


Chapter 801 – Fei’er’s Strange Action

Thunder Yun’s face was ugly as he sat in the hall . Having the same expression as him were the other generals of the army . The arrival of the Third Prince and the decree brought by him had made these people feel like the skies were falling apart .

They knew about the Third Prince . The Taurus Continents King had six children . The First Prince didn’t have any interest in martial cultivation . Because of this, he was just stuck at being an ordinary Demigod . This was rare in the Divine Race, especially among the royals .

But Thunder Yun and the others understood why this was the case . The First Prince was a bastard son, thus he had no inheritance nor background to speak of . However, since he was the first son of the Taurus King, many people still hoped that he would inherit the throne .

However, the Taurus Continent’s Queen was from a very influential clan, and the Second Prince being her son with the Taurus King . Having such a powerful mother meant that the Second Prince’s status was high as well, and succeeding the throne would be a natural path . If the First Prince were to exhibit extraordinary talents, then he would become an eyesore to the mother-son pair . It might even be possible for the First Prince to be killed off . Because of this, the First Prince had no other choice but to stay as a Demigod Expert, relinquishing any rights to the throne .

On the other hand, the talents of the Second Prince would make one speechless . The Second Prince was now a Full God-rank expert . Moreover, he had experience in commanding an army . With the learning he gained from his mother and father, the Second Prince was able to handle the matters of the court . This made him the perfect candidate to become the Next King . Many Great Clans on the Taurus Continent supported the Second Prince’s ascension to the throne .

But as the matter stands, a situation came up . The Taurus King was still at the prime of his life, and he was unwilling to hand the crown over, he wouldn’t die anytime soon . Now that the Second Prince was showing his superiority, the King felt that his position was being threatened . Because of this, the Taurus King had found a way to keep the balance against the Second Prince, and that was to favor and trust the Third Prince .

The Third Prince was also a direct descendant between the Taurus King and Queen, him being the younger brother of the Second Prince . However, the Third Prince was different from the Second Prince . The Second Prince was diligent in his effort since childhood . He had gained military experience while being strong himself, making him favored by the people .





But the Third Prince was different . Ever since he was little, the Third Prince has been smothered by the King with affection . Although he was intelligent and diligent in his studies, the Third Prince was very arrogant . Moreover, he didn’t like to listen to any criticism . Also, he didn’t go out and gain experience . So in matters of military, he was completely out of the loop .

But there was one thing that the Third Prince was the best at among his brothers . He was very good in making his parents happy .

The Third Prince was very adept in satisfying the King and Queen, he grew up perfecting this skill . In front of the King and Queen, he would be that clever and obedient son . However, when the two weren’t looking, he would act arrogant and conceited . His eyes were as high as the skies . Moreover, he was addicted to women . He would frequent himself with the other playboys of the Divine Race . Naturally, there wasn’t anything good to learn from this, so he only had the strength of a normal God-rank .

People with discerning eyes can see that the Third Prince completely falls short compared to the Second Prince . However, the Taurus King was very fond of the Third Prince, giving him favor and his trust . The King wouldn’t even accept any criticism thrown towards the Third Prince, the Queen was the same .

The other three children of the Taurus King were still young, so they were yet to enter the game and compete for the throne . Because of this, the battle had become the Second Prince against the Third . The Second Prince was an excellent leader and everybody was fond of him . His only downside was the jealous King . On the other hand, the Third Prince was popular with the King and the Queen as well as Nobles who wanted to advance their status . Because of this, the momentum of the battle was quite strong .

What made the Taurus Continent’s Great Nobles surprised was that the Taurus Continent’s Marshal, the King’s Younger Brother, was actually quite fond of the Third Prince as well . Meanwhile he was being cold towards the Second Prince . Because of his support, the likelyhood of the Third Prince ascending to the throne has increased by a lot .

But for people on the frontlines like Thunder Yun and the Generals, they knew that the Third Prince was unsuitable . He was clearly inferior compared to the Second Prince .

However, although Thunder Yun liked the Second Prince, he couldn’t actively support him since the Marshal of the army, Thunder Yun’s superior officer, supported the Third Prince .





However, although Thunder Yun liked the Second Prince, he couldn’t actively support him since the Marshal of the army, Thunder Yun’s superior officer, supported the Third Prince .

What Thunder Yun and the others don’t know was the fact that it was the Marshal’s idea to send the Third Prince to the Ark Continent . He wanted the Third Prince to gain military exploits, so that he could prepare for his ascension to the Throne in the future .

Actually, aside from the decree, the Marshal also sent Thunder Yun a private letter via the Third Prince . The Marshal wanted Thunder Yun to make the Third Prince take command of the army as merely a title, the Third Prince wouldn’t encroach upon Thunder Yun’s commands . The Third Prince would just get the credit while Thunder Yun does the actual job .

The Marshal also told the Third Prince about the contents of this letter . After the Third Prince arrives at the camp, he would then listen to the arrangements made by Thunder Yun .

This might work on a normal person but it was useless when it came to the Third Prince . The Third Prince didn’t like the Marshal’s arrangements but he still pretended to be obedient to the Marshal’s command while completely disregarding it in his mind .

With Thunder Yun’s temperament as well as his reaction when he saw the Third Prince, it was even more reason for the Third Prince to withhold the Marshal’s letter from Thunder Yun . Instead, he just used the imperial decree to directly remove Thunder Yun’s authority altogether . The Third Prince had learned the art of war from a young age, so why couldn’t he conquer the Ark Continent? What? Even Thunder Yun didn’t succeed? It’s because he had grown dull from age, he had become less useful the older he got .

The twists and turns of fate were difficult to predict, however, the imperial decree was certainly set in stone . This was also where Thunder Yun was having trouble with .

Cloud Ying looked at the silent Thunder Yun, in the end, he couldn’t endure it and said, “General, why would the Marshal send an order like that? It’s too strange, don’t you think?”

Thunder Yun knit his brows and said, “I also think that it’s strange . Normally, when the Marshal sends a decree, he would also hand me a private letter . However, there was no letter this time . It’s absolutely strange . ”





Thunder Yun knit his brows and said, “I also think that it’s strange . Normally, when the Marshal sends a decree, he would also hand me a private letter . However, there was no letter this time . It’s absolutely strange . ”

Everyone in the hall frowned . All of them were aware of how different this time was . Cloud Ying looked at Thunder Yun, his eyes shone as he said, “General, is it possible that something happened back at the capital?”

When Thunder Yun heard Cloud Ying, he couldn’t help but gawk, then his complexion changed as he said, “What do you mean?”

Cloud Ying replied, “Sir Marshal might have encountered an accident . All these years, our Taurus Continent has been striving to expand in all directions . And the majority of all these accomplishments belong on Sir Marshal himself . With his popularity, there are people who know of him while being unaware of the King . So I have some worries . ”

Thunder Yun’s complexion sank, he immediately shouted, “Fei’er, come here!”

Fei’er, who guarded the entrance, immediately walked over . Thunder Yun looked at Fei’er and said, “I will write a letter . You need to find a way for this letter to reach the hands of the Marshal . Remember, you need to be quick . ”

Then Thunder Yun began to brandish his brush as stroke upon stroke brought words into his letter . Then he placed the letter into a small bamboo tube before handing it over to Fei’er . After that, Fei’er bowed to Thunder Yun before he turned around to leave .

Thunder Yun turned to Cloud Ying and the others and said, “No matter what happens, go and return to your divisions . Get ready for anything . Remember, if the Third Prince wanted to make you into cannon fodder, make sure to cleverly dodge the responsibility . ”

Cloud Ying and the others weren’t fools, so they immediately understood what Thunder Yun meant . They were all members of the Marshal’s camp . If something did happen in the capital, then the enemy certainly won’t let the Marshal’s subordinates go . They would cut the wings of the Marshal before going on to their next plan .



Thunder Yun turned to Cloud Ying and the others and said, “No matter what happens, go and return to your divisions . Get ready for anything . Remember, if the Third Prince wanted to make you into cannon fodder, make sure to cleverly dodge the responsibility . ”

Cloud Ying and the others weren’t fools, so they immediately understood what Thunder Yun meant . They were all members of the Marshal’s camp . If something did happen in the capital, then the enemy certainly won’t let the Marshal’s subordinates go . They would cut the wings of the Marshal before going on to their next plan .

However, it wasn’t easy to just deal with them . Each of the Generals had their own army, and these people were with each other for many years . It can be said that the Generals’ control over their own army was unparalleled . If someone took their positions away, a mutiny might happen within the army . Because of this, the best way to remove these people was to use a borrowed knife to kill . They would have these people act as cannon fodder against Zhao Hai, using Zhao Hai’s hand to kill the Generals and their army . When that happens, the threat would vanish without spilling blood on their hands .

Cloud Ying and the others nodded before they stood up and bowed to Thunder Yun . Thunder Yun went out of his hall and gazed at the floating sword carriage, a flash going through his eyes .

The Third Prince didn’t think that his move would elicit such serious reaction from Thunder Yun . Moreover, he didn’t expect that this matter would just be a fuse, causing events to happen in the background that was beyond his expectations .

At this time, the Third Prince was throwing a tantrum inside the sword carriage . He thought that he was insulted . His maids just stood there with their heads down, doing their best to not make a move . They knew the Third Prince’s temper, if they dared to move, then they would certainly be severely punished .

After throwing a fit inside the carriage, the Third Prince finally stopped breaking things . Then he turned his head to one of his maids before grabbing one of them and tearing her clothes open…… .

After Fei’er received Thunder Yun’s letter, he immediately left the Divine Race’s camp and flew towards the Divine Realm’s direction . But after completely leaving the camp, Fei’er slowed down . Then he took the letter out of the bamboo tube and read it without hesitation .

After reading the letter, a twinkle appeared on Fei’er’s eyes . Then his figure moved as he changed his direction . Instead of heading towards the Divine Realm, he actually chose to head towards the other side of the Radiant Empire!

Chapter 801 Fei er s Strange Action Thunder Yun s face was ugly as he sat in the hall . Having the same expression as him were the other generals of the army . The arrival of the Third Prince and the decree brought by him had made these people feel like the skies were falling apart . They knew about the Third Prince . The Taurus Continents King had six children . The First Prince didn t have any interest in martial cultivation . Because of this, he was just stuck at being an ordinary Demigod . This was rare in the Divine Race, especially among the royals . But Thunder Yun and the others understood why this was the case . The First Prince was a bastard son, thus he had no inheritance nor background to speak of . However, since he was the first son of the Taurus King, many people still hoped that he would inherit the throne . However, the Taurus Continent s Queen was from a very influential clan, and the Second Prince being her son with the Taurus King . Having such a powerful mother meant that the Second Prince s status was high as well, and succeeding the throne would be a natural path . If the First Prince were to exhibit extraordinary talents, then he would become an eyesore to the mother son pair . It might even be possible for the First Prince to be killed off . Because of this, the First Prince had no other choice but to stay as a Demigod Expert, relinquishing any rights to the throne . On the other hand, the talents of the Second Prince would make one speechless . The Second Prince was now a Full God rank expert . Moreover, he had experience in commanding an army . With the learning he gained from his mother and father, the Second Prince was able to handle the matters of the court . This made him the perfect candidate to become the Next King . Many Great Clans on the Taurus Continent supported the Second Prince s ascension to the throne . But as the matter stands, a situation came up . The Taurus King was still at the prime of his life, and he was unwilling to hand the crown over, he wouldn t die anytime soon . Now that the Second Prince was showing his superiority, the King felt that his position was being threatened . Because of this, the Taurus King had found a way to keep the balance against the Second Prince, and that was to favor and trust the Third Prince . The Third Prince was also a direct descendant between the Taurus King and Queen, him being the younger brother of the Second Prince . However, the Third Prince was different from the Second Prince . The Second Prince was diligent in his effort since childhood . He had gained military experience while being strong himself, making him favored by the people . But the Third Prince was different . Ever since he was little, the Third Prince has been smothered by the King with affection . Although he was intelligent and diligent in his studies, the Third Prince was very arrogant . Moreover, he didn t like to listen to any criticism . Also, he didn t go out and gain experience . So in matters of military, he was completely out of the loop . But there was one thing that the Third Prince was the best at among his brothers . He was very good in making his parents happy . The Third Prince was very adept in satisfying the King and Queen, he grew up perfecting this skill . In front of the King and Queen, he would be that clever and obedient son . However, when the two weren t looking, he would act arrogant and conceited . His eyes were as high as the skies . Moreover, he was addicted to women . He would frequent himself with the other playboys of the Divine Race . Naturally, there wasn t anything good to learn from this, so he only had the strength of a normal God rank . People with discerning eyes can see that the Third Prince completely falls short compared to the Second Prince . However, the Taurus King was very fond of the Third Prince, giving him favor and his trust . The King wouldn t even accept any criticism thrown towards the Third Prince, the Queen was the same . The other three children of the Taurus King were still young, so they were yet to enter the game and compete for the throne . Because of this, the battle had become the Second Prince against the Third . The Second Prince was an excellent leader and everybody was fond of him . His only downside was the jealous King . On the other hand, the Third Prince was popular with the King and the Queen as well as Nobles who wanted to advance their status . Because of this, the momentum of the battle was quite strong . What made the Taurus Continent s Great Nobles surprised was that the Taurus Continent s Marshal, the King s Younger Brother, was actually quite fond of the Third Prince as well . Meanwhile he was being cold towards the Second Prince . Because of his support, the likelyhood of the Third Prince ascending to the throne has increased by a lot . But for people on the frontlines like Thunder Yun and the Generals, they knew that the Third Prince was unsuitable . He was clearly inferior compared to the Second Prince . However, although Thunder Yun liked the Second Prince, he couldn t actively support him since the Marshal of the army, Thunder Yun s superior officer, supported the Third Prince . What Thunder Yun and the others don t know was the fact that it was the Marshal s idea to send the Third Prince to the Ark Continent . He wanted the Third Prince to gain military exploits, so that he could prepare for his ascension to the Throne in the future . Actually, aside from the decree, the Marshal also sent Thunder Yun a private letter via the Third Prince . The Marshal wanted Thunder Yun to make the Third Prince take command of the army as merely a title, the Third Prince wouldn t encroach upon Thunder Yun s commands . The Third Prince would just get the credit while Thunder Yun does the actual job . The Marshal also told the Third Prince about the contents of this letter . After the Third Prince arrives at the camp, he would then listen to the arrangements made by Thunder Yun . This might work on a normal person but it was useless when it came to the Third Prince . The Third Prince didn t like the Marshal s arrangements but he still pretended to be obedient to the Marshal s command while completely disregarding it in his mind . With Thunder Yun s temperament as well as his reaction when he saw the Third Prince, it was even more reason for the Third Prince to withhold the Marshal s letter from Thunder Yun . Instead, he just used the imperial decree to directly remove Thunder Yun s authority altogether . The Third Prince had learned the art of war from a young age, so why couldn t he conquer the Ark Continent What Even Thunder Yun didn t succeed It s because he had grown dull from age, he had become less useful the older he got . The twists and turns of fate were difficult to predict, however, the imperial decree was certainly set in stone . This was also where Thunder Yun was having trouble with . Cloud Ying looked at the silent Thunder Yun, in the end, he couldn t endure it and said, General, why would the Marshal send an order like that It s too strange, don t you think Thunder Yun knit his brows and said, I also think that it s strange . Normally, when the Marshal sends a decree, he would also hand me a private letter . However, there was no letter this time . It s absolutely strange . Everyone in the hall frowned . All of them were aware of how different this time was . Cloud Ying looked at Thunder Yun, his eyes shone as he said, General, is it possible that something happened back at the capital When Thunder Yun heard Cloud Ying, he couldn t help but gawk, then his complexion changed as he said, What do you mean Cloud Ying replied, Sir Marshal might have encountered an accident . All these years, our Taurus Continent has been striving to expand in all directions . And the majority of all these accomplishments belong on Sir Marshal himself . With his popularity, there are people who know of him while being unaware of the King . So I have some worries . Thunder Yun s complexion sank, he immediately shouted, Fei er, come here Fei er, who guarded the entrance, immediately walked over . Thunder Yun looked at Fei er and said, I will write a letter . You need to find a way for this letter to reach the hands of the Marshal . Remember, you need to be quick . Then Thunder Yun began to brandish his brush as stroke upon stroke brought words into his letter . Then he placed the letter into a small bamboo tube before handing it over to Fei er . After that, Fei er bowed to Thunder Yun before he turned around to leave . Thunder Yun turned to Cloud Ying and the others and said, No matter what happens, go and return to your divisions . Get ready for anything . Remember, if the Third Prince wanted to make you into cannon fodder, make sure to cleverly dodge the responsibility . Cloud Ying and the others weren t fools, so they immediately understood what Thunder Yun meant . They were all members of the Marshal s camp . If something did happen in the capital, then the enemy certainly won t let the Marshal s subordinates go . They would cut the wings of the Marshal before going on to their next plan . However, it wasn t easy to just deal with them . Each of the Generals had their own army, and these people were with each other for many years . It can be said that the Generals control over their own army was unparalleled . If someone took their positions away, a mutiny might happen within the army . Because of this, the best way to remove these people was to use a borrowed knife to kill . They would have these people act as cannon fodder against Zhao Hai, using Zhao Hai s hand to kill the Generals and their army . When that happens, the threat would vanish without spilling blood on their hands . Cloud Ying and the others nodded before they stood up and bowed to Thunder Yun . Thunder Yun went out of his hall and gazed at the floating sword carriage, a flash going through his eyes . The Third Prince didn t think that his move would elicit such serious reaction from Thunder Yun . Moreover, he didn t expect that this matter would just be a fuse, causing events to happen in the background that was beyond his expectations . At this time, the Third Prince was throwing a tantrum inside the sword carriage . He thought that he was insulted . His maids just stood there with their heads down, doing their best to not make a move . They knew the Third Prince s temper, if they dared to move, then they would certainly be severely punished . After throwing a fit inside the carriage, the Third Prince finally stopped breaking things . Then he turned his head to one of his maids before grabbing one of them and tearing her clothes open . After Fei er received Thunder Yun s letter, he immediately left the Divine Race s camp and flew towards the Divine Realm s direction . But after completely leaving the camp, Fei er slowed down . Then he took the letter out of the bamboo tube and read it without hesitation . After reading the letter, a twinkle appeared on Fei er s eyes . Then his figure moved as he changed his direction . Instead of heading towards the Divine Realm, he actually chose to head towards the other side of the Radiant Empire





* * *

Chapter 802 – Prosperous Ark Space

Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the Divine Race’s camp ever since the Third Prince arrived . Although he couldn’t find out what Thunder Yun and the others talked about, he managed to see Fei’er’s action . However, he couldn’t understand what Fei’er was doing .

Zhao Hai was certain that Fei’er was sent to deliver a letter . But Fei’er actually read the letter before going off to a different direction .

Zhao Hai saw Fei’er go to the Winged Pegasus camp first, then to the Barbarians . Only after visiting the two camps did he head towards the Divine Realm . This made Zhao Hai feel that something was fishy .

Laura and the others also saw Fei’er’s action . When Fei’er finally went to the Divine Realm, Laura looked at Zhao Hai ni confusion as she asked, “Brother Hai, why do I feel that something isn’t right? It seems like there is a problem with the Divine Race’s interior . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Remember when I said that the Winged Pegasus and the Barbarian Clans hate the Divine Race more than us? I thought the Giants were different, and were completely loyal . But it seems like those those conquered by the Divine Race are all unwilling to stay as slaves . ”

Laura stared before her two eyes shined, “Brother Hai, you mean?”

Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to Lizzy and said, “From now on, make sure to minimize the losses made to the Winged Pegasus and Barbarian troops . As long as they don’t go too far, then we’ll leave them be . ”

Lizzy smiled and said, “I don’t think the Third Prince will allow them to do that . But we still need to prepare . I believe the Prince would stage an attack in a couple of days . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Go make some plans . ” Lizzy nodded before she turned and took Megan upstairs to plan their move .





Laura looked at the two before she turned to look at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Now that the people of the Ark Continent has entered the Space, I’ve become less busy compared to those two . ”

Zhao Hai smiled as he extended his arms over Laura and Ruyen’s shoulders before saying, “You had it hard . Make sure to take a proper rest in the following days . Don’t forget, we still need to get those Goblins later . ”

Laura nodded while Ruyen stayed silent . For Ruyen, being close to Zhao Hai was already enough .

At this time, Cai’er flew towards Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, Brother Wales is inviting you over for a drink . Will you go? He has been inviting you over for several times already,”

When Zhao Hai heard this, he couldn’t help but laugh, “Why wouldn’t I go? I’ll go, i’ll go . My Brother is asking for drinks . I wouldn’t not go . ” Then he took the women along with him to Wales

Even Lizzy and Megan who were formulating plans were pulled over .

Before long, Zhao Hai appeared in the Ark Space’s Prairie . Wales was pacing back and forth in his tent, eagerly waiting for Zhao Hai .

After seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Wales immediately laughed and said, “You guys actually came . Its been a few days, you really made me wait . ”

Zhao Hai laughed and replied, “Things have been quite busy . Right, Big Brother, wait for some time, I have something good to show you . ”

Wales looked in anticipation, “Something good? What is it?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “When the time comes I’ll let you know . ”





Zhao Hai smiled and said, “When the time comes I’ll let you know . ”

Wales stopped caring about it as he laughed and said, “Alright, just tell me whenever you want . But for now, come have a few cups with me . Someone, quickly go and roast some cows . ” Needless to say, when they heard that Zhao Hai arrived, the other Herculean Bulls went over to see him . These people were very familiar with Zhao Hai, so they joked and laughed with each other .

Zhao Hai looked at them before he frowned jokingly, “Why are you all here? Stay away, I need some room to breathe . ”

The Herculean Bulls weren’t afraid of Zhao Hai’s fake anger . Instead, they went forward before one of them chuckled and said, “Prince, you have been working hard . I had my wife make some milk skin just for you . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the person and said, “Get lost . When I said milk skin, I meant those made from Argali . ” The person didn’t care . He still grinned by Zhao Hai’s side as the two of them laughed and joked with each other . In the end, Zhao Hai gave each person a bottle of milk wine before they scurried away .

Wales looked at all of these with a huge grin . When the people went away, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “These guys treat you better than me . When they see you come, everyone welcomes you very well . I don’t get treated this way . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s natural . They like me more than they like you . ”

Wales laughed, “I just said that to flatter you, I didn’t think you’d eat it up . Hahaha . Come on, let’s have a drink . I’m afraid that your capacity for alcohol has regressed . You have been fighting the Demons and the Divine Race all this time . There hasn’t been a time for you to drink . ”

Zhao Hai laughed as well, “And I’m afraid that you won’t be able to return to your tent . Right, Big Brother, why haven’t I seen mister Yale? Where is he?”

Wales smiled and said, “He’s in close door cultivation . He said he had some epiphany and wanted to make a new beast token . Don’t worry about him . At this point, we have been living great lives . No wars are happening since the grass here is so good . The grass grow so quickly that the argali couldn’t eat them all in time . In addition to the grass, there are caravans going along the grassland every day, selling inexpensive human goods . Along with that, we also enjoy Dwarf and Elven items . ’[1]

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s good that you’re happy, that means I didn’t make a wrong choice . Brother, later on, I will open a shop here . If you have anything excess to sell, then you can just take it to the shop . At the same time, if you want to buy anything, you can also go there . I can guarantee the supplies offered in the shop . ”





Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s good that you’re happy, that means I didn’t make a wrong choice . Brother, later on, I will open a shop here . If you have anything excess to sell, then you can just take it to the shop . At the same time, if you want to buy anything, you can also go there . I can guarantee the supplies offered in the shop . ”

Wales’ eyes shone, “That’s good . Although there are a lot of caravans in the Prairie, it’s still quite difficult to look for certain things . ”

At this time, some people got up and offered the two of them some milk wine . Naturally, this wasn’t the one purified by Zhao Hai, instead, it was one made by the Beastmen themselves . This was only done to offer respects, the other cups were drank with purified milk wine .

Zhao Hai drank the milk wine and let out a long breath before saying, “When you entered the Space, I can finally feel relief . These days, the Demons and the Divine Race have increased their forces . The Divine Race had their Third Prince come personally . But more worrying are the Demons, their Great Demon King actually came . I’m afraid we won’t be able to hold of for too long . ”

Wales placed his glass down as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother, you’ve been working hard . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Not really that hard . I just find the Divine Race disgusting so I want to give them a good beating . ”

Wales slightly smiled and didn’t say anything . Wales knew that when they entered the Space, Zhao Hai would no longer have any extra worries . However, this also meant that Zhao Hai was now alone in facing the Demons and the Divine Race .

In the past, the groups in the continent were very eager to send troops because their lives were threatened . If they don’t help in the war, then they would be killed by the Divine Race . But now it was different . Since they were now inside the Space, the threat of the Demons and the Divine Race had virtually vanished . From this point on, it would be difficult to convince the people to fight against the Ark Continent’s invaders .

What Wales didn’t know was the fact that this aspect only held truth because they hadn’t been inside the Space for too long . With enough time, the people inside would be predisposed to regard Zhao Hai’s needs . Not to say dispatching troops, even if Zhao Hai wanted them to die, then they wouldn’t hesitate to do so .

Zhao Hai didn’t want to explain this ability . After all, this came with the Space . Even if he wanted to change it, he couldn’t . Besides, Zhao Hai preferred this development, this meant that there would be no traitors inside the Space .

Before long, the argali and bulls were roasted . Aside from Wales, everyone in the Herculean Bull tribe attended this meeting . Everyone ate and drank with each other .

After the event, Zhao Hai returned to the Space’s villa to take a rest . Then Zhao Hai went to the living room and opened the monitor . But this time, he wasn’t watching the Demons and the Divine Race, instead, he was looking at the events happening in the Ark Space



Before long, the argali and bulls were roasted . Aside from Wales, everyone in the Herculean Bull tribe attended this meeting . Everyone ate and drank with each other .

After the event, Zhao Hai returned to the Space’s villa to take a rest . Then Zhao Hai went to the living room and opened the monitor . But this time, he wasn’t watching the Demons and the Divine Race, instead, he was looking at the events happening in the Ark Space

The people in the Ark Space has had it well . After the Great Clans re-established their authority, everything fell in place very quickly .

Zhao Hai was very happy about this situation . This was the reason why he decided to make the Ark Space identical to the Ark Continent . If he didn’t make them similar, then the people of the Ark Continent would need to adjust to their new environment, giving Zhao Hai unnecessary worries .

The Empires of the Ark Space were now up and running, even resuming trade with each other . Moreover, the situation was even much better compared to before since the Fishmen, Beastmen, Dwarves, and Elves were now mingling with the Humans and each other . Discrimination was also slowly diminishing, removing the barriers erected by the Radiant Church in the past .

Recently, the people of the continent had experienced a lot of things, especially when they were under pressure from the Demons and the Divine Race . This caused the Humans and the other races to unite with each other . Also, when people emigrated to the Space’s Ark Continent, Zhao Hai explicitly forbade the discrimination towards the other races . Because of this, the Humans started to accept the other races more and more .

After seeing that things have been normal in the Space, Zhao Hai felt relieved . Then he changed the monitor’s image to the Divine Race’s camp . Zhao Hai was quite curious about what changes the Third Prince would impose on the army .

And just as Zhao Hai shifted the monitor, he saw Thunder Yun approaching the imperial palace of the Radiant Empire . Zhao Hai knew that ever since arriving to the continent, the Third Prince had taken up residence inside the Empire’s Royal Palace .

It might be beast tablet, forgot which is which . I’ll change it when I go review the past chapters . Chapter 802 Prosperous Ark Space Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the Divine Race s camp ever since the Third Prince arrived . Although he couldn t find out what Thunder Yun and the others talked about, he managed to see Fei er s action . However, he couldn t understand what Fei er was doing . Zhao Hai was certain that Fei er was sent to deliver a letter . But Fei er actually read the letter before going off to a different direction . Zhao Hai saw Fei er go to the Winged Pegasus camp first, then to the Barbarians . Only after visiting the two camps did he head towards the Divine Realm . This made Zhao Hai feel that something was fishy . Laura and the others also saw Fei er s action . When Fei er finally went to the Divine Realm, Laura looked at Zhao Hai ni confusion as she asked, Brother Hai, why do I feel that something isn t right It seems like there is a problem with the Divine Race s interior . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Remember when I said that the Winged Pegasus and the Barbarian Clans hate the Divine Race more than us I thought the Giants were different, and were completely loyal . But it seems like those those conquered by the Divine Race are all unwilling to stay as slaves . Laura stared before her two eyes shined, Brother Hai, you mean Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to Lizzy and said, From now on, make sure to minimize the losses made to the Winged Pegasus and Barbarian troops . As long as they don t go too far, then we ll leave them be . Lizzy smiled and said, I don t think the Third Prince will allow them to do that . But we still need to prepare . I believe the Prince would stage an attack in a couple of days . Zhao Hai nodded, Go make some plans . Lizzy nodded before she turned and took Megan upstairs to plan their move . Laura looked at the two before she turned to look at Zhao Hai and smiled, Now that the people of the Ark Continent has entered the Space, I ve become less busy compared to those two . Zhao Hai smiled as he extended his arms over Laura and Ruyen s shoulders before saying, You had it hard . Make sure to take a proper rest in the following days . Don t forget, we still need to get those Goblins later . Laura nodded while Ruyen stayed silent . For Ruyen, being close to Zhao Hai was already enough . At this time, Cai er flew towards Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, Brother Wales is inviting you over for a drink . Will you go He has been inviting you over for several times already, When Zhao Hai heard this, he couldn t help but laugh, Why wouldn t I go I ll go, i ll go . My Brother is asking for drinks . I wouldn t not go . Then he took the women along with him to Wales Even Lizzy and Megan who were formulating plans were pulled over . Before long, Zhao Hai appeared in the Ark Space s Prairie . Wales was pacing back and forth in his tent, eagerly waiting for Zhao Hai . After seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Wales immediately laughed and said, You guys actually came . Its been a few days, you really made me wait . Zhao Hai laughed and replied, Things have been quite busy . Right, Big Brother, wait for some time, I have something good to show you . Wales looked in anticipation, Something good What is it Zhao Hai smiled and said, When the time comes I ll let you know . Wales stopped caring about it as he laughed and said, Alright, just tell me whenever you want . But for now, come have a few cups with me . Someone, quickly go and roast some cows . Needless to say, when they heard that Zhao Hai arrived, the other Herculean Bulls went over to see him . These people were very familiar with Zhao Hai, so they joked and laughed with each other . Zhao Hai looked at them before he frowned jokingly, Why are you all here Stay away, I need some room to breathe . The Herculean Bulls weren t afraid of Zhao Hai s fake anger . Instead, they went forward before one of them chuckled and said, Prince, you have been working hard . I had my wife make some milk skin just for you . Zhao Hai looked at the person and said, Get lost . When I said milk skin, I meant those made from Argali . The person didn t care . He still grinned by Zhao Hai s side as the two of them laughed and joked with each other . In the end, Zhao Hai gave each person a bottle of milk wine before they scurried away . Wales looked at all of these with a huge grin . When the people went away, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, These guys treat you better than me . When they see you come, everyone welcomes you very well . I don t get treated this way . Zhao Hai smiled and said, That s natural . They like me more than they like you . Wales laughed, I just said that to flatter you, I didn t think you d eat it up . Hahaha . Come on, let s have a drink . I m afraid that your capacity for alcohol has regressed . You have been fighting the Demons and the Divine Race all this time . There hasn t been a time for you to drink . Zhao Hai laughed as well, And I m afraid that you won t be able to return to your tent . Right, Big Brother, why haven t I seen mister Yale Where is he Wales smiled and said, He s in close door cultivation . He said he had some epiphany and wanted to make a new beast token . Don t worry about him . At this point, we have been living great lives . No wars are happening since the grass here is so good . The grass grow so quickly that the argali couldn t eat them all in time . In addition to the grass, there are caravans going along the grassland every day, selling inexpensive human goods . Along with that, we also enjoy Dwarf and Elven items . 1 Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, It s good that you re happy, that means I didn t make a wrong choice . Brother, later on, I will open a shop here . If you have anything excess to sell, then you can just take it to the shop . At the same time, if you want to buy anything, you can also go there . I can guarantee the supplies offered in the shop . Wales eyes shone, That s good . Although there are a lot of caravans in the Prairie, it s still quite difficult to look for certain things . At this time, some people got up and offered the two of them some milk wine . Naturally, this wasn t the one purified by Zhao Hai, instead, it was one made by the Beastmen themselves . This was only done to offer respects, the other cups were drank with purified milk wine . Zhao Hai drank the milk wine and let out a long breath before saying, When you entered the Space, I can finally feel relief . These days, the Demons and the Divine Race have increased their forces . The Divine Race had their Third Prince come personally . But more worrying are the Demons, their Great Demon King actually came . I m afraid we won t be able to hold of for too long . Wales placed his glass down as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother, you ve been working hard . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Not really that hard . I just find the Divine Race disgusting so I want to give them a good beating . Wales slightly smiled and didn t say anything . Wales knew that when they entered the Space, Zhao Hai would no longer have any extra worries . However, this also meant that Zhao Hai was now alone in facing the Demons and the Divine Race . In the past, the groups in the continent were very eager to send troops because their lives were threatened . If they don t help in the war, then they would be killed by the Divine Race . But now it was different . Since they were now inside the Space, the threat of the Demons and the Divine Race had virtually vanished . From this point on, it would be difficult to convince the people to fight against the Ark Continent s invaders . What Wales didn t know was the fact that this aspect only held truth because they hadn t been inside the Space for too long . With enough time, the people inside would be predisposed to regard Zhao Hai s needs . Not to say dispatching troops, even if Zhao Hai wanted them to die, then they wouldn t hesitate to do so . Zhao Hai didn t want to explain this ability . After all, this came with the Space . Even if he wanted to change it, he couldn t . Besides, Zhao Hai preferred this development, this meant that there would be no traitors inside the Space . Before long, the argali and bulls were roasted . Aside from Wales, everyone in the Herculean Bull tribe attended this meeting . Everyone ate and drank with each other . After the event, Zhao Hai returned to the Space s villa to take a rest . Then Zhao Hai went to the living room and opened the monitor . But this time, he wasn t watching the Demons and the Divine Race, instead, he was looking at the events happening in the Ark Space The people in the Ark Space has had it well . After the Great Clans re established their authority, everything fell in place very quickly . Zhao Hai was very happy about this situation . This was the reason why he decided to make the Ark Space identical to the Ark Continent . If he didn t make them similar, then the people of the Ark Continent would need to adjust to their new environment, giving Zhao Hai unnecessary worries . The Empires of the Ark Space were now up and running, even resuming trade with each other . Moreover, the situation was even much better compared to before since the Fishmen, Beastmen, Dwarves, and Elves were now mingling with the Humans and each other . Discrimination was also slowly diminishing, removing the barriers erected by the Radiant Church in the past . Recently, the people of the continent had experienced a lot of things, especially when they were under pressure from the Demons and the Divine Race . This caused the Humans and the other races to unite with each other . Also, when people emigrated to the Space s Ark Continent, Zhao Hai explicitly forbade the discrimination towards the other races . Because of this, the Humans started to accept the other races more and more . After seeing that things have been normal in the Space, Zhao Hai felt relieved . Then he changed the monitor s image to the Divine Race s camp . Zhao Hai was quite curious about what changes the Third Prince would impose on the army . And just as Zhao Hai shifted the monitor, he saw Thunder Yun approaching the imperial palace of the Radiant Empire . Zhao Hai knew that ever since arriving to the continent, the Third Prince had taken up residence inside the Empire s Royal Palace . It might be beast tablet, forgot which is which . I ll change it when I go review the past chapters .





* * *

Chapter 803 – Strange Javelin Attacks

Once Thunder Yun entered the Imperial Palace, Zhao Hai can no longer see his actions . Since that was the case, Zhao Hai turned his attention towards the Northern Icefield . He wanted to see how the Underworld’s creatures were doing right now .

At this point, the poisonous mist of the Northern Icefield had already swallowed a third of the Beastman Prairie . Inside the mist were a lot of undead wandering around . And as he neared the center of the Icefield, Zhao Hai found it harder and harder to see the situation because the density of the mist was too strong . However, he can still spot some low-level undead in the surroundings .

Zhao Hai certainly wouldn’t let this opportunity go . From time to time, he would grab some undead and place them in the Space . He wanted to see if he can bait some strong creatures out from the underworld .

Just as Zhao Hai grabbed another undead, he suddenly received word from Cai’er . The Divine Race were about to make their move . After he heard that, Zhao Hai immediately changed the monitor’s image back to the Divine Race .

After he turned the display, Zhao Hai loudly said, “Lizzy, Megan, come down here . It’s time for work . ” Lizzy and Megan immediately gave confirmation before they went into the living room . They were just formulating plans on how to deal with the Divine Race, so when they heard Zhao Hai they immediately had their spirits up .

After the two arrived downstairs, Zhao Hai immediately adjusted the monitor to show Thunder Yun’s ugly expression as he left the Imperial Palace . Upon returning to his camp, the Generals of the Divine Race army started to amass their troops . It seems like they were getting ready to attack the Ark Continent .





When Lizzy saw this, she smiled and said, “It’s really his first time in the battlefield . He didn’t even give the reinforcing army enough time to rest . Just after one night and they are now starting to move . It seems like we’re facing an impatient person . ”

Zhao Hai smiled as well, “Go do your thing . I really want to take a look at how that young man reacts . ” When Lizzy and Megan heard Zhao Hai, both of them chuckled .

Their plan was to send out an army to harass just like before, but this time, the intensity would be reduced . This would make the Divine Race relax and overextend their advance into the Ark Continent . After two days, they would be so far into the mainland that they would take a long time to return to the Radiant Empire . At that time, Zhao Hai would attack the Radiant Empire, snatching some magic cannons for himself while also taking some Goblins into the Space . This should force the Divine Race to retreat .

If the Divine Race didn’t retreat, then Zhao Hai would use the defenses they built on the Accra Mountains to withstand the Divine Race’s attack . At that time, the Demons should have already gotten news . The Demons wouldn’t want to fall behind the Divine Race and will send troops after them . Then both of them would be blocked by the Accra Mountains . Zhao Hai also wanted to see whether the two invaders would work together in order to annex the Ark Continent .

Zhao Hai believed that cooperation between the Demons and the Divine Race was impossible . When the time comes, the two of them would surely fight with each other . When that happens, Zhao Hai would grab more undead from the underworld and then wait for the strong underworld creatures to arrive . Then Zhao Hai would retreat from the Accra Mountain to allow the two races entry into the center of the Continent . Once the two meet the Underworld’s creatures, then Zhao Hai would hit them from behind .

As Zhao Hai thought of this, the Divine Race has dispatched their troops . Their advance wasn’t too quick . Moreover, Zhao Hai noticed that the Third Prince’s advance was at the front while Thunder Yun’s army took the rear .

When Lizzy saw this, her eyes shone, she smiled faintly and said, “Good . Their arrangement suits our plans very well . Once they go out of the Radiant Empire’s territory, we’ll send our harassment army . However, we cannot hit them too much, we’ll give them the expression that we can be easily dealt with . ”

Megan smiled, “This is that Third Prince’s first time in the battlefield . We need to give him some face . If he gets terrified this quickly, then that wouldn’t be too good . ”





Megan smiled, “This is that Third Prince’s first time in the battlefield . We need to give him some face . If he gets terrified this quickly, then that wouldn’t be too good . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the both of them and helplessly shook his head . These women are scary, sometimes scarier than men . Now that the Third Prince was faced against Lizzy and Megan, it would be difficult for him to have the courage to return to the battlefield in the future .

Zhao Hai turned his attention back to the Divine Race army . The Barbarian and Winged Pegasus soldiers who came with the Third Prince also moved alongside the reinforcing army, forming two wings beside it . Moreover, these troops were elites . There were flying 9th rank Barbarian Heavy Cavalry as well as some God-rank Winged Pegasus light cavalry . These God-rank cavalry units could also establish their Domains, providing them with terrifying prowess in the battlefield .

Then Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy and Megan and said, “The Barbarian and Winged Pegasus races had sent their elites . You need to send people and see whether they intend to go all out or were just acting . If they are acting, then don’t pressure them too much . We don’t want them to get angry at us even more . ”

Lizzy smiled and said, “It’s fine . Although these Winged Pegasus are fast, there is still no way for them to catch up to the undead . We’ll clash with them at first, then after that we start our plans . We’ll make sure to send fewer troops to them compared to the Divine Race, showing them our kind intentions . At the same time, the Divine Race would have suspicion towards the two . Once a disagreement happens, then their army would surely crumble . ”

At this time, Laura and the others went in . Seeing them arrive, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Let’s go outside . Meg, please prepare some tea and snacks . Let’s eat while looking at the Divine Race’s advance . ”

Lizzy and the others giggled as they followed Zhao Hai outside . On the other hand, Meg went with Cai’er to prepare some tea and desserts . Zhao Hai hadn’t been able to find some good tea in the Ark Continent before . However, he finally discovered some good leaves in the Elven Forest .

The Third Prince was currently sitting inside his sword carriage . A crystal was installed inside the carriage that allowed him to see the army outside . This was his first time in the battlefield, therefore he couldn’t help but feel excited inside .





The Third Prince was currently sitting inside his sword carriage . A crystal was installed inside the carriage that allowed him to see the army outside . This was his first time in the battlefield, therefore he couldn’t help but feel excited inside .

However, when he thought about Thunder Yun’s actions in the morning, the Third Prince’s expression couldn’t help but sink . He coldly snorted and said, “That Old Guy certainly isn’t as powerful as they say . That Zhao Hai better wish that I don’t meet him, otherwise, I’ll show him how terrifying I could be . ”

The ten maids stood behind the Third Prince . But their faces, hands, and any skin not covered exposed their bruises and wounds .

One could say that 9th ranks were full of vitality, small wounds like those can be healed in a short time . However, the Third Prince was as sick person . If someone he beat up would have their wounds heal, then the Third Prince would certainly hit them more . Because of this, the maids didn’t dare to heal their wounds . They can only stand there while enduring the pain .

Although the Prince hadn’t gone to the battlefield before, he still managed to properly study warfare . This allowed him to understand the situation of the battlefield . The King also had him carry out some bandit subjugation back in the Divine Realm . But these bandits were actually Goblins of the Divine Realm .

Even if the Goblins were subjugated by the Divine Race, there were still clumps of them hidden on unexplored areas . Although one would find it hard to survive on those places, the Third Prince still went on a killed all of them .

These Goblins can’t even eat properly, so how could they resist these Divine Race soldiers . Because of this, it was impossible for the Third Prince to gain proper combat experience . Still, when it came to marching, the Third Prince was quite experienced . His current army was well-trained, there were no problems in the march . They even managed to look elite while doing so .

The army slowly left the Radiant Empire . The Third Prince knew that not long after Thunder Yun left the Empire, they were met by harassment attacks from the Ark Continent . Moreover, he heard that those blood lightning javelins were very strong .

Although the Third Prince thought otherwise, he was still very careful . Once they reached the border of the Radiant Empire, the Third Prince immediately ordered the army to be alert, especially the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus armies on both sides .



The army slowly left the Radiant Empire . The Third Prince knew that not long after Thunder Yun left the Empire, they were met by harassment attacks from the Ark Continent . Moreover, he heard that those blood lightning javelins were very strong .

Although the Third Prince thought otherwise, he was still very careful . Once they reached the border of the Radiant Empire, the Third Prince immediately ordered the army to be alert, especially the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus armies on both sides .

On the other hand, Thunder Yun was at the rear observing the Third Prince’s actions . After some time he sighed and said, “Fei’er, what do think the Third Prince’s reaction would be after the attack?’

After hearing no reply, Thunder Yun turned his head to look only to see another Thunder Clan person and not Fei’er . Then he remembered that he had sent Fei’er off to send a letter . After seeing the Giant that wasn’t Fei’er, Thunder Yun sighed and stopped talking .

Once the Third Prince gave his order, his facial expression turned into excitement as he looked to both sides of the army . He wanted to know what attacks these Ark Continent people really have .

Sure enough, the Ark Continent didn’t disappoint him . It didn’t take a long time before a cavalry unit appeared on one side . These Cavalry units didn’t attack the Barbarian cavalry nor Winged Pegasus cavalry . Instead, it headed directly to the Center army . The Third Prince’s face flushed, his held his breath as he looked at the incoming cavalry attack .

That team of cavalry quickly arrived in front of the Divine Race army and let loose their javelins . This made the Third Prince anxious, he stared at the descending javelins to see how strong they were .

The javelin came down quite fast before an explosive sound was heard . Moreover, the explosion threw dust in the air . Once the dust has cleared, the Third Prince couldn’t help but be surprised at the result .

The attacked Divine Race soldiers had a bewildered expression on their faces as they stood there . They weren’t vaporized or even wounded . The attack just managed to dirty their armor and faces .

Chapter 803 Strange Javelin Attacks Once Thunder Yun entered the Imperial Palace, Zhao Hai can no longer see his actions . Since that was the case, Zhao Hai turned his attention towards the Northern Icefield . He wanted to see how the Underworld s creatures were doing right now . At this point, the poisonous mist of the Northern Icefield had already swallowed a third of the Beastman Prairie . Inside the mist were a lot of undead wandering around . And as he neared the center of the Icefield, Zhao Hai found it harder and harder to see the situation because the density of the mist was too strong . However, he can still spot some low level undead in the surroundings . Zhao Hai certainly wouldn t let this opportunity go . From time to time, he would grab some undead and place them in the Space . He wanted to see if he can bait some strong creatures out from the underworld . Just as Zhao Hai grabbed another undead, he suddenly received word from Cai er . The Divine Race were about to make their move . After he heard that, Zhao Hai immediately changed the monitor s image back to the Divine Race . After he turned the display, Zhao Hai loudly said, Lizzy, Megan, come down here . It s time for work . Lizzy and Megan immediately gave confirmation before they went into the living room . They were just formulating plans on how to deal with the Divine Race, so when they heard Zhao Hai they immediately had their spirits up . After the two arrived downstairs, Zhao Hai immediately adjusted the monitor to show Thunder Yun s ugly expression as he left the Imperial Palace . Upon returning to his camp, the Generals of the Divine Race army started to amass their troops . It seems like they were getting ready to attack the Ark Continent . When Lizzy saw this, she smiled and said, It s really his first time in the battlefield . He didn t even give the reinforcing army enough time to rest . Just after one night and they are now starting to move . It seems like we re facing an impatient person . Zhao Hai smiled as well, Go do your thing . I really want to take a look at how that young man reacts . When Lizzy and Megan heard Zhao Hai, both of them chuckled . Their plan was to send out an army to harass just like before, but this time, the intensity would be reduced . This would make the Divine Race relax and overextend their advance into the Ark Continent . After two days, they would be so far into the mainland that they would take a long time to return to the Radiant Empire . At that time, Zhao Hai would attack the Radiant Empire, snatching some magic cannons for himself while also taking some Goblins into the Space . This should force the Divine Race to retreat . If the Divine Race didn t retreat, then Zhao Hai would use the defenses they built on the Accra Mountains to withstand the Divine Race s attack . At that time, the Demons should have already gotten news . The Demons wouldn t want to fall behind the Divine Race and will send troops after them . Then both of them would be blocked by the Accra Mountains . Zhao Hai also wanted to see whether the two invaders would work together in order to annex the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai believed that cooperation between the Demons and the Divine Race was impossible . When the time comes, the two of them would surely fight with each other . When that happens, Zhao Hai would grab more undead from the underworld and then wait for the strong underworld creatures to arrive . Then Zhao Hai would retreat from the Accra Mountain to allow the two races entry into the center of the Continent . Once the two meet the Underworld s creatures, then Zhao Hai would hit them from behind . As Zhao Hai thought of this, the Divine Race has dispatched their troops . Their advance wasn t too quick . Moreover, Zhao Hai noticed that the Third Prince s advance was at the front while Thunder Yun s army took the rear . When Lizzy saw this, her eyes shone, she smiled faintly and said, Good . Their arrangement suits our plans very well . Once they go out of the Radiant Empire s territory, we ll send our harassment army . However, we cannot hit them too much, we ll give them the expression that we can be easily dealt with . Megan smiled, This is that Third Prince s first time in the battlefield . We need to give him some face . If he gets terrified this quickly, then that wouldn t be too good . Zhao Hai looked at the both of them and helplessly shook his head . These women are scary, sometimes scarier than men . Now that the Third Prince was faced against Lizzy and Megan, it would be difficult for him to have the courage to return to the battlefield in the future . Zhao Hai turned his attention back to the Divine Race army . The Barbarian and Winged Pegasus soldiers who came with the Third Prince also moved alongside the reinforcing army, forming two wings beside it . Moreover, these troops were elites . There were flying 9th rank Barbarian Heavy Cavalry as well as some God rank Winged Pegasus light cavalry . These God rank cavalry units could also establish their Domains, providing them with terrifying prowess in the battlefield . Then Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy and Megan and said, The Barbarian and Winged Pegasus races had sent their elites . You need to send people and see whether they intend to go all out or were just acting . If they are acting, then don t pressure them too much . We don t want them to get angry at us even more . Lizzy smiled and said, It s fine . Although these Winged Pegasus are fast, there is still no way for them to catch up to the undead . We ll clash with them at first, then after that we start our plans . We ll make sure to send fewer troops to them compared to the Divine Race, showing them our kind intentions . At the same time, the Divine Race would have suspicion towards the two . Once a disagreement happens, then their army would surely crumble . At this time, Laura and the others went in . Seeing them arrive, Zhao Hai smiled and said, Let s go outside . Meg, please prepare some tea and snacks . Let s eat while looking at the Divine Race s advance . Lizzy and the others giggled as they followed Zhao Hai outside . On the other hand, Meg went with Cai er to prepare some tea and desserts . Zhao Hai hadn t been able to find some good tea in the Ark Continent before . However, he finally discovered some good leaves in the Elven Forest . The Third Prince was currently sitting inside his sword carriage . A crystal was installed inside the carriage that allowed him to see the army outside . This was his first time in the battlefield, therefore he couldn t help but feel excited inside . However, when he thought about Thunder Yun s actions in the morning, the Third Prince s expression couldn t help but sink . He coldly snorted and said, That Old Guy certainly isn t as powerful as they say . That Zhao Hai better wish that I don t meet him, otherwise, I ll show him how terrifying I could be . The ten maids stood behind the Third Prince . But their faces, hands, and any skin not covered exposed their bruises and wounds . One could say that 9th ranks were full of vitality, small wounds like those can be healed in a short time . However, the Third Prince was as sick person . If someone he beat up would have their wounds heal, then the Third Prince would certainly hit them more . Because of this, the maids didn t dare to heal their wounds . They can only stand there while enduring the pain . Although the Prince hadn t gone to the battlefield before, he still managed to properly study warfare . This allowed him to understand the situation of the battlefield . The King also had him carry out some bandit subjugation back in the Divine Realm . But these bandits were actually Goblins of the Divine Realm . Even if the Goblins were subjugated by the Divine Race, there were still clumps of them hidden on unexplored areas . Although one would find it hard to survive on those places, the Third Prince still went on a killed all of them . These Goblins can t even eat properly, so how could they resist these Divine Race soldiers . Because of this, it was impossible for the Third Prince to gain proper combat experience . Still, when it came to marching, the Third Prince was quite experienced . His current army was well trained, there were no problems in the march . They even managed to look elite while doing so . The army slowly left the Radiant Empire . The Third Prince knew that not long after Thunder Yun left the Empire, they were met by harassment attacks from the Ark Continent . Moreover, he heard that those blood lightning javelins were very strong . Although the Third Prince thought otherwise, he was still very careful . Once they reached the border of the Radiant Empire, the Third Prince immediately ordered the army to be alert, especially the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus armies on both sides . On the other hand, Thunder Yun was at the rear observing the Third Prince s actions . After some time he sighed and said, Fei er, what do think the Third Prince s reaction would be after the attack After hearing no reply, Thunder Yun turned his head to look only to see another Thunder Clan person and not Fei er . Then he remembered that he had sent Fei er off to send a letter . After seeing the Giant that wasn t Fei er, Thunder Yun sighed and stopped talking . Once the Third Prince gave his order, his facial expression turned into excitement as he looked to both sides of the army . He wanted to know what attacks these Ark Continent people really have . Sure enough, the Ark Continent didn t disappoint him . It didn t take a long time before a cavalry unit appeared on one side . These Cavalry units didn t attack the Barbarian cavalry nor Winged Pegasus cavalry . Instead, it headed directly to the Center army . The Third Prince s face flushed, his held his breath as he looked at the incoming cavalry attack . That team of cavalry quickly arrived in front of the Divine Race army and let loose their javelins . This made the Third Prince anxious, he stared at the descending javelins to see how strong they were . The javelin came down quite fast before an explosive sound was heard . Moreover, the explosion threw dust in the air . Once the dust has cleared, the Third Prince couldn t help but be surprised at the result . The attacked Divine Race soldiers had a bewildered expression on their faces as they stood there . They weren t vaporized or even wounded . The attack just managed to dirty their armor and faces .





* * *

Chapter 804 – Playing With You!

A Weak Explosion!

The explosion has prestige and power, but it completely lacked in might . This made the Divine Race dumbfounded . It was just like a midday thunder, just a loud sound but there was no rain .

The Third Prince looked blankly at the dirtied Divine Race soldiers, all of which were standing there looking silly . For a good while, nobody was able to mutter any words .

“Hahaha!” The Third Prince burst into laughter . He has no reason not to laugh, what happened was too funny . “These are the blood lightning beads that Thunder Yun warned me about? Hahaha . Such trash . Only trash like him would be defeated by that attack . ”

The Third Prince was currently full of pride . He didn’t think that the Ark Continent’s attack would actually be this weak . In his opinion, destroying such an enemy would be as easy as turning his own palm .

Thunder Yun, who was at the rear of the army, had also paid attention to what happened . He was similarly staring blankly at the recent explosion . However, Thunder Yun knew that those weren’t the true blood lightning beads . As far as he knew, those javelins were weaker than those in the past by about a hundred times .

When Thunder Yun saw this, his complexion couldn’t help but change, “How can it be that weak? What is Zhao Hai planning to do? Does he want to lure us deep into the continent? I need to warn his Majesty about this . ”





After he said that, Thunder Yun waved his hand and called a messenger over . He looked at the messenger and said, “Tell His Highness the Third Prince that the attack of the Ark Continent aren’t this weak . They are certainly up to something . Ask His Highness to be careful . ”

The messenger nodded before he turned around and walked . But quickly after that, another attack came . And just like before, the javelins only managed to make a loud explosion, no damage was caused whatsoever .

At this time, the messenger arrived at the sword carriage . He gave respects to the carriage’s guards before saying, “General Thunder Yun sent this one to convey a message to His Majesty . ”

The guard looked contemptuously at the messenger before he coldly said, “Wait here . ” Then the guard turned around and walked towards the sword carriage . While he was looking at the guard, the messenger suddenly heard something . A guard whispered to another guard while looking at him, he said, “Those guys were defeated by those weak attacks . Hahaha . What a joke . ”

The other guards replied, “Perhaps they died because of the climate here . Thunder Yun just said that they were killed in the war so that he can gain military merit despite his failure . ”

Then the two of them laughed . Although their voices weren’t loud, they were audible enough to be heard by the messenger . The messenger’s expression immediately sank, then he looked coldly at the two guards .

Before long, the guard that went to the sword carriage came back . He looked at the messenger and said, “The Third Highness is very busy . He doesn’t have the time to see you . If you have something to say, then you can leave it here . If not, then you can leave . ”

The messenger didn’t expect this to be the case, however, he endured the humiliation as he said, “General Thunder Yun asked me to tell the Third Prince that the attack of the Ark Continent aren’t this weak . They certainly have something planned . The General asked His Highness to be careful . ”

The guard gave a halfhearted nod before he said, “Alright, you can leave now . ” The messenger looked at the guard’s reaction as he bitterly clenched his teeth before turning around to leave .





The guard gave a halfhearted nod before he said, “Alright, you can leave now . ” The messenger looked at the guard’s reaction as he bitterly clenched his teeth before turning around to leave .

The messenger was quite familiar with these guards . They were known as the Divine Sword Cavalry Division . They were elite cavalries of the Taurus Continent . Each one of them had God-rank strength . Moreover, their fighting strength were the strongest in the Taurus Continent . One could say that they were the elites among elites .

In the past, when the Taurus Continent was still fighting with the other continents, these cavalry soldiers were very formidable . However, the Taurus Continent was now in a state of peace . Even if a fight came, it would only be something that the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus Armies could deal with . There simply was no reason to dispatch the Divine Sword Cavalry units .

Most of the veterans of this unit had already retired, leaving the division with recruits that haven’t gone to the battlefield before . The reason they became God-ranks was entirely due to practice . Although such an army was still strong, one couldn’t be sure about their true might in the battlefield . When the messenger returned to Thunder Yun’s side, he bowed and said, “General, the Third Prince is said to be very busy . He doesn’t have the time to see me . Because of this, I can only leave a verbal message behind . ”

Thunder Yun understood the meaning of what the messenger said . This made his expression sink . The Third Prince was expressing his stance on not listening to his advice .

Thunder Yun sighed . Although he wanted to do something, he knew that he was unable to do so at this time . His commanding position has been taken away by the Third Prince . In fact, except his own army, he didn’t have any power to command any other troops .

Thunder Yun knew that if he dared to order the rear army, then the Third Prince surely wouldn’t let him off . This made Thunder Yun confused . He didn’t understand why the Third Prince would single him out like this . He remembered that the Third Prince had always been in a good relationship with the Marshal . Why would the Third Prince’s attitude turn into this?

At this time, Zhao Hai was in the Space looking at how the undead were acting a play . They would throw javelins towards the Divine Race army, cause a loud explosion that threw dust in the air, and only managing to dirty the Divine Race .

Zhao Hai knew what’s wrong with the Javelins . Simply, those javelins weren’t equipped blood lightning beads at all . Instead, they were made with the Elves’ stone ball .





Zhao Hai knew what’s wrong with the Javelins . Simply, those javelins weren’t equipped blood lightning beads at all . Instead, they were made with the Elves’ stone ball .

The Elves’ stone ball can explode as well, and their might was quite powerful . In the past, they were enough to cause problems to the Ark Continent’s armies . However, one shouldn’t forget that the Ark Continent only had 3rd to 4th rank soldiers in the past . Causing the same problems to the Divine Race would be impossible .

Zhao Hai had these stone balls made specifically for the Third Prince . He didn’t think that it would be this effective .

After seeing the Divine Race relax as they went forward, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh and said, “This is fantastic . The plan is a success . Now I want to see how that Third Prince would look like once he meets our true attack . ”

Lizzy, who was nearby, smiled and said, “This Third Prince is really interesting . Thunder Yun even sent a messenger over to warn him, but in the end, he turned him away . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Isn’t that better? Right, Lizzy, will Thunder Yun predict our plan?”

Lizzy smiled faintly and said, “He won’t . ” Zhao Hai looked at her and asked, “Why?’

Without waiting for Lizzy to speak, Megan answered, “Because deep inside Thunder Yun is also arrogant . He is still looking down on the Ark Continent . Although he already saw our attacks, he wouldn’t expect that we would attack their camp . He would only think that we would lure them deep into the continent . Hehe, the arrogance of the Divine Race wouldn’t change in a short time . ”

Zhao Hai nodded . No matter what move the Divine Race made, Zhao Hai was already determined to attack the Radiant Empire to get some magic cannons and Goblins .

The attacks were still going on, but for Zhao Hai and the others, this was only a spectacle to joke at . Nothing noteworthy was to be seen here . Instead, they shifted their attention to another place .



Zhao Hai nodded . No matter what move the Divine Race made, Zhao Hai was already determined to attack the Radiant Empire to get some magic cannons and Goblins .

The attacks were still going on, but for Zhao Hai and the others, this was only a spectacle to joke at . Nothing noteworthy was to be seen here . Instead, they shifted their attention to another place .

Naturally, they were looking at the Demons . Now that the Divine Race had made their move, it was inevitable that the Demons would have some changes in their camp . Zhao Hai wanted to look at how the Demons plan to deal with his harassment tactics .

In order to urge the Third Prince to go further, Zhao Hai didn’t use his blood devouring mosquitoes for attack . Although Zhao Hai had been quite busy because of the evacuation of the Ark Continent, he didn’t stop accumulating blood devouring mosquitoes in the Space . Every time the mosquitoes were available, he release them in the Space . Because of this, the number of mosquitoes that Zhao Hai had was extremely astonishing . Perhaps aside from the Demons and the Divine Race, no other group could resist the attack of this group of mosquitoes .

Laura and the others have been relaxing lately . But Laura had found something she can busy herself with, and it was analyzing the Processing Machine . The Processing Machine can make anything, some were pre-designed while some needed custom blueprints . Not only was Laura studying its function, she was also looking into the costs .

Using the Processing Machine costs money . There were things that both the Ark Continent and the Processing Machine can make at the same time frame . The only difference is the overall cost .

Laura was studying which product was better made in the Processing Machine and which were more suited to being made by the Ark Continent .

This study held great significance to them . The Space’s consumption of gold coins was just too absurd . They needed gold for the potions as well as changing the Space’s landscape . It would be impossible for them to go forward without means to acquire more gold . Laura wanted to see which places they could save on costs . Moreover, Laura was also planning to use the Space to conduct trades with the people in the Ark Space .

There were things that were very valuable when sold to the Space’s store but were cheaply made in the Ark Continent, and the same was true for the other way . They could buy things from the Ark Continent for cheap and then sell them to the Space for more money . At the same time, they could also use the Processing Machine to make cheap valuable products and sell them in the Ark Space for a significant markup . This was an extremely lucrative business!

Chapter 804 Playing With You A Weak Explosion The explosion has prestige and power, but it completely lacked in might . This made the Divine Race dumbfounded . It was just like a midday thunder, just a loud sound but there was no rain . The Third Prince looked blankly at the dirtied Divine Race soldiers, all of which were standing there looking silly . For a good while, nobody was able to mutter any words . Hahaha The Third Prince burst into laughter . He has no reason not to laugh, what happened was too funny . These are the blood lightning beads that Thunder Yun warned me about Hahaha . Such trash . Only trash like him would be defeated by that attack . The Third Prince was currently full of pride . He didn t think that the Ark Continent s attack would actually be this weak . In his opinion, destroying such an enemy would be as easy as turning his own palm . Thunder Yun, who was at the rear of the army, had also paid attention to what happened . He was similarly staring blankly at the recent explosion . However, Thunder Yun knew that those weren t the true blood lightning beads . As far as he knew, those javelins were weaker than those in the past by about a hundred times . When Thunder Yun saw this, his complexion couldn t help but change, How can it be that weak What is Zhao Hai planning to do Does he want to lure us deep into the continent I need to warn his Majesty about this . After he said that, Thunder Yun waved his hand and called a messenger over . He looked at the messenger and said, Tell His Highness the Third Prince that the attack of the Ark Continent aren t this weak . They are certainly up to something . Ask His Highness to be careful . The messenger nodded before he turned around and walked . But quickly after that, another attack came . And just like before, the javelins only managed to make a loud explosion, no damage was caused whatsoever . At this time, the messenger arrived at the sword carriage . He gave respects to the carriage s guards before saying, General Thunder Yun sent this one to convey a message to His Majesty . The guard looked contemptuously at the messenger before he coldly said, Wait here . Then the guard turned around and walked towards the sword carriage . While he was looking at the guard, the messenger suddenly heard something . A guard whispered to another guard while looking at him, he said, Those guys were defeated by those weak attacks . Hahaha . What a joke . The other guards replied, Perhaps they died because of the climate here . Thunder Yun just said that they were killed in the war so that he can gain military merit despite his failure . Then the two of them laughed . Although their voices weren t loud, they were audible enough to be heard by the messenger . The messenger s expression immediately sank, then he looked coldly at the two guards . Before long, the guard that went to the sword carriage came back . He looked at the messenger and said, The Third Highness is very busy . He doesn t have the time to see you . If you have something to say, then you can leave it here . If not, then you can leave . The messenger didn t expect this to be the case, however, he endured the humiliation as he said, General Thunder Yun asked me to tell the Third Prince that the attack of the Ark Continent aren t this weak . They certainly have something planned . The General asked His Highness to be careful . The guard gave a halfhearted nod before he said, Alright, you can leave now . The messenger looked at the guard s reaction as he bitterly clenched his teeth before turning around to leave . The messenger was quite familiar with these guards . They were known as the Divine Sword Cavalry Division . They were elite cavalries of the Taurus Continent . Each one of them had God rank strength . Moreover, their fighting strength were the strongest in the Taurus Continent . One could say that they were the elites among elites . In the past, when the Taurus Continent was still fighting with the other continents, these cavalry soldiers were very formidable . However, the Taurus Continent was now in a state of peace . Even if a fight came, it would only be something that the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus Armies could deal with . There simply was no reason to dispatch the Divine Sword Cavalry units . Most of the veterans of this unit had already retired, leaving the division with recruits that haven t gone to the battlefield before . The reason they became God ranks was entirely due to practice . Although such an army was still strong, one couldn t be sure about their true might in the battlefield . When the messenger returned to Thunder Yun s side, he bowed and said, General, the Third Prince is said to be very busy . He doesn t have the time to see me . Because of this, I can only leave a verbal message behind . Thunder Yun understood the meaning of what the messenger said . This made his expression sink . The Third Prince was expressing his stance on not listening to his advice . Thunder Yun sighed . Although he wanted to do something, he knew that he was unable to do so at this time . His commanding position has been taken away by the Third Prince . In fact, except his own army, he didn t have any power to command any other troops . Thunder Yun knew that if he dared to order the rear army, then the Third Prince surely wouldn t let him off . This made Thunder Yun confused . He didn t understand why the Third Prince would single him out like this . He remembered that the Third Prince had always been in a good relationship with the Marshal . Why would the Third Prince s attitude turn into this At this time, Zhao Hai was in the Space looking at how the undead were acting a play . They would throw javelins towards the Divine Race army, cause a loud explosion that threw dust in the air, and only managing to dirty the Divine Race . Zhao Hai knew what s wrong with the Javelins . Simply, those javelins weren t equipped blood lightning beads at all . Instead, they were made with the Elves stone ball . The Elves stone ball can explode as well, and their might was quite powerful . In the past, they were enough to cause problems to the Ark Continent s armies . However, one shouldn t forget that the Ark Continent only had 3rd to 4th rank soldiers in the past . Causing the same problems to the Divine Race would be impossible . Zhao Hai had these stone balls made specifically for the Third Prince . He didn t think that it would be this effective . After seeing the Divine Race relax as they went forward, Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh and said, This is fantastic . The plan is a success . Now I want to see how that Third Prince would look like once he meets our true attack . Lizzy, who was nearby, smiled and said, This Third Prince is really interesting . Thunder Yun even sent a messenger over to warn him, but in the end, he turned him away . Zhao Hai smiled and said, Isn t that better Right, Lizzy, will Thunder Yun predict our plan Lizzy smiled faintly and said, He won t . Zhao Hai looked at her and asked, Why Without waiting for Lizzy to speak, Megan answered, Because deep inside Thunder Yun is also arrogant . He is still looking down on the Ark Continent . Although he already saw our attacks, he wouldn t expect that we would attack their camp . He would only think that we would lure them deep into the continent . Hehe, the arrogance of the Divine Race wouldn t change in a short time . Zhao Hai nodded . No matter what move the Divine Race made, Zhao Hai was already determined to attack the Radiant Empire to get some magic cannons and Goblins . The attacks were still going on, but for Zhao Hai and the others, this was only a spectacle to joke at . Nothing noteworthy was to be seen here . Instead, they shifted their attention to another place . Naturally, they were looking at the Demons . Now that the Divine Race had made their move, it was inevitable that the Demons would have some changes in their camp . Zhao Hai wanted to look at how the Demons plan to deal with his harassment tactics . In order to urge the Third Prince to go further, Zhao Hai didn t use his blood devouring mosquitoes for attack . Although Zhao Hai had been quite busy because of the evacuation of the Ark Continent, he didn t stop accumulating blood devouring mosquitoes in the Space . Every time the mosquitoes were available, he release them in the Space . Because of this, the number of mosquitoes that Zhao Hai had was extremely astonishing . Perhaps aside from the Demons and the Divine Race, no other group could resist the attack of this group of mosquitoes . Laura and the others have been relaxing lately . But Laura had found something she can busy herself with, and it was analyzing the Processing Machine . The Processing Machine can make anything, some were pre designed while some needed custom blueprints . Not only was Laura studying its function, she was also looking into the costs . Using the Processing Machine costs money . There were things that both the Ark Continent and the Processing Machine can make at the same time frame . The only difference is the overall cost . Laura was studying which product was better made in the Processing Machine and which were more suited to being made by the Ark Continent . This study held great significance to them . The Space s consumption of gold coins was just too absurd . They needed gold for the potions as well as changing the Space s landscape . It would be impossible for them to go forward without means to acquire more gold . Laura wanted to see which places they could save on costs . Moreover, Laura was also planning to use the Space to conduct trades with the people in the Ark Space . There were things that were very valuable when sold to the Space s store but were cheaply made in the Ark Continent, and the same was true for the other way . They could buy things from the Ark Continent for cheap and then sell them to the Space for more money . At the same time, they could also use the Processing Machine to make cheap valuable products and sell them in the Ark Space for a significant markup . This was an extremely lucrative business





* * *

Chapter 805 – Have A Chat

When Zhao Hai first heard that Laura wanted to do this, he persuaded her to do otherwise . It wasn’t useful . In any case, the things produced by the Space at this point was already very valuable . There’s no need to study the little things, their supply of gold coins would still mount up regardless .

However, Laura insisted that she do this . In the end, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything more . He knew that Laura was just looking for something to do, she didn’t like idling around .

Berry and Ruyen had found themselves going along with Laura in the past few days . They weren’t interested in matters of war . Therefore, Zhao Hai just left them to do their own thing .

A day passed by and the Divine Race army was still advancing . Moreover, they had already occupied three cities in the first day . They were almost caught up to Thunder Yun’s progress in the past .

Zhao Hai didn’t carry any large scale attack on this Divine Race Army . He was aware that his real targets were the Radiant Empire as well as the Demons .

On the second day, the Demon Race finally moved . Under the leadership of the Demon King, an army of 40 million Demons set out towards the Ark Continent .

Zhao Hai looked at the 40 million strong Demon Race Army . With his attention mostly focused on the Death Qi army .

The Demons were fully prepared this time . They were plenty of archers as well as powerful crossbows in their army . Moreover, surrounding the army were countless Demon scouts .





Zhao Hai noticed something peculiar, both the Demons and the Divine Race were completely lacking when it came tom cavalry units . The majority of Demons have wings, allowing them flight, hence they didn’t need to use cavalry units . At the same time, a fully grown Divine would reach 9th rank, which also allowed them to fly .

However, Zhao Hai believed that it wasn’t because they didn’t care about cavalry, but instead because they lacked proper mounts . The magic beasts of the Divine Realm were very strong . And it was precisely because of this strength that people found it hard to tame them . Because of this, most people were unable to get mounts for themselves . In this case, forming a cavalry unit would be very difficult . The same situation applied to the Demon Race .

On the other hand, the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people were special . These two races were predominantly cavalry . The Elites that they had sent out were all cavalry units . Needless to say, the mounts of the Winged Pegasus people were the winged pegasus . These winged pegasus can fly, so it wasn’t weird for them to be made into mounts . What made Zhao Hai confused were the Barbarian people .

The mounts of the Barbarians were their rhinoceros beasts . Although this magic beast was powerful, one could see at a glance that they were innately unable to fly . However, all of the Elite Barbarian Cavalry were actually on top of 9th rank rhinoceros beasts . This surprised Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai had the Space, so it wouldn’t be strange for him to be abundant when it came to 9th rank beasts . But for the Barbarians, how could they amass such high numbers of 9th rank beasts?

Later on, Zhao Hai called the undead Barbarian King and found out that the Barbarian’s way of advancing was the same as the Diamond Apes . Like the Diamond Apes, advancement in cultivation needed to be made alongside their beast companion . This made it harder for them to progress, the same was true for the Barbarians .

If a Barbarian wanted to increase their strength, then they would need to do so alongside their magic beast . Promoting their strength on their own was very difficult, close to impossible .

The he called Winged Pegasus Zhan over and asked about the Winged Pegasus people . Once the Divine Race conquered the Winged Pegasus race, it should be understandable for them to snatch the winged pegasus mounts and use them for themselves . However, Zhao Hai noticed the lack of cavalry units among the Divine Race army even with this arrangement . Only after asking Zhan about it did Zhao Hai finally understood . The winged pegasus couldn’t be used by anyone . Only when a person had the blood of a Winged Pegasus clansman would the winged pegasus agree to be mounted . Because of this, even if the Divine Race had conquered the Winged Pegasus Clan, they were still unable to use the mounts for themselves .

After hearing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh and think about the mysteries of creation . It was fortunate that Zhao Hai had the Space . The winged pegasus that the Space brought up didn’t have the problem . Anyone can ride the Space’s winged pegasus as long as Zhao Hai agreed to it .

Although the Demons didn’t have any mounts, most of them had wings, so they weren’t strangers to flight . This can be seen on the scouts that the Great Demon King had sent out, all of them were extremely fast fliers .





Although the Demons didn’t have any mounts, most of them had wings, so they weren’t strangers to flight . This can be seen on the scouts that the Great Demon King had sent out, all of them were extremely fast fliers .

Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Race and sighed . To be honest, he couldn’t find himself truly hating on the Demons . In Zhao Hai’s mind, the Demons had reasonable reason to conquer the Ark Continent . And since the Demons hadn’t done excessive things upon arriving, Zhao Hai couldn’t really hate on them .

But not hating on them doesn’t mean that they would just be left on their own . Zhao Hai understood that the Demons just wanted to have a good life . However, Zhao Hai wasn’t a saint . If you march on his home, intending to snatch the place where his family lives in, then prepare to face retaliation .

At this time, Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy and said, “Lizzy, go drag the Divine Race for two days . We’ll deal with the Demons first . I want to have a chat with the Great Demon King . ”

Lizzy frowned when she heard this, she said, “Chat? Big Brother Hai, do you think you can convince the Demons to retreat?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m not that naive . However, the situation changed . The Demons are unaware of the Underworld’s connection to the Ark Continent . I want to try and give him this information to see if they wanted to stop their advance . ”

Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai before she nodded and said, “Alright . But Brother Hai, I urge you to not get your hopes too high . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s going to be fine . ” Then Zhao Hai’s body flashed as he went out of the Space . This time he didn’t bring Shue and the others .

As the Demons advanced forward, their scouts were carefully examining their path . The scouts that the Great Demon King had brought were the elites of their class . Their speed was fast, moreover, they were unlike the Divine Race, they didn’t underestimate the people from the Ark Continent . The Demons would always do everything at their full power, no matter who their enemies were .

As the scouts went on, one of them suddenly noticed a black spot on the horizon . As the scout stared, he quickly saw what the black spot was . It was a person wearing a Dark Mage’s robe . And this person was stepping on a blood red sword .





As the scouts went on, one of them suddenly noticed a black spot on the horizon . As the scout stared, he quickly saw what the black spot was . It was a person wearing a Dark Mage’s robe . And this person was stepping on a blood red sword .

The Demon couldn’t help but stare blankly at the approaching person . When the person drew nearer, the scout can finally identify who it was . It was the Demon Race’s biggest enemy, Zhao Hai .

The Demon scout immediately became afraid as he prepared to turn around and run . But at this time, Zhao Hai opened his mouth and said, “Demon Race friend, wait . This Zhao Hai wants you to convey his words to the Great Demon King . Please tell his Majesty that this Zhao Hai wants to have a chat with him . ”

Zhao Hai inspected the Demon scout . This scout was different compared to the Vile Demons . This Demon had a face but his body was just like a vulture . He was tall and slender, his neck was naked but at its base there was a swathe of feathers, looking just like a scarf . He had azure black feathers that had a metallic luster . He also had a bare tail, two strong looking claws, and two axe like wings that spanned about 10 meters from tip to tip .

The Demon couldn’t help but stare blankly at Zhao Hai . He looked at the scout calmly and smiled, “Please send my message . ”

The Demon looked at Zhao Hai for quite some time before he looked at the sword Zhao Hai was steppin on . Then after that, he turned around and flew .

Zhao Hai had always thought of cruising the skies on top of a flying sword . He had long envied those Chinese stories where a character would step on a flying sword and enjoyed the freedom between the heaven and the earth . Because of this, Zhao Hai deliberately transformed his staff into this flying sword .

The Demon scout quickly returned to the army and went directly towards the Great Demon King’s chariot . He went to a group of Death Qi warriors and said, “Please send word . Demon Vulture Division’s Third Squad member Luo is seeking audience with the Great Demon King . ”

The Death Qi soldier looked at the Demon Vulture and with his cold voice he asked, “What do you want to say . Have you found the Ark Continent’s troops?”

The Vulture Demon doesn’t want to send the wrong message, so he shook his head and said, “We haven’t . However, this one has been blocked by Zhao Hai himself . He had me send a message saying that he wanted to have a chat with His Majesty the Great Demon King . ”

Upon hearing the Vulture Demon, the Death Qi soldier couldn’t help but knit his brows . Then he nodded and said, “Wait here . ” Then he turned around and flew towards the Devil’s War Chariot .



The Vulture Demon doesn’t want to send the wrong message, so he shook his head and said, “We haven’t . However, this one has been blocked by Zhao Hai himself . He had me send a message saying that he wanted to have a chat with His Majesty the Great Demon King . ”

Upon hearing the Vulture Demon, the Death Qi soldier couldn’t help but knit his brows . Then he nodded and said, “Wait here . ” Then he turned around and flew towards the Devil’s War Chariot .

The Great Demon King was currently sitting inside his chariot . The contents of his table was the same as before, two side dishes and a bottle of liquor .

At this time a knock was heard, then a voice came, “Your Majesty, a Demon Vulture Scout has sent a message . He said that Zhao Hai had sent word that he wanted to have a chat with you . ”

The Great Demon King stared, he stood up and then opened the chariot’s door . The soldier gave his respects to the Great Demon King before he said, “Your Majesty, the Demon Vulture Division’s Third Squad Member Luo came said that Zhao Hai stopped him only to have him send a message that he wanted to have a talk with you . ”

The Great Demon King knit his brows and said, “He wants to chat? Interesting . Go and call Demon Vulture Luo . I want to personally ask him about this matter . ”

The soldier complied and the turned around to leave . Before long, Demon Vulture Luo appeared by the side of the Great Demon King’s chariot . When Demon Vulture Luo saw the Great Demon King, he immediately lowered his head and gave a salute, “This one has seen Your Majesty . ”

The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Are you sure it is Zhao Hai?”

Demon Vulture Luo nodded and said, “Replying to His Majesty . From what I saw in the official document, it is indeed Zhao Hai . However, he didn’t have his undead along with him . Instead, he was stepping on a blood red sword that was floating in midair . ”

Chapter 805 Have A Chat When Zhao Hai first heard that Laura wanted to do this, he persuaded her to do otherwise . It wasn t useful . In any case, the things produced by the Space at this point was already very valuable . There s no need to study the little things, their supply of gold coins would still mount up regardless . However, Laura insisted that she do this . In the end, Zhao Hai didn t say anything more . He knew that Laura was just looking for something to do, she didn t like idling around . Berry and Ruyen had found themselves going along with Laura in the past few days . They weren t interested in matters of war . Therefore, Zhao Hai just left them to do their own thing . A day passed by and the Divine Race army was still advancing . Moreover, they had already occupied three cities in the first day . They were almost caught up to Thunder Yun s progress in the past . Zhao Hai didn t carry any large scale attack on this Divine Race Army . He was aware that his real targets were the Radiant Empire as well as the Demons . On the second day, the Demon Race finally moved . Under the leadership of the Demon King, an army of 40 million Demons set out towards the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai looked at the 40 million strong Demon Race Army . With his attention mostly focused on the Death Qi army . The Demons were fully prepared this time . They were plenty of archers as well as powerful crossbows in their army . Moreover, surrounding the army were countless Demon scouts . Zhao Hai noticed something peculiar, both the Demons and the Divine Race were completely lacking when it came tom cavalry units . The majority of Demons have wings, allowing them flight, hence they didn t need to use cavalry units . At the same time, a fully grown Divine would reach 9th rank, which also allowed them to fly . However, Zhao Hai believed that it wasn t because they didn t care about cavalry, but instead because they lacked proper mounts . The magic beasts of the Divine Realm were very strong . And it was precisely because of this strength that people found it hard to tame them . Because of this, most people were unable to get mounts for themselves . In this case, forming a cavalry unit would be very difficult . The same situation applied to the Demon Race . On the other hand, the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people were special . These two races were predominantly cavalry . The Elites that they had sent out were all cavalry units . Needless to say, the mounts of the Winged Pegasus people were the winged pegasus . These winged pegasus can fly, so it wasn t weird for them to be made into mounts . What made Zhao Hai confused were the Barbarian people . The mounts of the Barbarians were their rhinoceros beasts . Although this magic beast was powerful, one could see at a glance that they were innately unable to fly . However, all of the Elite Barbarian Cavalry were actually on top of 9th rank rhinoceros beasts . This surprised Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai had the Space, so it wouldn t be strange for him to be abundant when it came to 9th rank beasts . But for the Barbarians, how could they amass such high numbers of 9th rank beasts Later on, Zhao Hai called the undead Barbarian King and found out that the Barbarian s way of advancing was the same as the Diamond Apes . Like the Diamond Apes, advancement in cultivation needed to be made alongside their beast companion . This made it harder for them to progress, the same was true for the Barbarians . If a Barbarian wanted to increase their strength, then they would need to do so alongside their magic beast . Promoting their strength on their own was very difficult, close to impossible . The he called Winged Pegasus Zhan over and asked about the Winged Pegasus people . Once the Divine Race conquered the Winged Pegasus race, it should be understandable for them to snatch the winged pegasus mounts and use them for themselves . However, Zhao Hai noticed the lack of cavalry units among the Divine Race army even with this arrangement . Only after asking Zhan about it did Zhao Hai finally understood . The winged pegasus couldn t be used by anyone . Only when a person had the blood of a Winged Pegasus clansman would the winged pegasus agree to be mounted . Because of this, even if the Divine Race had conquered the Winged Pegasus Clan, they were still unable to use the mounts for themselves . After hearing this, Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh and think about the mysteries of creation . It was fortunate that Zhao Hai had the Space . The winged pegasus that the Space brought up didn t have the problem . Anyone can ride the Space s winged pegasus as long as Zhao Hai agreed to it . Although the Demons didn t have any mounts, most of them had wings, so they weren t strangers to flight . This can be seen on the scouts that the Great Demon King had sent out, all of them were extremely fast fliers . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Race and sighed . To be honest, he couldn t find himself truly hating on the Demons . In Zhao Hai s mind, the Demons had reasonable reason to conquer the Ark Continent . And since the Demons hadn t done excessive things upon arriving, Zhao Hai couldn t really hate on them . But not hating on them doesn t mean that they would just be left on their own . Zhao Hai understood that the Demons just wanted to have a good life . However, Zhao Hai wasn t a saint . If you march on his home, intending to snatch the place where his family lives in, then prepare to face retaliation . At this time, Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy and said, Lizzy, go drag the Divine Race for two days . We ll deal with the Demons first . I want to have a chat with the Great Demon King . Lizzy frowned when she heard this, she said, Chat Big Brother Hai, do you think you can convince the Demons to retreat Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I m not that naive . However, the situation changed . The Demons are unaware of the Underworld s connection to the Ark Continent . I want to try and give him this information to see if they wanted to stop their advance . Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai before she nodded and said, Alright . But Brother Hai, I urge you to not get your hopes too high . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, It s going to be fine . Then Zhao Hai s body flashed as he went out of the Space . This time he didn t bring Shue and the others . As the Demons advanced forward, their scouts were carefully examining their path . The scouts that the Great Demon King had brought were the elites of their class . Their speed was fast, moreover, they were unlike the Divine Race, they didn t underestimate the people from the Ark Continent . The Demons would always do everything at their full power, no matter who their enemies were . As the scouts went on, one of them suddenly noticed a black spot on the horizon . As the scout stared, he quickly saw what the black spot was . It was a person wearing a Dark Mage s robe . And this person was stepping on a blood red sword . The Demon couldn t help but stare blankly at the approaching person . When the person drew nearer, the scout can finally identify who it was . It was the Demon Race s biggest enemy, Zhao Hai . The Demon scout immediately became afraid as he prepared to turn around and run . But at this time, Zhao Hai opened his mouth and said, Demon Race friend, wait . This Zhao Hai wants you to convey his words to the Great Demon King . Please tell his Majesty that this Zhao Hai wants to have a chat with him . Zhao Hai inspected the Demon scout . This scout was different compared to the Vile Demons . This Demon had a face but his body was just like a vulture . He was tall and slender, his neck was naked but at its base there was a swathe of feathers, looking just like a scarf . He had azure black feathers that had a metallic luster . He also had a bare tail, two strong looking claws, and two axe like wings that spanned about 10 meters from tip to tip . The Demon couldn t help but stare blankly at Zhao Hai . He looked at the scout calmly and smiled, Please send my message . The Demon looked at Zhao Hai for quite some time before he looked at the sword Zhao Hai was steppin on . Then after that, he turned around and flew . Zhao Hai had always thought of cruising the skies on top of a flying sword . He had long envied those Chinese stories where a character would step on a flying sword and enjoyed the freedom between the heaven and the earth . Because of this, Zhao Hai deliberately transformed his staff into this flying sword . The Demon scout quickly returned to the army and went directly towards the Great Demon King s chariot . He went to a group of Death Qi warriors and said, Please send word . Demon Vulture Division s Third Squad member Luo is seeking audience with the Great Demon King . The Death Qi soldier looked at the Demon Vulture and with his cold voice he asked, What do you want to say . Have you found the Ark Continent s troops The Vulture Demon doesn t want to send the wrong message, so he shook his head and said, We haven t . However, this one has been blocked by Zhao Hai himself . He had me send a message saying that he wanted to have a chat with His Majesty the Great Demon King . Upon hearing the Vulture Demon, the Death Qi soldier couldn t help but knit his brows . Then he nodded and said, Wait here . Then he turned around and flew towards the Devil s War Chariot . The Great Demon King was currently sitting inside his chariot . The contents of his table was the same as before, two side dishes and a bottle of liquor . At this time a knock was heard, then a voice came, Your Majesty, a Demon Vulture Scout has sent a message . He said that Zhao Hai had sent word that he wanted to have a chat with you . The Great Demon King stared, he stood up and then opened the chariot s door . The soldier gave his respects to the Great Demon King before he said, Your Majesty, the Demon Vulture Division s Third Squad Member Luo came said that Zhao Hai stopped him only to have him send a message that he wanted to have a talk with you . The Great Demon King knit his brows and said, He wants to chat Interesting . Go and call Demon Vulture Luo . I want to personally ask him about this matter . The soldier complied and the turned around to leave . Before long, Demon Vulture Luo appeared by the side of the Great Demon King s chariot . When Demon Vulture Luo saw the Great Demon King, he immediately lowered his head and gave a salute, This one has seen Your Majesty . The Great Demon King nodded and said, Are you sure it is Zhao Hai Demon Vulture Luo nodded and said, Replying to His Majesty . From what I saw in the official document, it is indeed Zhao Hai . However, he didn t have his undead along with him . Instead, he was stepping on a blood red sword that was floating in midair .





* * *

Chapter 806 – The Great Demon King Meets Zhao Hai

Normally, the last detail would be insignificant . However, when the Great Demon King heard it, his expression couldn’t help but change . He looked at the Demon Vulture and said, “Did you really see Zhao Hai stepping on a flying sword? Not something else?”

Demon Vulture Luo was given a scare when he saw the Great Demon King’s change in expression . He quickly replied, “Replying to His Majesty . This one has indeed seen a blood red sword . But that sword was somewhat different compared to the ones we use . That sword had a tassel trailing behind it .

Upon hearing Vulture Luo’s answer, the Great Demon King’s expression changed once more . Then he said, “Alright, you can go back . ” Demon Vulture Luo gave a bow before turning around to leave .

When Demon Vulture left, the Great Demon King immediately gave command, “Stop the army . Call Demon Dragon over . ” Then the guard outside complied and went on to transmit the orders .

The Great Demon King stood in front of his carriage door, looking into the distant skies as he muttered, “Is he one of them? That’s impossible!”

Before long the Demon Dragon king arrived by the chariot . He gave the Great Demon King a salute before saying, “Your Majesty, you called for me . ”

The Great Demon King nodded, then he said, “Zhao Hai just sent someone to tell me that he wanted to have a chat . I’ve stopped the army and will hand temporary authority to you . I will be going first to meet Zhao Hai . ”

When he heard the Great Demon King, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but stare . Then his complexion changed as he said, “Your Majesty, I ask you to think about it once more . Zhao Hai is strong, and his schemes cannot be counted . Your Majesty, this is too dangerous . ”





The Great Demon King shook his head and said, “You don’t understand . When the scout came to give his report, he also told me that Zhao Hai was riding on top of a flying sword . And that this sword has a different style to those we generally use . ”

When he heard the Great Demon King, the Demon Dragon King stared, then he whispered, “Your Majesty, you suspect him to be… . . ”

The Great Demon King nodded, “Correct . Because of this, I need to meet Zhao Hai . Don’t worry, although Zhao Hai is strong, I’m quite formidable myself . ” This time, the Demon Dragon King didn’t stop him . Then the Great Demon King turned his head to the chariot’s driver and said, “Go forward . ”

As soon as he heard that, the driver raised his hand and whipped the elephant-type magic beasts, urging the carriage to go forward . Before long, the carriage has left the army behind .

Zhao Hai was currently standing on his flying sword that the blood ghost staff transformed to . He felt that standing on a flying sword did indeed feel very good . The breeze brushing on his face while the clouds fluttered around him .

Before long, block spots were seen in the distance . These black spots became bigger and bigger as its figure was clearly seen, it was the Great Demon King’s carriage . What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that the Great Demon King didn’t bring any escort along with him .

Zhao Hai stood calmly on his flying sword as the Devil’s War Chariot got closer and closer . It didn’t take too long before the chariot stopped in front of Zhao Hai . Then the chariot’s door opened as the Great Demon King appeared . He looked at Zhao Hai before shifting his gaze on the flying sword by Zhao Hai’s foot . His eyes shone a flash of light before he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I heard that Mister Zhao Hai wanted to chat with me . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I do indeed have something to discuss with Your Majesty the Great Demon King . I have some information that may interest you . ”

The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai’s eyes, then he smiled and said, “Alright, then how about you come in and we talk about it inside?” The Great Demon King wanted to see if Zhao Hai had the courage to accept his invitation .





The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai’s eyes, then he smiled and said, “Alright, then how about you come in and we talk about it inside?” The Great Demon King wanted to see if Zhao Hai had the courage to accept his invitation .

Zhao Hai just gave a smile and said, “Since Your Majesty is inviting me, then how could I decline?” Then his figure moved and appeared in front of the door as he gave the Great Demon King a salute .

The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai with interest, then he smiled faintly and said, “Mister, come in . ” Then him and Zhao Hai entered the chariot .

When he went in the chariot, Zhao Hai looked around for a moment and didn’t say anything . Then he followed the Great Demon King to his table before sitting on the opposite side . The Great Demon King took his bottle of liquor and poured a glass for Zhao Hai and then for himself . He raised his glass towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, cheers . ”

Zhao Hai raised his glass as well and said, “Your Majesty, cheers . ” Then the two of them downed their liquor in one go . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Mister is really something else . Not only did you enter my chariot, you even drank wine with me . Not a lot of people were as carefree as you . You have my admiration . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty overpraises me . This one just believes that Your Majesty wouldn’t poison the wine . You don’t want to get rid of me at this time . ”

The Great Demon King stared, then he said, “Oh, Mister is quite confident . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I am . Your Majesty should be aware that I am the supporting pillar of the Ark Continent . If I were to disappear, then the Ark Continent is finished . Because of this, you wouldn’t deal with me prematurely . I am still quite useful for the Demons . ”

The Great Demon King laughed and said, “But just as mister said, you are the pillar of the Ark Continent . Wouldn’t it be great if I kill you right now?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That would be an average person’s thinking . However, Your Majesty isn’t an average person . Your Majesty has another enemy aside from me, the Divine Race . Since Your Majesty has yet to deal with them, then you would want to keep me alive as long as possible . This would allow me and the Divine Race to wound each other, giving the Demons great profits for cheap work . ”





Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That would be an average person’s thinking . However, Your Majesty isn’t an average person . Your Majesty has another enemy aside from me, the Divine Race . Since Your Majesty has yet to deal with them, then you would want to keep me alive as long as possible . This would allow me and the Divine Race to wound each other, giving the Demons great profits for cheap work . ”

The Great Demon King smiled and didn’t say anything more . However, this was a signal that he agreed . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and said, “I came to meet Your Majesty in order to tell you something . I believe Your Majesty will change the Demon Race’s plan upon hearing it . ”

The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai . He had no clue what Zhao Hai was about to tell him . Zhao Hai smiled and then continued, “I think Your Majesty has already received information about the Ark Continent preparing to migrate . Am I correct?”

The Great Demon King’s pupils couldn’t help but shrink when he heard this, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Did mister deliberately send this information out?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No . People under Demonic influence has just been found by me recently . I came to know from them about you receiving information . And that information is true . ”

The Great Demon King knit his brows, he looked at Zhao Hai, urging him to go on . Zhao Hai then said, “I’ll be honest to Your Majesty . The Ark Continent’s invaders not only comprise of the Demons and the Divine Race . There is another strong group that appeared . They are the main reason why I had the entire continent migrate . ”

The Great Demon King was frowning as he listened to Zhao Hai . He wasn’t sure whether Zhao Hai was telling the truth or not . If what Zhao Hai said was real, and a new enemy has appeared on the continent, then migration was a valid move . The only question about this was; where did the Ark Continent’s residents migrate?

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King’s expression then he said, “After repelling both the Demons and the Divine Race, an accident happened in the Ark Continent’s Northern Icefield . I had been there before because I needed to retrieve the Beastmen’s Beast God’s Spear . Because of that I’ve become quite familiar with the place, there were almost no living creatures there, and the temperature is very low, completely not suitable for living in . Due to my prior experience in the icefield, I completely disregarded it when the Demons and the Divine Race came . In my opinion, the icefield was even the safest place in the Ark Continent . ”

The Great Demon King nodded, he believed what Zhao Hai said . He was also aware about the Northern Icefield’s situation . He had read the same information from their people in the Continent . They even went on to explore the place for some time . They wanted to take a look whether it was suitable for the Blood Void formation . But in the end, they left disappointed, there were no living beings there to be used as sacrifice .

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and continued, “After knowing that something happened in the icefield, I immediately went there to investigate . At that point, the icefield was covered in a dark mist, in it were large quantities of undead . Fortunately, I’m a Dark Mage . So I captured some undead and turned them into my subordinate before asking them about their origin . ” After speaking this, Zhao Hai looked into the eyes of the earnestly listening Great Demon King before he said, “These undead came from the Underworld!”



The Great Demon King nodded, he believed what Zhao Hai said . He was also aware about the Northern Icefield’s situation . He had read the same information from their people in the Continent . They even went on to explore the place for some time . They wanted to take a look whether it was suitable for the Blood Void formation . But in the end, they left disappointed, there were no living beings there to be used as sacrifice .

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and continued, “After knowing that something happened in the icefield, I immediately went there to investigate . At that point, the icefield was covered in a dark mist, in it were large quantities of undead . Fortunately, I’m a Dark Mage . So I captured some undead and turned them into my subordinate before asking them about their origin . ” After speaking this, Zhao Hai looked into the eyes of the earnestly listening Great Demon King before he said, “These undead came from the Underworld!”

The Great Demon King’s complexion changed when he heard this . He gave a long stare at Zhao Hai . who gave him a nod and said, “Your Majesty, you haven’t heard it wrong . The undead came from the underworld . A spatial rift is currently at the Northern Icefield, and it leads directly towards the Underworld . ”

The Great Demon King stood up and made some steps back and forth . After some time he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Did the Underworld open the spatial rift? Or did they have assistance from other parties?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “There was no help . Although the war had caused the continent to be hectic, there were still three powerful Beastmen tribes left to guard the Icefield, nobody should be able to go through their territories undetected . I suspect this has something to do with the Divine Race’s action . In order to invade the Ark Continent, the Divine Race decided to break the laws of the continent . This caused damage to the Ark Continent’s natural barriers, allowing spatial rifts like the one connected from the Underworld to appear . ”

The Great Demon King’s expression changed once more . Then he sat back on his chair and drank a glass of liquor before he muttered, “I thought this would be an opportunity for the Demon Race . It’s a pity . It seems like the Ark Continent would turn into another Underworld . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and said, “Does Your Majesty believe me? Aren’t you afraid of me deceiving you?”

The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and smiled bitterly, “With Mister’s strength, what’s the use of deceiving me with this? Also, you cannot hide this lie for so long . Wouldn’t we be able to uncover the truth sooner or later?”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Right . Your Majesty, I am not lying . After a period of time, information about the Underworld should reach your ears . I just came here to save you the time . ”

The Great Demon King looked straight at Zhao Hai, after some time he said, “It looks like Mister has already completed the Ark Continent’s migration . Otherwise, you wouldn’t be this carefree right now . ”

Chapter 806 The Great Demon King Meets Zhao Hai Normally, the last detail would be insignificant . However, when the Great Demon King heard it, his expression couldn t help but change . He looked at the Demon Vulture and said, Did you really see Zhao Hai stepping on a flying sword Not something else Demon Vulture Luo was given a scare when he saw the Great Demon King s change in expression . He quickly replied, Replying to His Majesty . This one has indeed seen a blood red sword . But that sword was somewhat different compared to the ones we use . That sword had a tassel trailing behind it . Upon hearing Vulture Luo s answer, the Great Demon King s expression changed once more . Then he said, Alright, you can go back . Demon Vulture Luo gave a bow before turning around to leave . When Demon Vulture left, the Great Demon King immediately gave command, Stop the army . Call Demon Dragon over . Then the guard outside complied and went on to transmit the orders . The Great Demon King stood in front of his carriage door, looking into the distant skies as he muttered, Is he one of them That s impossible Before long the Demon Dragon king arrived by the chariot . He gave the Great Demon King a salute before saying, Your Majesty, you called for me . The Great Demon King nodded, then he said, Zhao Hai just sent someone to tell me that he wanted to have a chat . I ve stopped the army and will hand temporary authority to you . I will be going first to meet Zhao Hai . When he heard the Great Demon King, the Demon Dragon King couldn t help but stare . Then his complexion changed as he said, Your Majesty, I ask you to think about it once more . Zhao Hai is strong, and his schemes cannot be counted . Your Majesty, this is too dangerous . The Great Demon King shook his head and said, You don t understand . When the scout came to give his report, he also told me that Zhao Hai was riding on top of a flying sword . And that this sword has a different style to those we generally use . When he heard the Great Demon King, the Demon Dragon King stared, then he whispered, Your Majesty, you suspect him to be . . The Great Demon King nodded, Correct . Because of this, I need to meet Zhao Hai . Don t worry, although Zhao Hai is strong, I m quite formidable myself . This time, the Demon Dragon King didn t stop him . Then the Great Demon King turned his head to the chariot s driver and said, Go forward . As soon as he heard that, the driver raised his hand and whipped the elephant type magic beasts, urging the carriage to go forward . Before long, the carriage has left the army behind . Zhao Hai was currently standing on his flying sword that the blood ghost staff transformed to . He felt that standing on a flying sword did indeed feel very good . The breeze brushing on his face while the clouds fluttered around him . Before long, block spots were seen in the distance . These black spots became bigger and bigger as its figure was clearly seen, it was the Great Demon King s carriage . What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that the Great Demon King didn t bring any escort along with him . Zhao Hai stood calmly on his flying sword as the Devil s War Chariot got closer and closer . It didn t take too long before the chariot stopped in front of Zhao Hai . Then the chariot s door opened as the Great Demon King appeared . He looked at Zhao Hai before shifting his gaze on the flying sword by Zhao Hai s foot . His eyes shone a flash of light before he looked at Zhao Hai and said, I heard that Mister Zhao Hai wanted to chat with me . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I do indeed have something to discuss with Your Majesty the Great Demon King . I have some information that may interest you . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai s eyes, then he smiled and said, Alright, then how about you come in and we talk about it inside The Great Demon King wanted to see if Zhao Hai had the courage to accept his invitation . Zhao Hai just gave a smile and said, Since Your Majesty is inviting me, then how could I decline Then his figure moved and appeared in front of the door as he gave the Great Demon King a salute . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai with interest, then he smiled faintly and said, Mister, come in . Then him and Zhao Hai entered the chariot . When he went in the chariot, Zhao Hai looked around for a moment and didn t say anything . Then he followed the Great Demon King to his table before sitting on the opposite side . The Great Demon King took his bottle of liquor and poured a glass for Zhao Hai and then for himself . He raised his glass towards Zhao Hai and said, Mister, cheers . Zhao Hai raised his glass as well and said, Your Majesty, cheers . Then the two of them downed their liquor in one go . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, Mister is really something else . Not only did you enter my chariot, you even drank wine with me . Not a lot of people were as carefree as you . You have my admiration . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Your Majesty overpraises me . This one just believes that Your Majesty wouldn t poison the wine . You don t want to get rid of me at this time . The Great Demon King stared, then he said, Oh, Mister is quite confident . Zhao Hai nodded and said, I am . Your Majesty should be aware that I am the supporting pillar of the Ark Continent . If I were to disappear, then the Ark Continent is finished . Because of this, you wouldn t deal with me prematurely . I am still quite useful for the Demons . The Great Demon King laughed and said, But just as mister said, you are the pillar of the Ark Continent . Wouldn t it be great if I kill you right now Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, That would be an average person s thinking . However, Your Majesty isn t an average person . Your Majesty has another enemy aside from me, the Divine Race . Since Your Majesty has yet to deal with them, then you would want to keep me alive as long as possible . This would allow me and the Divine Race to wound each other, giving the Demons great profits for cheap work . The Great Demon King smiled and didn t say anything more . However, this was a signal that he agreed . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and said, I came to meet Your Majesty in order to tell you something . I believe Your Majesty will change the Demon Race s plan upon hearing it . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai . He had no clue what Zhao Hai was about to tell him . Zhao Hai smiled and then continued, I think Your Majesty has already received information about the Ark Continent preparing to migrate . Am I correct The Great Demon King s pupils couldn t help but shrink when he heard this, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, Did mister deliberately send this information out Zhao Hai shook his head and said, No . People under Demonic influence has just been found by me recently . I came to know from them about you receiving information . And that information is true . The Great Demon King knit his brows, he looked at Zhao Hai, urging him to go on . Zhao Hai then said, I ll be honest to Your Majesty . The Ark Continent s invaders not only comprise of the Demons and the Divine Race . There is another strong group that appeared . They are the main reason why I had the entire continent migrate . The Great Demon King was frowning as he listened to Zhao Hai . He wasn t sure whether Zhao Hai was telling the truth or not . If what Zhao Hai said was real, and a new enemy has appeared on the continent, then migration was a valid move . The only question about this was where did the Ark Continent s residents migrate Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King s expression then he said, After repelling both the Demons and the Divine Race, an accident happened in the Ark Continent s Northern Icefield . I had been there before because I needed to retrieve the Beastmen s Beast God s Spear . Because of that I ve become quite familiar with the place, there were almost no living creatures there, and the temperature is very low, completely not suitable for living in . Due to my prior experience in the icefield, I completely disregarded it when the Demons and the Divine Race came . In my opinion, the icefield was even the safest place in the Ark Continent . The Great Demon King nodded, he believed what Zhao Hai said . He was also aware about the Northern Icefield s situation . He had read the same information from their people in the Continent . They even went on to explore the place for some time . They wanted to take a look whether it was suitable for the Blood Void formation . But in the end, they left disappointed, there were no living beings there to be used as sacrifice . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and continued, After knowing that something happened in the icefield, I immediately went there to investigate . At that point, the icefield was covered in a dark mist, in it were large quantities of undead . Fortunately, I m a Dark Mage . So I captured some undead and turned them into my subordinate before asking them about their origin . After speaking this, Zhao Hai looked into the eyes of the earnestly listening Great Demon King before he said, These undead came from the Underworld The Great Demon King s complexion changed when he heard this . He gave a long stare at Zhao Hai . who gave him a nod and said, Your Majesty, you haven t heard it wrong . The undead came from the underworld . A spatial rift is currently at the Northern Icefield, and it leads directly towards the Underworld . The Great Demon King stood up and made some steps back and forth . After some time he looked at Zhao Hai and said, Did the Underworld open the spatial rift Or did they have assistance from other parties Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, There was no help . Although the war had caused the continent to be hectic, there were still three powerful Beastmen tribes left to guard the Icefield, nobody should be able to go through their territories undetected . I suspect this has something to do with the Divine Race s action . In order to invade the Ark Continent, the Divine Race decided to break the laws of the continent . This caused damage to the Ark Continent s natural barriers, allowing spatial rifts like the one connected from the Underworld to appear . The Great Demon King s expression changed once more . Then he sat back on his chair and drank a glass of liquor before he muttered, I thought this would be an opportunity for the Demon Race . It s a pity . It seems like the Ark Continent would turn into another Underworld . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and said, Does Your Majesty believe me Aren t you afraid of me deceiving you The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and smiled bitterly, With Mister s strength, what s the use of deceiving me with this Also, you cannot hide this lie for so long . Wouldn t we be able to uncover the truth sooner or later Zhao Hai laughed and said, Right . Your Majesty, I am not lying . After a period of time, information about the Underworld should reach your ears . I just came here to save you the time . The Great Demon King looked straight at Zhao Hai, after some time he said, It looks like Mister has already completed the Ark Continent s migration . Otherwise, you wouldn t be this carefree right now .





* * *

Chapter 807 – Eye of Truth

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and smiled, “Your Majesty guessed it right . I didn’t explicitly tell you but the entire Ark Continent’s population had already been moved . Moreover, it’s a place much better than the Ark Continent . ”

The Great Demon King faintly smiled and didn’t speak anything else . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and couldn’t help but smile as well, then he said, “To be honest, I don’t really feel any hatred for the Demon Race . The Demons invaded the Ark Continent just to have a better life, nobody can judge you for that . You are different from the Divine Race, they just want to invade for the sake of conquest, you don’t . ”

The Great Demon King raised an eyebrow, Zhao Hai continued, “I don’t know if Your Majesty is interested about this, but this happened in a previous battle with the Divine Race . In that fight, the Divine Race performed a summoning . But who would’ve thought that the one they summoned was a person? He was called Deity by the Divine Race . And it wasn’t the actual person, but just a projection of his true self . ”

When the Great Demon King heard Zhao Hai, his complexion couldn’t help but change . He couldn’t hide the anxiety on his eyes . Upon seeing this reaction, Zhao Hai thought that he might have hit something .

Earlier, Zhao Hai had discovered the Great Demon King’s interest in the flying sword . This interest wasn’t due to curiosity, it was something different . What puzzled Zhao Hai was the hint of anger on the Great Demon King’s eyes .





How could one be angry at a sword? Because of this, Zhao Hai believed that the Great Demon King might have known something, or may even hate a person with a sword like that . The flying sword Zhao Hai chose to model his blood red sword belonged to Lu Wei . In other words, the Great Demon King knew Lu Wei judging by his reaction .

Because of this, Zhao Hai spoke a few words as a test, and he didn’t expect that it would actually yield results . It was clear that the Great Demon King was interested in this topic .

Zhao Hai didn’t hide anything, he looked at the Great Demon King and said, “I ate some losses under that man’s hand . But fortunately, I had some methods of my own, defeating him in the end . I also used a secret technique to find the origin of that man . ”

The more he listened to Zhao Hai, the more the Great Demon King became startled . Upon hearing that Zhao Hai knew of that person’s origin, the Great Demon King couldn’t sit still, his two shining eyes looked straight into Zhao Hai as he said, “Can mister tell me?”

Zhao Hai replied, “Before telling Your Majesty, may I know why you are interested in that person? I’ll just let you know, there is no bad blood between the Demons and the Ark Continent . In the future, if I were given the choice to fight with the Demons or not, then I’d rather not . After all, we’ve already left the Ark Continent behind . On the other hand, the Divine Race used their blood sacrifice to invade the Ark Continent . I couldn’t let the Divine Race off lightly . At this point, I couldn’t be considered to be Your Majesty’s enemy . ”

The Great Demon King looked deeply into Zhao Hai’s eyes, after some time he nodded and said, “Just as mister said, there is no true hatred between the Demons and the Ark Continent . There’s no reason to fight with each other anymore . However, Mister needs to assure me that what you’ll say would get my interest . Otherwise, you can’t blame me for getting angry . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I can guarantee my own words, Your Majesty . You won’t be disappointed, instead, you might find it good . ”





Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I can guarantee my own words, Your Majesty . You won’t be disappointed, instead, you might find it good . ”

The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai before he sighed and said, “I hope so . Mister might not know, but the life of a Demon is quite long . Among the people in Ark Continent, I’m afraid only the Elves would compare to our lifespans . Because of this, every Great Demon King reigns for a very long time . And when a Demon ascends to being a Great Demon King, the Demon God would manifest himself to offer blessing to the new Great Demon King . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he was already aware of this from asking Cai’er . At that time, he needed a deeper understanding of the Demon Race, he needed to know their customs and lifestyles .

The Great Demon King didn’t know what Zhao Hai’s nod meant . He thought it might be because he was listening . So the Great Demon King continued, “When I ascended to the throne, the Demon God showed his image . At that time, I was very excited, after all I was receiving the Demon God’s blessing . ”

Zhao Hai understood the Great Demon King . It was the same thing for a successor who believes in a Deity . When they suddenly become the Ruler and receives the blessing of their god, it was normal to feel excitement .

It was at this point that the Great Demon King’s tone changed, “However, I didn’t think that I would see something different . Not a single Demon in the Demon Realm knew that I have a divergent ability . The name of the ability is “Eye of Truth” . All illusions and magic are useless under my gaze . I haven’t told anyone about this, thus, nobody knew . ”

Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but light up . He looked at the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, is the Demon God’s appearance different from what you expected?”





Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but light up . He looked at the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, is the Demon God’s appearance different from what you expected?”

The Great Demon King nodded, “This is why I’m interested in what mister will say . Just as Mister said, the Demon God’s appearance was different than what I thought . The Demon God should look like that, but what I saw was not . ” Then he pointed to a big painting by the wall . Zhao Hai turned to look at the portrait of the Demon God and then nodded .

The Great Demon King continued, “Although he manifested in the form of the Demon God, his appearance changed in my eyes . He turned into a person wearing a long robe, an attire completely different to those found in the Demon Realm, Divine Realm, or even the Ark Continent . It’s something I haven’t seen before . Most importantly, that person was just a projection attached to a tiny pagoda . In other words, the Demon God that we’ve worshipped all this time, was completely fake!”

As he spoke the last sentence, the Great Demon King crushed the glass on his hand . One could see the obvious agitation in his actions . Then the Great Demon King cleaned his table before continuing, “At that time, a suspicion arose inside me . However, I didn’t disclose this information, allowing me to smoothly assume the position of Great Demon King . After that, the projection vanished from thin air . But I clearly saw that the projection went into the tiny pagoda before flying away into the skies . After I ascended the throne, I tried my best to find clues . In the end, I finally found one in our Demon Race’s Great Demon God statue . ”

Zhao Hai listened to the Great Demon King’s tale with interest . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “That Great Demon God’s statue was said to be an unsurpassed treasure of the Demon Race . According to legend, the Demon God bestowed that statue to the Demon Race . However, I found that inside the statue was a magical formation that was constantly running!”

Zhao Hai suddenly gained clarity . He had always been confused, if the Ark Continent was a minor plane that belonged to a major plane, of which belonged to Lu Wei, then how does he collect faith power? It was obvious that he wouldn’t collect it personally . Now Zhao Hai knew, it was because of that magic formation .

The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai, seemingly aware of what Zhao Hai was thinking about . The Great Demon King couldn’t help but ask, “Mister, did something come to mind?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I did think of something . But first I need to tell Your Majesty about the person the Divine Race summoned . From what Your Majesty described, that person looked just like what you’ve seen . I have a portrait of that person here, please take a look . ” Then Zhao Hai turned his hand and took out a piece of paper . This paper had a picture made by the Space showing the exact image of Lu Wei .



The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai, seemingly aware of what Zhao Hai was thinking about . The Great Demon King couldn’t help but ask, “Mister, did something come to mind?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I did think of something . But first I need to tell Your Majesty about the person the Divine Race summoned . From what Your Majesty described, that person looked just like what you’ve seen . I have a portrait of that person here, please take a look . ” Then Zhao Hai turned his hand and took out a piece of paper . This paper had a picture made by the Space showing the exact image of Lu Wei .

The Great Demon King looked at the picture that Zhao Hai took out, his expression immediately changed, “Right, it’s this man . This is the person pretending to be the Demon God . After I had my suspicions, I immediately looked into the records of my clan . I didn’t believe that I’m the only one to have the Eye of Truth . In the end I had found out that every single member of my clan that had the ability all died of unknown causes . There were even two of them who became Great Demon Kings, but they still died . Because of this, I reckoned there was someone who didn’t want our ability to see through something . Fortunately, people with Eyes of Truth had the same eyes as those who don’t . Moreover, since I didn’t tell anyone about it, I was able to survive . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “This person was the one summoned by the Divine Race, and they call him Deity . When he was fighting me, he used weapons one after another . One of which was a sword that looked just like mine, however, his sword was smaller . When I defeated him in the end, I was able to obtain his tower . It looked gloomy at first, but after I refined it, it turned into this form . ” Then Zhao Hai took the tiny pagoda out .

The Great Demon King looked at the Tiny Pagoda and nodded, “Although there were some changes in style, this should be the pagoda that I’ve seen . Mister, do you know anything about him? Who is he? Why does he want to be worshiped?”

Zhao Hai replied, “Your Majesty, don’t worry, I’ll tell you . When the man’s weapons were broken by me, he decided to use his tiny pagoda . The tiny pagoda turned out to have a soul attack . I was almost killed . Fortunately, I was able to subdue the small pagoda . Then I used a secret technique in order to refine the soul within it, allowing me to know the truth . ”

Chapter 807 Eye of Truth Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and smiled, Your Majesty guessed it right . I didn t explicitly tell you but the entire Ark Continent s population had already been moved . Moreover, it s a place much better than the Ark Continent . The Great Demon King faintly smiled and didn t speak anything else . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and couldn t help but smile as well, then he said, To be honest, I don t really feel any hatred for the Demon Race . The Demons invaded the Ark Continent just to have a better life, nobody can judge you for that . You are different from the Divine Race, they just want to invade for the sake of conquest, you don t . The Great Demon King raised an eyebrow, Zhao Hai continued, I don t know if Your Majesty is interested about this, but this happened in a previous battle with the Divine Race . In that fight, the Divine Race performed a summoning . But who would ve thought that the one they summoned was a person He was called Deity by the Divine Race . And it wasn t the actual person, but just a projection of his true self . When the Great Demon King heard Zhao Hai, his complexion couldn t help but change . He couldn t hide the anxiety on his eyes . Upon seeing this reaction, Zhao Hai thought that he might have hit something . Earlier, Zhao Hai had discovered the Great Demon King s interest in the flying sword . This interest wasn t due to curiosity, it was something different . What puzzled Zhao Hai was the hint of anger on the Great Demon King s eyes . How could one be angry at a sword Because of this, Zhao Hai believed that the Great Demon King might have known something, or may even hate a person with a sword like that . The flying sword Zhao Hai chose to model his blood red sword belonged to Lu Wei . In other words, the Great Demon King knew Lu Wei judging by his reaction . Because of this, Zhao Hai spoke a few words as a test, and he didn t expect that it would actually yield results . It was clear that the Great Demon King was interested in this topic . Zhao Hai didn t hide anything, he looked at the Great Demon King and said, I ate some losses under that man s hand . But fortunately, I had some methods of my own, defeating him in the end . I also used a secret technique to find the origin of that man . The more he listened to Zhao Hai, the more the Great Demon King became startled . Upon hearing that Zhao Hai knew of that person s origin, the Great Demon King couldn t sit still, his two shining eyes looked straight into Zhao Hai as he said, Can mister tell me Zhao Hai replied, Before telling Your Majesty, may I know why you are interested in that person I ll just let you know, there is no bad blood between the Demons and the Ark Continent . In the future, if I were given the choice to fight with the Demons or not, then I d rather not . After all, we ve already left the Ark Continent behind . On the other hand, the Divine Race used their blood sacrifice to invade the Ark Continent . I couldn t let the Divine Race off lightly . At this point, I couldn t be considered to be Your Majesty s enemy . The Great Demon King looked deeply into Zhao Hai s eyes, after some time he nodded and said, Just as mister said, there is no true hatred between the Demons and the Ark Continent . There s no reason to fight with each other anymore . However, Mister needs to assure me that what you ll say would get my interest . Otherwise, you can t blame me for getting angry . Zhao Hai nodded and said, I can guarantee my own words, Your Majesty . You won t be disappointed, instead, you might find it good . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai before he sighed and said, I hope so . Mister might not know, but the life of a Demon is quite long . Among the people in Ark Continent, I m afraid only the Elves would compare to our lifespans . Because of this, every Great Demon King reigns for a very long time . And when a Demon ascends to being a Great Demon King, the Demon God would manifest himself to offer blessing to the new Great Demon King . Zhao Hai nodded, he was already aware of this from asking Cai er . At that time, he needed a deeper understanding of the Demon Race, he needed to know their customs and lifestyles . The Great Demon King didn t know what Zhao Hai s nod meant . He thought it might be because he was listening . So the Great Demon King continued, When I ascended to the throne, the Demon God showed his image . At that time, I was very excited, after all I was receiving the Demon God s blessing . Zhao Hai understood the Great Demon King . It was the same thing for a successor who believes in a Deity . When they suddenly become the Ruler and receives the blessing of their god, it was normal to feel excitement . It was at this point that the Great Demon King s tone changed, However, I didn t think that I would see something different . Not a single Demon in the Demon Realm knew that I have a divergent ability . The name of the ability is Eye of Truth . All illusions and magic are useless under my gaze . I haven t told anyone about this, thus, nobody knew . Zhao Hai s eyes couldn t help but light up . He looked at the Great Demon King and said, Your Majesty, is the Demon God s appearance different from what you expected The Great Demon King nodded, This is why I m interested in what mister will say . Just as Mister said, the Demon God s appearance was different than what I thought . The Demon God should look like that, but what I saw was not . Then he pointed to a big painting by the wall . Zhao Hai turned to look at the portrait of the Demon God and then nodded . The Great Demon King continued, Although he manifested in the form of the Demon God, his appearance changed in my eyes . He turned into a person wearing a long robe, an attire completely different to those found in the Demon Realm, Divine Realm, or even the Ark Continent . It s something I haven t seen before . Most importantly, that person was just a projection attached to a tiny pagoda . In other words, the Demon God that we ve worshipped all this time, was completely fake As he spoke the last sentence, the Great Demon King crushed the glass on his hand . One could see the obvious agitation in his actions . Then the Great Demon King cleaned his table before continuing, At that time, a suspicion arose inside me . However, I didn t disclose this information, allowing me to smoothly assume the position of Great Demon King . After that, the projection vanished from thin air . But I clearly saw that the projection went into the tiny pagoda before flying away into the skies . After I ascended the throne, I tried my best to find clues . In the end, I finally found one in our Demon Race s Great Demon God statue . Zhao Hai listened to the Great Demon King s tale with interest . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, That Great Demon God s statue was said to be an unsurpassed treasure of the Demon Race . According to legend, the Demon God bestowed that statue to the Demon Race . However, I found that inside the statue was a magical formation that was constantly running Zhao Hai suddenly gained clarity . He had always been confused, if the Ark Continent was a minor plane that belonged to a major plane, of which belonged to Lu Wei, then how does he collect faith power It was obvious that he wouldn t collect it personally . Now Zhao Hai knew, it was because of that magic formation . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai, seemingly aware of what Zhao Hai was thinking about . The Great Demon King couldn t help but ask, Mister, did something come to mind Zhao Hai nodded and said, I did think of something . But first I need to tell Your Majesty about the person the Divine Race summoned . From what Your Majesty described, that person looked just like what you ve seen . I have a portrait of that person here, please take a look . Then Zhao Hai turned his hand and took out a piece of paper . This paper had a picture made by the Space showing the exact image of Lu Wei . The Great Demon King looked at the picture that Zhao Hai took out, his expression immediately changed, Right, it s this man . This is the person pretending to be the Demon God . After I had my suspicions, I immediately looked into the records of my clan . I didn t believe that I m the only one to have the Eye of Truth . In the end I had found out that every single member of my clan that had the ability all died of unknown causes . There were even two of them who became Great Demon Kings, but they still died . Because of this, I reckoned there was someone who didn t want our ability to see through something . Fortunately, people with Eyes of Truth had the same eyes as those who don t . Moreover, since I didn t tell anyone about it, I was able to survive . Zhao Hai nodded, This person was the one summoned by the Divine Race, and they call him Deity . When he was fighting me, he used weapons one after another . One of which was a sword that looked just like mine, however, his sword was smaller . When I defeated him in the end, I was able to obtain his tower . It looked gloomy at first, but after I refined it, it turned into this form . Then Zhao Hai took the tiny pagoda out . The Great Demon King looked at the Tiny Pagoda and nodded, Although there were some changes in style, this should be the pagoda that I ve seen . Mister, do you know anything about him Who is he Why does he want to be worshiped Zhao Hai replied, Your Majesty, don t worry, I ll tell you . When the man s weapons were broken by me, he decided to use his tiny pagoda . The tiny pagoda turned out to have a soul attack . I was almost killed . Fortunately, I was able to subdue the small pagoda . Then I used a secret technique in order to refine the soul within it, allowing me to know the truth .





* * *













  808: 808

Chapter 808 – Taking the Great Demon King



Bang!



The Great Demon King slammed his palm on the table, smashing it in the process . His two eyes were blood red as he puffed and said, “Mister, are you telling the truth? In the eyes of that immortal cultivator, we’re just a means to get faith power? We’re merely tools?”



Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and didn’t say anything . Although Zhao Hai stayed silent, the Great Demon King understood, what Zhao Hai said was true .



The Great Demon King’s face was pale . Their god was actually just using them to get this faith power . He was currently having a hard time comprehending it right now .



The Great Demon King stood up, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Since mister knew about this, do you have any solutions?”



Zhao Hai nodded, he moved his hand as the table and the glass fragments vanished . In its place was another table with two glasses, several small dishes and a wine pot . Then he invited the Great Demon King to take a drink .



The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai, he stared for a moment before he laughed . He sat down and poured himself a glass of wine before drinking it . He smacked his lips for some time before he said, “Nice Wine . This is much better compared to the ones I drink . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he said, “This liquor has only been made recently . If Your Majesty likes it, I can give you some . ”



The Great Demon King nodded but he didn’t say anything else . Although he looked calm, it was impossible for him to not feel anxious . He wanted to hear Zhao Hai’s plan to deal with the Immortal Cultivator .



Zhao Hai didn’t have the Great Demon King wait for a long time . He ate some dried beef before looking at the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, you should have some understanding with regards to the Ark Continent . The continent is just a minor plane . In the past, no God-rank experts were allowed to stay here . Once an expert reaches God-rank, they would immediately ascend to the Divine Realm . It can be said that the Ark Continent was a subordinate plane to the Divine realm . Am I correct?”



In order to deal with the Ark Continent, the Great Demon King had used a lot of methods in the past few years . This intelligence mission naturally didn’t fail . What Zhao Hai said was correct, and this was also the reason why the Demons decided to take the Ark Continent for themselves . The Ark Continent was a inferior plane compared to the Demon Realm, there should be no problems in conquering it .



Zhao Hai saw that the Great Demon King agreed, then he continued, “I found out from the soul of that Immortal Cultivator that the Demon Realm, the Divine Realm, the Ark Continent, and even the Underworld belong to a major plane . These minor planes can be seen as the rooms on a courtyard that is a major plane . We’re in the same courtyard, but in different rooms . ”



The Great Demon King nodded, when Zhao Hai told him about the immortal cultivator, he already had this guess . Zhao Hai only served to prove his suspicion .



Then Zhao Hai said, “In our planes, the highest degree of cultivation is God-rank . Reaching Saint God would be very difficult, and it might even be possible that Saint Gods ascend to a higher realm . This higher realm might even be the immortal cultivator realm . If we manage to ascend to that world, then naturally we would start out as someone weaker than that immortal cultivator . No matter how angry we are, we still can’t do anything . ”



The Great Demon King kept silent . He knew that Zhao Hai was right . This was just like when ascended God-ranks from the Ark Continent become Demigods in the Divine Realm .



And these Demigods could only be normal soldiers in the Divine Realm . In this manner, how could a newly ascended person from the Ark Continent get enough power? It was simply impossible .



Then Zhao Hai continued, “Your Majesty . You should know that I have transferred the people of the Ark Continent . To tell you the truth, they were transferred to a unique place . And once I ascend to the immortal cultivation realm one day, all of the people from the Ark Continent would ascend along with me . ”



Zhao Hai had said so many things that had shocked the Great Demon King, he looked at Zhao Hai with perfectly round eyes as he said, “Are you lying?”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, I wouldn’t dare . If you want, I can take you there . ”



The Great Demon King laughed and said, “You have the courage to get inside my chariot, so why wouldn’t I come with you? Let’s go . ”



Zhao Hai smiled then he nodded and said, “Then I’ll ask Your Majesty to get ready . We’re going now . ” Then he waved his hand as the two disappeared from the room .



Actually, Zhao Hai’s original plan didn’t include taking the Demon King to the Space . He wanted to convince the Great Demon King that the Ark Continent wasn’t any good because of the Underworld . He would have the Great Demon King stop their plans to attack the Ark Continent so that he can deal wholeheartedly deal with the Divine Race .



However, Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Great Demon King to know something about Lu Wei . In the end, their discussion came to this . Zhao Hai always wanted to bring the Demons to the Space, however, it was just too far-fetched of an ambition . But when the Great Demon King opened up about Lu Wei, Zhao Hai decided to use this opportunity to win the Great Demon King over . This would be equivalent to convincing the entire Demon Race .



Zhao Hai brought the Great Demon King to the Space and took him for a tour . He wanted to relay how good the life of the people from the Ark Continent had been .



They were currently inside the Ark Space, specifically, inside the Buddha Empire . The Great Demon King saw how the Buddha Empire looked like a ghost country back in the Ark Continent . But here, the situation was completely different . Every city had people inside, all of them were evidently happy with their current situation . It was a bustling scene .



Zhao Hai and the Great Demon King were invisible so that nobody could see them .



After their visit to the Ark Space, Zhao Hai brought the Great Demon King to an ordinary Space that nobody lived in . This place had mountains and flowing water . It had an environment not worse than the Ark Space .



Zhao Hai lead the Demon King to the place and toured the scenery . After looking around for some time, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, what do you think about this place?”



The Great Demon King was infatuated, “It’s very nice . Much much better compared to the Demon Realm . It would be great if the Demons could live in a place like this . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “As long as Your Majesty agrees, your people can move in . . ”



The Great Demon King stared, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, you mean?”



Zhao Hai replied, “Your Majesty, to tell you the truth, this place is just like the Ark Space . It is my divergent ability . I can decide who I can let in and who can leave . If Your Majesty wants to settle the Demons here, then it would only be as simple as giving your approval . As long as you agree, then the Demons can live here . ”



The Great Demon King gawked, then his complexion sunk as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What are your conditions?”



To be honest, the Great Demon King was completely captured by the Space . The Demon Realm’s environment was really terrible, anything even a bit better than it would be a blessing to the Demons .



However, the Great Demon King also knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t propose this if he didn’t have any conditions . He doesn’t believe that Zhao Hai was a saint . From the material that he had acquired, this Zhao Hai was a vicious and merciless character .



Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and smiled, “I actually don’t have anything to ask you . Just like I said, I don’t have any deep hatred for the Demons . I can completely understand why the Demons wanted to invade the Ark Continent, you just want to live in a better place . Additionally, if you live here, then I would have one less enemy to worry about . As for the Divine Race army, they wouldn’t survive . I wouldn’t give them this opportunity, I want all of them to be turned into undead!”



The Great Demon King still didn’t believe Zhao Hai . Suddenly, he thought of something, he turned his head at Zhao Hai, and said, “Do you want to use us to gather faith power?”



Zhao Hai laughed out loud, then he said, “Your Majesty, you overthink too much . Faith power? If I hadn’t met that immortal cultivator, I wouldn’t even know what it was . Even now I still couldn’t quite fathom what it is . If you arrive at the Space, I wouldn’t dare ask you to worship me . ”



The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, he still wasn’t convinced, “So there’s no other condition?”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No other reason . Your Majesty can rest assured . You should have seen the life of the people from the Ark Continent . Did I force them to worship me? Did I make a church dedicated to me in their cities?”



The Great Demon King recalled and hadn’t seen any churches in the cities they visited . He couldn’t help but nod and said, “If you promise this, then the Demons will immediately move here . ”



This was Zhao Hai’s turn to be surprised . He looked confused at the Great Demon King, “Your Majesty, did you just agree? Why? Do you believe me?”



The Great Demon King smiled bitterly and said, “It’s not about whether I believe you or not . It’s about something you might not know . It’s about the Underworld . ’



Zhao Hai stared, “Underworld? What’s wrong with the Underworld?”



The Great Demon King forced a smile, then he spoke……



Chapter 808 Taking the Great Demon KingBang The Great Demon King slammed his palm on the table, smashing it in the process . His two eyes were blood red as he puffed and said, Mister, are you telling the truth In the eyes of that immortal cultivator, we re just a means to get faith power We re merely tools Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and didn t say anything . Although Zhao Hai stayed silent, the Great Demon King understood, what Zhao Hai said was true . The Great Demon King s face was pale . Their god was actually just using them to get this faith power . He was currently having a hard time comprehending it right now . The Great Demon King stood up, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, Since mister knew about this, do you have any solutions Zhao Hai nodded, he moved his hand as the table and the glass fragments vanished . In its place was another table with two glasses, several small dishes and a wine pot . Then he invited the Great Demon King to take a drink . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai, he stared for a moment before he laughed . He sat down and poured himself a glass of wine before drinking it . He smacked his lips for some time before he said, Nice Wine . This is much better compared to the ones I drink . Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he said, This liquor has only been made recently . If Your Majesty likes it, I can give you some . The Great Demon King nodded but he didn t say anything else . Although he looked calm, it was impossible for him to not feel anxious . He wanted to hear Zhao Hai s plan to deal with the Immortal Cultivator . Zhao Hai didn t have the Great Demon King wait for a long time . He ate some dried beef before looking at the Great Demon King and said, Your Majesty, you should have some understanding with regards to the Ark Continent . The continent is just a minor plane . In the past, no God rank experts were allowed to stay here . Once an expert reaches God rank, they would immediately ascend to the Divine Realm . It can be said that the Ark Continent was a subordinate plane to the Divine realm . Am I correct In order to deal with the Ark Continent, the Great Demon King had used a lot of methods in the past few years . This intelligence mission naturally didn t fail . What Zhao Hai said was correct, and this was also the reason why the Demons decided to take the Ark Continent for themselves . The Ark Continent was a inferior plane compared to the Demon Realm, there should be no problems in conquering it . Zhao Hai saw that the Great Demon King agreed, then he continued, I found out from the soul of that Immortal Cultivator that the Demon Realm, the Divine Realm, the Ark Continent, and even the Underworld belong to a major plane . These minor planes can be seen as the rooms on a courtyard that is a major plane . We re in the same courtyard, but in different rooms . The Great Demon King nodded, when Zhao Hai told him about the immortal cultivator, he already had this guess . Zhao Hai only served to prove his suspicion . Then Zhao Hai said, In our planes, the highest degree of cultivation is God rank . Reaching Saint God would be very difficult, and it might even be possible that Saint Gods ascend to a higher realm . This higher realm might even be the immortal cultivator realm . If we manage to ascend to that world, then naturally we would start out as someone weaker than that immortal cultivator . No matter how angry we are, we still can t do anything . The Great Demon King kept silent . He knew that Zhao Hai was right . This was just like when ascended God ranks from the Ark Continent become Demigods in the Divine Realm . And these Demigods could only be normal soldiers in the Divine Realm . In this manner, how could a newly ascended person from the Ark Continent get enough power It was simply impossible . Then Zhao Hai continued, Your Majesty . You should know that I have transferred the people of the Ark Continent . To tell you the truth, they were transferred to a unique place . And once I ascend to the immortal cultivation realm one day, all of the people from the Ark Continent would ascend along with me . Zhao Hai had said so many things that had shocked the Great Demon King, he looked at Zhao Hai with perfectly round eyes as he said, Are you lying Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Your Majesty, I wouldn t dare . If you want, I can take you there . The Great Demon King laughed and said, You have the courage to get inside my chariot, so why wouldn t I come with you Let s go . Zhao Hai smiled then he nodded and said, Then I ll ask Your Majesty to get ready . We re going now . Then he waved his hand as the two disappeared from the room . Actually, Zhao Hai s original plan didn t include taking the Demon King to the Space . He wanted to convince the Great Demon King that the Ark Continent wasn t any good because of the Underworld . He would have the Great Demon King stop their plans to attack the Ark Continent so that he can deal wholeheartedly deal with the Divine Race . However, Zhao Hai didn t expect the Great Demon King to know something about Lu Wei . In the end, their discussion came to this . Zhao Hai always wanted to bring the Demons to the Space, however, it was just too far fetched of an ambition . But when the Great Demon King opened up about Lu Wei, Zhao Hai decided to use this opportunity to win the Great Demon King over . This would be equivalent to convincing the entire Demon Race . Zhao Hai brought the Great Demon King to the Space and took him for a tour . He wanted to relay how good the life of the people from the Ark Continent had been . They were currently inside the Ark Space, specifically, inside the Buddha Empire . The Great Demon King saw how the Buddha Empire looked like a ghost country back in the Ark Continent . But here, the situation was completely different . Every city had people inside, all of them were evidently happy with their current situation . It was a bustling scene . Zhao Hai and the Great Demon King were invisible so that nobody could see them . After their visit to the Ark Space, Zhao Hai brought the Great Demon King to an ordinary Space that nobody lived in . This place had mountains and flowing water . It had an environment not worse than the Ark Space . Zhao Hai lead the Demon King to the place and toured the scenery . After looking around for some time, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and said, Your Majesty, what do you think about this place The Great Demon King was infatuated, It s very nice . Much much better compared to the Demon Realm . It would be great if the Demons could live in a place like this . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, As long as Your Majesty agrees, your people can move in . . The Great Demon King stared, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, Mister, you mean Zhao Hai replied, Your Majesty, to tell you the truth, this place is just like the Ark Space . It is my divergent ability . I can decide who I can let in and who can leave . If Your Majesty wants to settle the Demons here, then it would only be as simple as giving your approval . As long as you agree, then the Demons can live here . The Great Demon King gawked, then his complexion sunk as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, What are your conditions To be honest, the Great Demon King was completely captured by the Space . The Demon Realm s environment was really terrible, anything even a bit better than it would be a blessing to the Demons . However, the Great Demon King also knew that Zhao Hai wouldn t propose this if he didn t have any conditions . He doesn t believe that Zhao Hai was a saint . From the material that he had acquired, this Zhao Hai was a vicious and merciless character . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and smiled, I actually don t have anything to ask you . Just like I said, I don t have any deep hatred for the Demons . I can completely understand why the Demons wanted to invade the Ark Continent, you just want to live in a better place . Additionally, if you live here, then I would have one less enemy to worry about . As for the Divine Race army, they wouldn t survive . I wouldn t give them this opportunity, I want all of them to be turned into undead The Great Demon King still didn t believe Zhao Hai . Suddenly, he thought of something, he turned his head at Zhao Hai, and said, Do you want to use us to gather faith power Zhao Hai laughed out loud, then he said, Your Majesty, you overthink too much . Faith power If I hadn t met that immortal cultivator, I wouldn t even know what it was . Even now I still couldn t quite fathom what it is . If you arrive at the Space, I wouldn t dare ask you to worship me . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, he still wasn t convinced, So there s no other condition Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, No other reason . Your Majesty can rest assured . You should have seen the life of the people from the Ark Continent . Did I force them to worship me Did I make a church dedicated to me in their cities The Great Demon King recalled and hadn t seen any churches in the cities they visited . He couldn t help but nod and said, If you promise this, then the Demons will immediately move here . This was Zhao Hai s turn to be surprised . He looked confused at the Great Demon King, Your Majesty, did you just agree Why Do you believe me The Great Demon King smiled bitterly and said, It s not about whether I believe you or not . It s about something you might not know . It s about the Underworld . Zhao Hai stared, Underworld What s wrong with the Underworld The Great Demon King forced a smile, then he spoke





* * *

Chapter 809 – The Demon Realm and the Underworld

The Underworld was a very mysterious place, but that was in the Ark Continent . The Demon Realm actually held some understanding about the Underworld .

One can say that the relationship between the Demon Realm and the Underworld was somewhat similar to the relationship between the Ark Continent and the Divine Realm . The Demon Realm was quite like a subordinate realm of the Underworld but not really a lower realm . If the two realms were to fight, then the Demons weren’t necessarily afraid of the Underworld’s residents .

Because of this, the Demon Realm knew about the Underworld . The Underworld’s strength was very formidable . If the Demons wanted to defeat them, they needed to pay a steep price .

Most importantly, the Great Demon King knew about the Underworld’s dark mist . Although it looked common, it was actually the Underworld’s ultimate weapon .

Not only was the dark mist toxic, it can also turn dead people into undead . The people of the Demon Realm were full of vitality that they can still blow themselves up . This made it hard for Zhao Hai to turn them into undead . However, this wasn’t the same case when it came to the Underworld . Demons who blew themselves up can still be made into lich and ghosts by the dark mist . The Demons weren’t afraid of both the Divine Race and the Ark Continent, but instead, they were terrified of the Underworld . The Underworld was their complete nemesis .

And now, the Underworld had arrived in the Ark Continent . It would take a lot of time and energy in order to repel them . Most importantly, the Demons had also opened a spatial rift . Rifts can be opened easily but closing it would be difficult . If the spatial rift couldn’t be closed, then the creatures of the Underworld would arrive at the Demon Realm soon . With this in mind, the Great Demon King happily agreed to Zhao Hai’s proposition .

Upon hearing the Great Demon King, Zhao Hai finally understood what was up . He looked at the Great Demon King and said, “If Your Majesty agrees, then that would be great . You can enter the Space at any time you want, but I hope you won’t be too anxious about it . It would be best to lead me to the Demon Realm first so that we can transfer those left behind . You and your army will stay here and help me contain the Divine Race . We should also do our best to hide the fact that we had become allies . ”





The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You really won’t forgive them?”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and replied, “Of course . Those people are just from one of the 13 continents of the Divine Realm . But they used blood sacrifice on my people . There’s no way for me to let them go . ”

The Great Demon King took a deep breath, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, I’ll go with your arrangements . However, our matters needed to be prepared as well . I need to go back and take care of it . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “If Your Majesty need to send me information, you can use this . It can directly send word to me . ” Then Zhao Hai took out a bottle . Naturally, it contained a messenger fish .

The Great Demon King looked curiously at the small fish . When Zhao Hai explained its uses, the Great Demon King couldn’t help but be surprised . He didn’t expect a thing like this to exist .

It didn’t take long for the Demon Dragon King to think how useful this thing would be during war . If this thing was present, then relaying commands would be more efficient .

Zhao Hai didn’t give the Great Demon King more time to revel on the fish as he led the Great Demon King to return to his chariot . After the two had sat down, Zhao Hai said, “Your Majesty, since we already arrived at a conclusion, then I won’t extend my stay . I have to go back and arrange things . At the same time, I’ll be dealing with the Divine Race . ”

The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Alright, I have things to take care of as well . I’ll talk to you soon . ”





The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Alright, I have things to take care of as well . I’ll talk to you soon . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then just as he was about to leave, the Great Demon King stopped him, “Mister, wait . I just want to ask . That sword you were stepping on, it looks just like the one I’ve seen on the immortal cultivator . What’s that about?”

When Zhao Hai heard the Great Demon King, he couldn’t help but laugh as he took his blood ghost staff . “This is not a sword . My staff has an ability to transform into many things . I just used the staff to make a flying sword . As you can see, I’m just doing it for fun . ”

The Great Demon King gawked, he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry . The reason he revealed his secrets to Zhao Hai was precisely because of the flying sword . He didn’t think that it was just a prop .

After Zhao Hai bade farewell to the Great Demon King, he immediately returned to the Space . Inside, Laura and the others were waiting for him . After Zhao Hai came back, the women immediately went forward to greet him .

They were also made aware of Zhao Hai’s meeting with the Great Demon King . Because of this, they came here in order to see its progress . They just didn’t expect things to go smoothly .

After Zhao Hai sat down, Laura said, “Brother Hai, I didn’t expect the Great Demon King to accept your proposal that easily . Wasn’t it too easy?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Maybe its just because we don’t understand how important a good environment is to the Demon Race . Berry, am I correct?”

Berry herself was a Demon, so she had the most understanding about how they think among the people here . When she heard Zhao Hai, she quickly nodded and said, “It would be impossible for the people of the Ark Continent to understand just how important a good place was for us Demons . To be honest, I don’t find anything strange about how easily the Great Demon King agreed to Brother Hai’s idea . On the contrary, it would be strange if he declines . In order to live in an environment like the Space, we would do anything, even providing faith power . ”





Berry herself was a Demon, so she had the most understanding about how they think among the people here . When she heard Zhao Hai, she quickly nodded and said, “It would be impossible for the people of the Ark Continent to understand just how important a good place was for us Demons . To be honest, I don’t find anything strange about how easily the Great Demon King agreed to Brother Hai’s idea . On the contrary, it would be strange if he declines . In order to live in an environment like the Space, we would do anything, even providing faith power . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he already knew that the Great Demon King would accept his proposal long before he spoke it . He could clearly see how infatuated the Great Demon King was when looking at the Space .

With the Demon Race’s matter taken care of, another chunk of worry was lifted off of Zhao Hai’s heart . Finally, he can focus on dealing with the Divine Race . At this point, Zhao Hai didn’t care about the Underworld . In any case, those low level undead would just be more manpower to him .

The Underworld was just too big compared to the Ark Continent and only low level undead were could be seen on the parts that were covered with the dark mist . In other words, the Ark Continent was just too small that stronger undead had yet to take notice .

Even so, the Underworld had already occupied the Northern Icefield as well as a third of the Beastmen Prairie .

After discussing the Demons with Laura and the others, Zhao Hai changed the topic to the Divine Race . Zhao Hai looked at the current progress of the Divine Race and discovered that they have gone further than what he expected .

Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy and said, “Lizzy, what’s happened? How could the Divine Race advance this fast? Haven’t you controlled their speed?”

Lizzy smiled faintly and said, “I did . However, I didn’t slow them too much . It would be best for us if they arrive at the Accra Mountains sooner . We can block them there while dispatching troops towards the Radiant Empire . Once they turn back to help, then we’ll hit them seriously . By the time they reach the Empire, they should have lost about 50% of their total numbers . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy as he took a deep breath . Then he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, is it just me or Lizzy has become more and more evil as time passed . I’m a bit afraid now . ”



Lizzy smiled faintly and said, “I did . However, I didn’t slow them too much . It would be best for us if they arrive at the Accra Mountains sooner . We can block them there while dispatching troops towards the Radiant Empire . Once they turn back to help, then we’ll hit them seriously . By the time they reach the Empire, they should have lost about 50% of their total numbers . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy as he took a deep breath . Then he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, is it just me or Lizzy has become more and more evil as time passed . I’m a bit afraid now . ”

Laura giggled . Lizzy didn’t let this go, she went to Zhao Hai and twisted his side . Megan turned her eyes and said, “We learned from you . You’re the most evil one here!”

When Zhao Hai heard this, he sported an angry look and said, “Alright, if I’m evil, then I will show you how bad I can be!” Then he grabbed Megan and threw her over his shoulder as he went inside a room . Laura and the others just giggled, nobody followed .

Laura and the others weren’t jealous, Zhao Hai had treated each of them fairly . Moreover, he was very fond of them . Whatever they wanted to do, Zhao Hai would certainly allow them . If they want something, then Zhao Hai would provide .

There were some people who say that when one’s love becomes too deep, it could make a person disregard their own gains and losses just to be with someone they love . Laura and the others were currently feeling this right now . They only wanted to make Zhao Hai happy, anything else was irrelevant .

Zhao Hai also felt the same for them . Although he was quite busy, his wives were always on his mind . At this point, they were even more important to him compared to the Buda Clan .

Zhao Hai was not the type to pursue longevity, status, or power, becoming a cold and unfeeling person . In his mind, if a person’s most basic feelings were gone, then even if one becomes a god or a fairy or an immortal, what use would life be? What would be the difference between you and a piece of rock? A rock lying there, if one wouldn’t touch it, then it would stay there forever . However, would you envy that rock? No, nobody would envy that rock . It’s because you’re alive, and that was a rock! People who were cold and unfeeling were like this rock, completely lifeless and bland .

Chapter 809 The Demon Realm and the Underworld The Underworld was a very mysterious place, but that was in the Ark Continent . The Demon Realm actually held some understanding about the Underworld . One can say that the relationship between the Demon Realm and the Underworld was somewhat similar to the relationship between the Ark Continent and the Divine Realm . The Demon Realm was quite like a subordinate realm of the Underworld but not really a lower realm . If the two realms were to fight, then the Demons weren t necessarily afraid of the Underworld s residents . Because of this, the Demon Realm knew about the Underworld . The Underworld s strength was very formidable . If the Demons wanted to defeat them, they needed to pay a steep price . Most importantly, the Great Demon King knew about the Underworld s dark mist . Although it looked common, it was actually the Underworld s ultimate weapon . Not only was the dark mist toxic, it can also turn dead people into undead . The people of the Demon Realm were full of vitality that they can still blow themselves up . This made it hard for Zhao Hai to turn them into undead . However, this wasn t the same case when it came to the Underworld . Demons who blew themselves up can still be made into lich and ghosts by the dark mist . The Demons weren t afraid of both the Divine Race and the Ark Continent, but instead, they were terrified of the Underworld . The Underworld was their complete nemesis . And now, the Underworld had arrived in the Ark Continent . It would take a lot of time and energy in order to repel them . Most importantly, the Demons had also opened a spatial rift . Rifts can be opened easily but closing it would be difficult . If the spatial rift couldn t be closed, then the creatures of the Underworld would arrive at the Demon Realm soon . With this in mind, the Great Demon King happily agreed to Zhao Hai s proposition . Upon hearing the Great Demon King, Zhao Hai finally understood what was up . He looked at the Great Demon King and said, If Your Majesty agrees, then that would be great . You can enter the Space at any time you want, but I hope you won t be too anxious about it . It would be best to lead me to the Demon Realm first so that we can transfer those left behind . You and your army will stay here and help me contain the Divine Race . We should also do our best to hide the fact that we had become allies . The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, You really won t forgive them Zhao Hai coldly snorted and replied, Of course . Those people are just from one of the 13 continents of the Divine Realm . But they used blood sacrifice on my people . There s no way for me to let them go . The Great Demon King took a deep breath, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, Alright, I ll go with your arrangements . However, our matters needed to be prepared as well . I need to go back and take care of it . Zhao Hai nodded, If Your Majesty need to send me information, you can use this . It can directly send word to me . Then Zhao Hai took out a bottle . Naturally, it contained a messenger fish . The Great Demon King looked curiously at the small fish . When Zhao Hai explained its uses, the Great Demon King couldn t help but be surprised . He didn t expect a thing like this to exist . It didn t take long for the Demon Dragon King to think how useful this thing would be during war . If this thing was present, then relaying commands would be more efficient . Zhao Hai didn t give the Great Demon King more time to revel on the fish as he led the Great Demon King to return to his chariot . After the two had sat down, Zhao Hai said, Your Majesty, since we already arrived at a conclusion, then I won t extend my stay . I have to go back and arrange things . At the same time, I ll be dealing with the Divine Race . The Great Demon King nodded and said, Alright, I have things to take care of as well . I ll talk to you soon . Zhao Hai nodded, then just as he was about to leave, the Great Demon King stopped him, Mister, wait . I just want to ask . That sword you were stepping on, it looks just like the one I ve seen on the immortal cultivator . What s that about When Zhao Hai heard the Great Demon King, he couldn t help but laugh as he took his blood ghost staff . This is not a sword . My staff has an ability to transform into many things . I just used the staff to make a flying sword . As you can see, I m just doing it for fun . The Great Demon King gawked, he didn t know whether to laugh or cry . The reason he revealed his secrets to Zhao Hai was precisely because of the flying sword . He didn t think that it was just a prop . After Zhao Hai bade farewell to the Great Demon King, he immediately returned to the Space . Inside, Laura and the others were waiting for him . After Zhao Hai came back, the women immediately went forward to greet him . They were also made aware of Zhao Hai s meeting with the Great Demon King . Because of this, they came here in order to see its progress . They just didn t expect things to go smoothly . After Zhao Hai sat down, Laura said, Brother Hai, I didn t expect the Great Demon King to accept your proposal that easily . Wasn t it too easy Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Maybe its just because we don t understand how important a good environment is to the Demon Race . Berry, am I correct Berry herself was a Demon, so she had the most understanding about how they think among the people here . When she heard Zhao Hai, she quickly nodded and said, It would be impossible for the people of the Ark Continent to understand just how important a good place was for us Demons . To be honest, I don t find anything strange about how easily the Great Demon King agreed to Brother Hai s idea . On the contrary, it would be strange if he declines . In order to live in an environment like the Space, we would do anything, even providing faith power . Zhao Hai nodded, he already knew that the Great Demon King would accept his proposal long before he spoke it . He could clearly see how infatuated the Great Demon King was when looking at the Space . With the Demon Race s matter taken care of, another chunk of worry was lifted off of Zhao Hai s heart . Finally, he can focus on dealing with the Divine Race . At this point, Zhao Hai didn t care about the Underworld . In any case, those low level undead would just be more manpower to him . The Underworld was just too big compared to the Ark Continent and only low level undead were could be seen on the parts that were covered with the dark mist . In other words, the Ark Continent was just too small that stronger undead had yet to take notice . Even so, the Underworld had already occupied the Northern Icefield as well as a third of the Beastmen Prairie . After discussing the Demons with Laura and the others, Zhao Hai changed the topic to the Divine Race . Zhao Hai looked at the current progress of the Divine Race and discovered that they have gone further than what he expected . Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy and said, Lizzy, what s happened How could the Divine Race advance this fast Haven t you controlled their speed Lizzy smiled faintly and said, I did . However, I didn t slow them too much . It would be best for us if they arrive at the Accra Mountains sooner . We can block them there while dispatching troops towards the Radiant Empire . Once they turn back to help, then we ll hit them seriously . By the time they reach the Empire, they should have lost about 50 of their total numbers . Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy as he took a deep breath . Then he turned to Laura and said, Laura, is it just me or Lizzy has become more and more evil as time passed . I m a bit afraid now . Laura giggled . Lizzy didn t let this go, she went to Zhao Hai and twisted his side . Megan turned her eyes and said, We learned from you . You re the most evil one here When Zhao Hai heard this, he sported an angry look and said, Alright, if I m evil, then I will show you how bad I can be Then he grabbed Megan and threw her over his shoulder as he went inside a room . Laura and the others just giggled, nobody followed . Laura and the others weren t jealous, Zhao Hai had treated each of them fairly . Moreover, he was very fond of them . Whatever they wanted to do, Zhao Hai would certainly allow them . If they want something, then Zhao Hai would provide . There were some people who say that when one s love becomes too deep, it could make a person disregard their own gains and losses just to be with someone they love . Laura and the others were currently feeling this right now . They only wanted to make Zhao Hai happy, anything else was irrelevant . Zhao Hai also felt the same for them . Although he was quite busy, his wives were always on his mind . At this point, they were even more important to him compared to the Buda Clan . Zhao Hai was not the type to pursue longevity, status, or power, becoming a cold and unfeeling person . In his mind, if a person s most basic feelings were gone, then even if one becomes a god or a fairy or an immortal, what use would life be What would be the difference between you and a piece of rock A rock lying there, if one wouldn t touch it, then it would stay there forever . However, would you envy that rock No, nobody would envy that rock . It s because you re alive, and that was a rock People who were cold and unfeeling were like this rock, completely lifeless and bland .





* * *

Chapter 810 – An Astute Great Demon King

The Third Prince was feeling very proud . He’s currently running free in the Ark Continent . The harassment attacks were simply useless to his army . The Third Prince felt an overwhelming sense of power, he felt like a wargod .

While the Third Prince was feeling good, Thunder Yun’s face was quite ugly to behold . He was currently getting more and more worried . He didn’t know what Zhao Hai was planning . Why would he push them onward? There was surely some plot happening .

As a battlefield veteran, Thunder Yun knew that formidable enemies wouldn’t oversee opportunities to make a move . But at present, he couldn’t understand Zhao Hai’s actions .

Although he had received word about the Ark Continent’s migration, he didn’t care too much about it . In Thunder Yun’s mind, the residents of the continent had nowhere else to go to .

They came from the Ark Continent’s upper Realm, so where would the Ark Continent move? Compared to the Ark Continent, the Divine Realm was more familiar about the planes around it . The Divine Race knew very well that there was no other plane that can accept the Ark Continent’s residents . Therefore, Thunder Yun only gave that report a glance before ignoring it .

In addition to ignoring the report, Thunder Yun was also very disappointed with the enemies that were left . He didn’t understand why the enemy, who had harassed them since the start, would send such out such an information .

Actually, nobody can blame Thunder Yun . In the end, he was still from the Divine Race . They knew too much about the planes around them . Additionally, their pride was deeply ingrained in their bones . They didn’t put Zhao Hai in their eyes, even after suffering such huge losses under his hand .





Since they arrived, they haven’t looked at Zhao Hai as their equal . If they did, then Zhao Hai would’ve had given more problems in dealing with their invasion .

But although Thunder Yun was arrogant, he still had some sense in him to not disregard Zhao Hai . Because of this, he was currently thinking what Zhao Hai was planning . The more he thought about it, the more worried he got . And the more worried he got, the less clear his mind would be . It was a vicious cycle .

At this point, Thunder Yun was hoping for Fei’er to come back and bring him good news . When that happens, he can then make plans accordingly .

However, Fei’er was yet to arrive . Thunder Yun also knew that Fei’er wouldn’t be able to get information this quickly, but he still couldn’t help but worry .

Zhao Hai didn’t know about what Thunder Yun was thinking, he was currently preparing for their attack on the Radiant Empire . At the same time, they were also positioning their people in the Accra Mountains . In fact, Zhao Hai doesn’t need to arrange people in the Accra Mountains, but he still did it since he has nothing else to do right now .

Aside from the Divine Race, Zhao Hai was also paying close attention to the Demon Race . After the Great Demon King arrived back at the army, he immediately issued a retreat . This made Zhao Hai relieved, now he only needed to wait for the message from the Great Demon King .

The Great Demon King was also dealing with this matter with importance . Just like Berry said, the Demon Race’s desire for a better environment was far beyond what Zhao Hai can comprehend .

Although the Demons couldn’t understand the Great Demon King’s intent, they still acquiesced due to their faith towards their king . The army was now going back to Demon City .

When they returned to Demon City, the Great Demon King immediately called all the Demon leaders to his room . Before long, everyone was present inside the residence .





When they returned to Demon City, the Great Demon King immediately called all the Demon leaders to his room . Before long, everyone was present inside the residence .

After the group sat down, the Great Demon King scanned everyone present before he said, “I went to see Zhao Hai and had a long chat with him . ”

This wasn’t a secret . Almost everyone present here were wondering why the Great Demon King stated something obvious .

Then the Great Demon King continued, “I think everyone already knew about the Ark Continent’s mass migration . At that time, I couldn’t make heads about the report, I don’t know whether it was true or not . But after meeting Zhao Hai, I became certain that the information was true . ”

Upon hearing the Great Demon King, the room immediately hummed into action . This news shocked them . The mass migration of the entire Ark Continent was too huge to imagine .

The Demon Dragon King looked at the others before he stood up and said, “Your Majesty, the news being true is fine, but why did Zhao Hai confirm it?”

The Great Demon King nodded and replied, “Besides this information, Zhao Hai also told me another thing . And this is important for us . Zhao Hai told me that in the Ark Continent’s Northern Icefield, a spatial rift appeared . The this spatial rift is connected to the Underworld!

This information was akin to a bomb exploding in the minds of those present . They didn’t expect the Ark Continent to be connected to the Underworld .

The Demons dreaded the Underworld . For a connection to the Underworld to appear in the Ark Continent, this wasn’t good news for the Demon Race .





The Demons dreaded the Underworld . For a connection to the Underworld to appear in the Ark Continent, this wasn’t good news for the Demon Race .

The Demon Dragon King’s expression was ugly to behold, he said, “Your Majesty, can you confirm this news?”

Although the Demon Dragon King held great trust towards the Great Demon King, this information was just too shocking, they needed concrete evidence in order to prove it .

The Great Demon King shook his head and said, “I don’t know whether this is true or not . But confirming this shouldn’t be difficult . At this point, nobody is left in the Ark Continent . So there shouldn’t be any danger in sending the Demon Vulture Division to check it out . With their speed, they should be able to quickly confirm the news . ” The Demon Dragon King held a heavy expression . He knew that if this information was true, then with the Demon Realm being connected to the Ark Continent, the Underworld would soon be crawling towards them .

The Demon Dragon King didn’t delay for a minute as he immediately arranged for some scouts to check the situation . Those inside the hall were still thinking about the report, none of them spoke out .

After the Demon Dragon King was done, the Great Demon King looked at him and said, “Have you arranged it? How long will they take?”

The Demon Dragon King immediately answered, “Your Majesty, they should come back the day after tomorrow . Although they wouldn’t stop midway, the distance was just too far for them to make it in one go . ”

The Great Demon King nodded, then he turned his head towards the others and said, “Go back to your camps . We need to wait for news before I can make a decision . This matter is very important for our Demon Race . Demon Dragon, you stay . Everyone else can leave . ” Then after that, everyone except the Demon Dragon King stood up and gave a salute to the Great King before leaving . Before long, footsteps could be heard outside and it faded into silence .

When nobody else was left, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Actually, I just had you arrange the scouts so that the others can see it . I believe Zhao Hai wouldn’t lie to me . Also, there is one thing left to tell you . ”

The Demon Dragon King replied, “I guessed that as well . Your Majesty, please tell . ”



When nobody else was left, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Actually, I just had you arrange the scouts so that the others can see it . I believe Zhao Hai wouldn’t lie to me . Also, there is one thing left to tell you . ”

The Demon Dragon King replied, “I guessed that as well . Your Majesty, please tell . ”

Then the Great Demon King told the Demon Dragon King about everything he talked with Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King already knew small things about Lu Wei . When the Great Demon King did his investigations, the Demon Dragon King was present . Therefore, the Demon Dragon King didn’t show too much surprise by the news .

After the Great Demon King finished his story, the Demon Dragon King said, “Your Majesty, you mean to tell me that we can move to Zhao Hai’s place later on? Is the place really that great?” The Great Demon King was showing how infatuated he was with the place, then he replied, “It’s great, very great . It’s much better than you can imagine, much better than the Ark Continent . I saw the people from the Ark Continent there as well . Zhao Hai made a place that looked just like the continent . I became quite envious when I saw them . ”

The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Your Majesty’s decision is surely correct . However, we need to take care of this matter delicately . We don’t want an accident to happen in the process . ”

The Great Demon King nodded, “I’m also worried about this point . Because of this, we need to make something up, I need you help with this . The days that the Demons would come out of misery has come . ”

At this point, the Demon Dragon King actually frowned, “Your Majesty, if Zhao Hai is that powerful, then if we enter the Space, how could we assure our safety? We don’t have any leverage for him to take care of us . ”

The Great Demon King gave a faint smile and said, “Zhao Hai is strong, yes, but it’s not like he wouldn’t get any advantage after taking us in . Don’t forget about that thing called faith power . With Zhao Hai’s strength, he would surely ascend to the immortal cultivator realm in the future . This faith power should be very useful to him . As long as we enter the Space and give him faith power, i believe Zhao Hai wouldn’t treat us unfairly . ”

When he heard the Great Demon King, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but frown once more, he said, “Your Majesty, if we do that, then what would be the difference to our current situation?” The Great Demon King immediately replied, “You fool, naturally there are differences . What has that immortal cultivator given us? Our Demon Race had always been living in the Demon Realm, nothing has changed . Also, now that the Underworld appeared, the Demon Realm is placed in peril . Once we move to the Space, then we don’t have to worry about those things anymore . We can just give Zhao Hai faith power in exchange for a much better life . In any case, faith power is completely useless to people like us . ”

Chapter 810 An Astute Great Demon King The Third Prince was feeling very proud . He s currently running free in the Ark Continent . The harassment attacks were simply useless to his army . The Third Prince felt an overwhelming sense of power, he felt like a wargod . While the Third Prince was feeling good, Thunder Yun s face was quite ugly to behold . He was currently getting more and more worried . He didn t know what Zhao Hai was planning . Why would he push them onward There was surely some plot happening . As a battlefield veteran, Thunder Yun knew that formidable enemies wouldn t oversee opportunities to make a move . But at present, he couldn t understand Zhao Hai s actions . Although he had received word about the Ark Continent s migration, he didn t care too much about it . In Thunder Yun s mind, the residents of the continent had nowhere else to go to . They came from the Ark Continent s upper Realm, so where would the Ark Continent move Compared to the Ark Continent, the Divine Realm was more familiar about the planes around it . The Divine Race knew very well that there was no other plane that can accept the Ark Continent s residents . Therefore, Thunder Yun only gave that report a glance before ignoring it . In addition to ignoring the report, Thunder Yun was also very disappointed with the enemies that were left . He didn t understand why the enemy, who had harassed them since the start, would send such out such an information . Actually, nobody can blame Thunder Yun . In the end, he was still from the Divine Race . They knew too much about the planes around them . Additionally, their pride was deeply ingrained in their bones . They didn t put Zhao Hai in their eyes, even after suffering such huge losses under his hand . Since they arrived, they haven t looked at Zhao Hai as their equal . If they did, then Zhao Hai would ve had given more problems in dealing with their invasion . But although Thunder Yun was arrogant, he still had some sense in him to not disregard Zhao Hai . Because of this, he was currently thinking what Zhao Hai was planning . The more he thought about it, the more worried he got . And the more worried he got, the less clear his mind would be . It was a vicious cycle . At this point, Thunder Yun was hoping for Fei er to come back and bring him good news . When that happens, he can then make plans accordingly . However, Fei er was yet to arrive . Thunder Yun also knew that Fei er wouldn t be able to get information this quickly, but he still couldn t help but worry . Zhao Hai didn t know about what Thunder Yun was thinking, he was currently preparing for their attack on the Radiant Empire . At the same time, they were also positioning their people in the Accra Mountains . In fact, Zhao Hai doesn t need to arrange people in the Accra Mountains, but he still did it since he has nothing else to do right now . Aside from the Divine Race, Zhao Hai was also paying close attention to the Demon Race . After the Great Demon King arrived back at the army, he immediately issued a retreat . This made Zhao Hai relieved, now he only needed to wait for the message from the Great Demon King . The Great Demon King was also dealing with this matter with importance . Just like Berry said, the Demon Race s desire for a better environment was far beyond what Zhao Hai can comprehend . Although the Demons couldn t understand the Great Demon King s intent, they still acquiesced due to their faith towards their king . The army was now going back to Demon City . When they returned to Demon City, the Great Demon King immediately called all the Demon leaders to his room . Before long, everyone was present inside the residence . After the group sat down, the Great Demon King scanned everyone present before he said, I went to see Zhao Hai and had a long chat with him . This wasn t a secret . Almost everyone present here were wondering why the Great Demon King stated something obvious . Then the Great Demon King continued, I think everyone already knew about the Ark Continent s mass migration . At that time, I couldn t make heads about the report, I don t know whether it was true or not . But after meeting Zhao Hai, I became certain that the information was true . Upon hearing the Great Demon King, the room immediately hummed into action . This news shocked them . The mass migration of the entire Ark Continent was too huge to imagine . The Demon Dragon King looked at the others before he stood up and said, Your Majesty, the news being true is fine, but why did Zhao Hai confirm it The Great Demon King nodded and replied, Besides this information, Zhao Hai also told me another thing . And this is important for us . Zhao Hai told me that in the Ark Continent s Northern Icefield, a spatial rift appeared . The this spatial rift is connected to the Underworld This information was akin to a bomb exploding in the minds of those present . They didn t expect the Ark Continent to be connected to the Underworld . The Demons dreaded the Underworld . For a connection to the Underworld to appear in the Ark Continent, this wasn t good news for the Demon Race . The Demon Dragon King s expression was ugly to behold, he said, Your Majesty, can you confirm this news Although the Demon Dragon King held great trust towards the Great Demon King, this information was just too shocking, they needed concrete evidence in order to prove it . The Great Demon King shook his head and said, I don t know whether this is true or not . But confirming this shouldn t be difficult . At this point, nobody is left in the Ark Continent . So there shouldn t be any danger in sending the Demon Vulture Division to check it out . With their speed, they should be able to quickly confirm the news . The Demon Dragon King held a heavy expression . He knew that if this information was true, then with the Demon Realm being connected to the Ark Continent, the Underworld would soon be crawling towards them . The Demon Dragon King didn t delay for a minute as he immediately arranged for some scouts to check the situation . Those inside the hall were still thinking about the report, none of them spoke out . After the Demon Dragon King was done, the Great Demon King looked at him and said, Have you arranged it How long will they take The Demon Dragon King immediately answered, Your Majesty, they should come back the day after tomorrow . Although they wouldn t stop midway, the distance was just too far for them to make it in one go . The Great Demon King nodded, then he turned his head towards the others and said, Go back to your camps . We need to wait for news before I can make a decision . This matter is very important for our Demon Race . Demon Dragon, you stay . Everyone else can leave . Then after that, everyone except the Demon Dragon King stood up and gave a salute to the Great King before leaving . Before long, footsteps could be heard outside and it faded into silence . When nobody else was left, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, Actually, I just had you arrange the scouts so that the others can see it . I believe Zhao Hai wouldn t lie to me . Also, there is one thing left to tell you . The Demon Dragon King replied, I guessed that as well . Your Majesty, please tell . Then the Great Demon King told the Demon Dragon King about everything he talked with Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King already knew small things about Lu Wei . When the Great Demon King did his investigations, the Demon Dragon King was present . Therefore, the Demon Dragon King didn t show too much surprise by the news . After the Great Demon King finished his story, the Demon Dragon King said, Your Majesty, you mean to tell me that we can move to Zhao Hai s place later on Is the place really that great The Great Demon King was showing how infatuated he was with the place, then he replied, It s great, very great . It s much better than you can imagine, much better than the Ark Continent . I saw the people from the Ark Continent there as well . Zhao Hai made a place that looked just like the continent . I became quite envious when I saw them . The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, Your Majesty s decision is surely correct . However, we need to take care of this matter delicately . We don t want an accident to happen in the process . The Great Demon King nodded, I m also worried about this point . Because of this, we need to make something up, I need you help with this . The days that the Demons would come out of misery has come . At this point, the Demon Dragon King actually frowned, Your Majesty, if Zhao Hai is that powerful, then if we enter the Space, how could we assure our safety We don t have any leverage for him to take care of us . The Great Demon King gave a faint smile and said, Zhao Hai is strong, yes, but it s not like he wouldn t get any advantage after taking us in . Don t forget about that thing called faith power . With Zhao Hai s strength, he would surely ascend to the immortal cultivator realm in the future . This faith power should be very useful to him . As long as we enter the Space and give him faith power, i believe Zhao Hai wouldn t treat us unfairly . When he heard the Great Demon King, the Demon Dragon King couldn t help but frown once more, he said, Your Majesty, if we do that, then what would be the difference to our current situation The Great Demon King immediately replied, You fool, naturally there are differences . What has that immortal cultivator given us Our Demon Race had always been living in the Demon Realm, nothing has changed . Also, now that the Underworld appeared, the Demon Realm is placed in peril . Once we move to the Space, then we don t have to worry about those things anymore . We can just give Zhao Hai faith power in exchange for a much better life . In any case, faith power is completely useless to people like us .





* * *













  811: 811

Chapter 811 – Showing A Movie?



When the Demon Dragon King heard what the Great Demon King said, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment . But then, he finally understood what the Great Demon King meant . Just as what the Great Demon King said, the Demon God was just a fake, feeding off of the Demon Race’s faith power . Moreover, the Demon God hadn’t given them benefits in exchange for the faith .



On the other hand, Zhao Hai was providing them with a great place to live in, something much better compared to the Demon Realm . At the same time, Zhao Hai was a principled person . If they offer him their faith power, he certainly wouldn’t treat them unfairly .



And most importantly, the Underworld had come creeping in . If they don’t enter Zhao Hai’s Space, then the Underworld would sooner or later clash with the Demon Realm, causing colossal losses to the Demon Race . If they enter the Space, then they would no longer worry about this crisis . For the Demons this was a very huge development .



The more the Demon Dragon King thought about it, the more he thought that it was a good deal . He turned to the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, I also think that this is great for us . We should start our preparations . How does Your Majesty plan to proceed?”



The Great Demon King said, “I’ll think about it after the Demon Vulture comes back with information . You take charge here first as I return back to the Demon Realm and arrange for the relocation . In any case, those left back in the Demon Realm had nothing else to do . You must pay attention and coordinate with Zhao Hai to deal with the Divine Race . Zhao Hai said that he wouldn’t let the Divine Race off, we’ll help him to prove our sincerity . ”



The Demon Dragon King nodded, “i can do it . But we have clashed with Zhao Hai several times in the past . Those with enmity might find it hard to accept it . Your Majesty need to take care of it . ”



The Great Demon King smiled and said, “I’ll take care of that . As long as they enter the Space, that enmity should disappear into thin air . ”



The Demon Dragon King nodded, and after discussing further details, he asked to be excused . On the other hand, the Great Demon King looked at the Demons inside the Ark Continent before sighing in relief .



Zhao Hai wasn’t aware about any of these, however, he was able to see Demon Vultures . He didn’t care about it and just had them look at the Underworld’s arrival . In any case, this would prove that he wasn’t lying, he doesn’t want any bad impressions to stick to him .



Zhao Hai was now ready to confront the Third Prince . It has already been four days after the Third Prince left the Radiant Empire . And in four days, they unexpectedly flew quickly towards the Accra Mountains . One must say that their speed was really quick .



In order for the Divine Race’s advance to be quicker, Zhao Hai stopped the harassment . Although their current arrangement for the harassment had no damage to the Divine Race army, it still slowed them down . Zhao Hai stopped so that their speed would be faster .



Thunder Yun was quite uneasy and had repeatedly persuaded the Third Prince to slow down, but unfortunately for him, the Third Prince was at the peak of his ecstacy . The Third Prince had completely convinced himself that he was a wargod . His arrival actually pushed the Ark Continent’s residents back . Therefore, how could Thunder Yun stop the Third Prince?



While he continued his futile attempts to stop their advance, Thunder Yun also did a good job as the rear army commander . He also added more people to guard their supply line . He never did think that Zhao Hai would plan to attack the Radiant Empire .



The Divine Race had fought in many battles and in many planes, and never did they need to worry about their base being attacked, nobody dared to do so . It was because of this that Thunder Yun made a fatal mistake .



While the army advanced, Thunder Yun sat on his mount, frowning . At this time, Cloud Ying arrived by his side, he was also frowning as he said, “General, what is Zhao Hai planning? Where are the Ark Continent’s soldier? Have they been defeated by the Demons? Otherwise, how come nobody faced us?”



Thunder Yun was also confused, “I also don’t know . But Zhao Hai had always given me a feeling of someone who isn’t easily defeated . Otherwise, he would have already fallen long ago . Go back and inform everyone to prepare for a fight . Zhao Hai is surely planning something big . ”



Cloud Ying nodded before he turned around and left . When Cloud Ying left, Thunder Yun took out a beast skin scroll from his chest . On this scroll was the map of the Buddha Empire . This was something he acquired in the Radiant Empire before .



After looking at the map, Thunder Yun muttered, “We’re quickly approaching Accra Mountains . Did Zhao Hai sacrifice the Buddha Empire? He wouldn’t . ”



As he was thinking about this, the Third Prince’s front army was now able to see the Accra Mountains . The Third Prince was currently sitting inside his sword carriage . The door of the carriage was opened, how was the Third Prince drinking wine on his table . He was alone, looking very free and unfettered .



At this time, a cavalry soldier arrived by his side and said, “Your Highness, the scouts sent a report over . The Ark Continent had made a very solid defense line along the Accra Mountains . Undead creatures were stood above the fortifications, it seems like they are preparing to stop us there . ”



The Third Prince stared before he laughed and said, “These cowardly Ark Continent people had finally decided to face us . Send this order, have the army accelerate, and break through the Accra Mountains in one go . I want to see where these Ark Continent residents hid themselves . ”



The cavalry soldier nodded before he passed the order down . Before long, the army’s speed quickened as they dashed towards Accra Mountains .



These days, the Divine Race hadn’t met a decent attack . This allowed them to feel proud . At this point, they were completely disregarding the people from the Ark Continent .



In their view, this line of defense would be easily broken through . All the proud Divine Race soldiers were rushing forward, turning their formation a bit messy .



Zhao Hai was currently inside the Space, looking at the action made by the Divine Race . He turned his head to Lizzy and said, “These fellows are too impatient, they want to die as soon as possible . Lizzy, is everything prepared?”



Lizzy smiled faintly and said, “Big Brother Hai, rest assured, everything is going according to plan . Look . ” Then Zhao Hai looked back at the monitor and saw a different angle to the operation .



Along the entire defense line were more than 2000 magic cannons with enough crystal stones to power them . There were also blood lightning javelins present . All of these were prepared in order to deal a heavy blow to the Divine Race .



At this time, in the Ark Space, while people were doing their own thing a voice was suddenly heard in the sky, “Brothers and Sisters from the Ark Continent, if you want to see Mister Zhao Hai’s undead battle the Divine Race, then you can go to the center of your city . There, you can see the whole battle . ”



The voice disappeared after sounding out three times . After the people recovered from their blank stares, they immediately rushed over to their respective city squares . Most of them had only heard about the Divine Race . and now they were able to see them battle against the undead . Naturally, all of them were rushing over to spectate .



When the people had arrived in the city square, a transparent light ball suddenly appeared and then stretched into a rectangle shape . This bright rectangle slowly rose up before it stopped .



The bright rectangle showed the situation in the Accra Mountains . There were Undead and magic cannons everywhere .



At this time, the voice came once more, “In the past few days, the Divine Race reinforcements from the Radiant Empire had entered the Buddha Empire . At that time, Mister Zhao Hai didn’t face them in battle, instead, he decided to prepared to meet them in the Accra Mountains . He dragged the army here so that his undead cavalry could attack the Radiant Empire . As you can see, the Divine Race army had come to attack the Accra Mountain . ”



This rectangular display was very big, with each side at least ten meters long .



The image slowly panned across the Accra Mountains, showing the whole defensive line to everyone . Then the voice came, “This is the defensive line we’ve built to block the advance of the Divine Race . ” This description elicited surprise in the crowd .



The Accra Mountain’s defensive line looked like giant dragon that was lying down, once couldn’t describe how magnificent it looked . At times, the voice would describe certain aspects of the defense as exclamation sounded out here and there .



At this time, the image changed as it panned to the distant horizon . On the image, figures were getting more and more . Before long, the crowd finally saw that these figures were in fact Divine Race soldiers .



These soldiers were full silver body armor while they held their weapons in their hands . They were in a formation as they charged towards the Accra Mountains . The imposing manner of the enemy army caused those watching to be speechless .



The scene of the Divine Race was indeed terrifying . When commoners who haven’t seen the battlefield before saw this scene, they were frightened . It was at this point they realized that Zhao Hai had been fighting this army . Their sense of gratitude towards Zhao Hai had also increased .



At this time, the screen showed a red and white lights . These lights went straight towards the Divine Race army . When the red light hit the soldiers, a huge explosion appeared . In every corner of the Divine Race army, these same explosions happen, causing the Divine Race’s formation to be in turmoil .



On the other hand, the white lights froze the Divine Race soldiers . Then as they fell to the ground, they shattered into tiny pieces . Upon seeing the damages caused by the red and white lights, the crowd inside the Ark Space had become breathless .





Chapter 811 Showing A Movie When the Demon Dragon King heard what the Great Demon King said, he couldn t help but stare for a moment . But then, he finally understood what the Great Demon King meant . Just as what the Great Demon King said, the Demon God was just a fake, feeding off of the Demon Race s faith power . Moreover, the Demon God hadn t given them benefits in exchange for the faith . On the other hand, Zhao Hai was providing them with a great place to live in, something much better compared to the Demon Realm . At the same time, Zhao Hai was a principled person . If they offer him their faith power, he certainly wouldn t treat them unfairly . And most importantly, the Underworld had come creeping in . If they don t enter Zhao Hai s Space, then the Underworld would sooner or later clash with the Demon Realm, causing colossal losses to the Demon Race . If they enter the Space, then they would no longer worry about this crisis . For the Demons this was a very huge development . The more the Demon Dragon King thought about it, the more he thought that it was a good deal . He turned to the Great Demon King and said, Your Majesty, I also think that this is great for us . We should start our preparations . How does Your Majesty plan to proceed The Great Demon King said, I ll think about it after the Demon Vulture comes back with information . You take charge here first as I return back to the Demon Realm and arrange for the relocation . In any case, those left back in the Demon Realm had nothing else to do . You must pay attention and coordinate with Zhao Hai to deal with the Divine Race . Zhao Hai said that he wouldn t let the Divine Race off, we ll help him to prove our sincerity . The Demon Dragon King nodded, i can do it . But we have clashed with Zhao Hai several times in the past . Those with enmity might find it hard to accept it . Your Majesty need to take care of it . The Great Demon King smiled and said, I ll take care of that . As long as they enter the Space, that enmity should disappear into thin air . The Demon Dragon King nodded, and after discussing further details, he asked to be excused . On the other hand, the Great Demon King looked at the Demons inside the Ark Continent before sighing in relief . Zhao Hai wasn t aware about any of these, however, he was able to see Demon Vultures . He didn t care about it and just had them look at the Underworld s arrival . In any case, this would prove that he wasn t lying, he doesn t want any bad impressions to stick to him . Zhao Hai was now ready to confront the Third Prince . It has already been four days after the Third Prince left the Radiant Empire . And in four days, they unexpectedly flew quickly towards the Accra Mountains . One must say that their speed was really quick . In order for the Divine Race s advance to be quicker, Zhao Hai stopped the harassment . Although their current arrangement for the harassment had no damage to the Divine Race army, it still slowed them down . Zhao Hai stopped so that their speed would be faster . Thunder Yun was quite uneasy and had repeatedly persuaded the Third Prince to slow down, but unfortunately for him, the Third Prince was at the peak of his ecstacy . The Third Prince had completely convinced himself that he was a wargod . His arrival actually pushed the Ark Continent s residents back . Therefore, how could Thunder Yun stop the Third Prince While he continued his futile attempts to stop their advance, Thunder Yun also did a good job as the rear army commander . He also added more people to guard their supply line . He never did think that Zhao Hai would plan to attack the Radiant Empire . The Divine Race had fought in many battles and in many planes, and never did they need to worry about their base being attacked, nobody dared to do so . It was because of this that Thunder Yun made a fatal mistake . While the army advanced, Thunder Yun sat on his mount, frowning . At this time, Cloud Ying arrived by his side, he was also frowning as he said, General, what is Zhao Hai planning Where are the Ark Continent s soldier Have they been defeated by the Demons Otherwise, how come nobody faced us Thunder Yun was also confused, I also don t know . But Zhao Hai had always given me a feeling of someone who isn t easily defeated . Otherwise, he would have already fallen long ago . Go back and inform everyone to prepare for a fight . Zhao Hai is surely planning something big . Cloud Ying nodded before he turned around and left . When Cloud Ying left, Thunder Yun took out a beast skin scroll from his chest . On this scroll was the map of the Buddha Empire . This was something he acquired in the Radiant Empire before . After looking at the map, Thunder Yun muttered, We re quickly approaching Accra Mountains . Did Zhao Hai sacrifice the Buddha Empire He wouldn t . As he was thinking about this, the Third Prince s front army was now able to see the Accra Mountains . The Third Prince was currently sitting inside his sword carriage . The door of the carriage was opened, how was the Third Prince drinking wine on his table . He was alone, looking very free and unfettered . At this time, a cavalry soldier arrived by his side and said, Your Highness, the scouts sent a report over . The Ark Continent had made a very solid defense line along the Accra Mountains . Undead creatures were stood above the fortifications, it seems like they are preparing to stop us there . The Third Prince stared before he laughed and said, These cowardly Ark Continent people had finally decided to face us . Send this order, have the army accelerate, and break through the Accra Mountains in one go . I want to see where these Ark Continent residents hid themselves . The cavalry soldier nodded before he passed the order down . Before long, the army s speed quickened as they dashed towards Accra Mountains . These days, the Divine Race hadn t met a decent attack . This allowed them to feel proud . At this point, they were completely disregarding the people from the Ark Continent . In their view, this line of defense would be easily broken through . All the proud Divine Race soldiers were rushing forward, turning their formation a bit messy . Zhao Hai was currently inside the Space, looking at the action made by the Divine Race . He turned his head to Lizzy and said, These fellows are too impatient, they want to die as soon as possible . Lizzy, is everything prepared Lizzy smiled faintly and said, Big Brother Hai, rest assured, everything is going according to plan . Look . Then Zhao Hai looked back at the monitor and saw a different angle to the operation . Along the entire defense line were more than 2000 magic cannons with enough crystal stones to power them . There were also blood lightning javelins present . All of these were prepared in order to deal a heavy blow to the Divine Race . At this time, in the Ark Space, while people were doing their own thing a voice was suddenly heard in the sky, Brothers and Sisters from the Ark Continent, if you want to see Mister Zhao Hai s undead battle the Divine Race, then you can go to the center of your city . There, you can see the whole battle . The voice disappeared after sounding out three times . After the people recovered from their blank stares, they immediately rushed over to their respective city squares . Most of them had only heard about the Divine Race . and now they were able to see them battle against the undead . Naturally, all of them were rushing over to spectate . When the people had arrived in the city square, a transparent light ball suddenly appeared and then stretched into a rectangle shape . This bright rectangle slowly rose up before it stopped . The bright rectangle showed the situation in the Accra Mountains . There were Undead and magic cannons everywhere . At this time, the voice came once more, In the past few days, the Divine Race reinforcements from the Radiant Empire had entered the Buddha Empire . At that time, Mister Zhao Hai didn t face them in battle, instead, he decided to prepared to meet them in the Accra Mountains . He dragged the army here so that his undead cavalry could attack the Radiant Empire . As you can see, the Divine Race army had come to attack the Accra Mountain . This rectangular display was very big, with each side at least ten meters long . The image slowly panned across the Accra Mountains, showing the whole defensive line to everyone . Then the voice came, This is the defensive line we ve built to block the advance of the Divine Race . This description elicited surprise in the crowd . The Accra Mountain s defensive line looked like giant dragon that was lying down, once couldn t describe how magnificent it looked . At times, the voice would describe certain aspects of the defense as exclamation sounded out here and there . At this time, the image changed as it panned to the distant horizon . On the image, figures were getting more and more . Before long, the crowd finally saw that these figures were in fact Divine Race soldiers . These soldiers were full silver body armor while they held their weapons in their hands . They were in a formation as they charged towards the Accra Mountains . The imposing manner of the enemy army caused those watching to be speechless . The scene of the Divine Race was indeed terrifying . When commoners who haven t seen the battlefield before saw this scene, they were frightened . It was at this point they realized that Zhao Hai had been fighting this army . Their sense of gratitude towards Zhao Hai had also increased . At this time, the screen showed a red and white lights . These lights went straight towards the Divine Race army . When the red light hit the soldiers, a huge explosion appeared . In every corner of the Divine Race army, these same explosions happen, causing the Divine Race s formation to be in turmoil . On the other hand, the white lights froze the Divine Race soldiers . Then as they fell to the ground, they shattered into tiny pieces . Upon seeing the damages caused by the red and white lights, the crowd inside the Ark Space had become breathless .





* * *

Chapter 812 – The Shocked Third Prince

The Third Prince was blankly looking out front . His hand slowly losing grip on his wine glass . The wine glass finally fell into the table and shattered . But even so, the Third Prince didn’t notice it, his hand was still lifted, as though it still held the glass .

In the Third Prince’s mind, the Accra Mountains should be as easy to break as paper . As long as they push one, then they would definitely break through . But now, it was obvious that they had underestimated the strength of the Ark Continent .

The red and white light came too fast that most of the Divine Race soldiers didn’t even have the time to do protective measures . Sure enough, they were immediately killed .

And that wasn’t the only thing, there were also javelins flying out of the defensive line . Naturally, these javelins weren’t thrown by people, they were fired using ballistas .

There were more ballistas compared to magic cannons in the defense line . This was because ballistas were easier to make than magic cannons . Moreover, people of the continent were using it more . Thus, there were more ballistas already made compared to magic cannons .

In the past, ballistas deal no damage to the Divine Race . Their arrows were simply useless against the Divine Race’s defense .

But now that the blood lightning javelins were made, these ballistas gained their deadly reputation once more . One must know that the ballistas from the Ark Continent were operated differently compared to those found on Earth . What Zhao Hai saw before were armed with one arrow and were pulled by about four to five people, it was quite troublesome to manage .

However, in the Ark Continent, people practice battle qi and magic . This made it possible for one person to use one ballista . Moreover, these ballistas don’t only fire one arrow, they can launch five and it won’t even affect the firing distance .





Since Zhao Hai’s undead were 9th ranks, operating a ballista for them would be extremely easy . In addition to firing five ammunitions, these ammunitions were all blood lightning javelins . Each voller packed an extremely terrifying might .

The DIvine Race soldiers who were about to flood the Accra Mountains were temporarily stunned by the attacks coming from the magic cannons and the ballistas . They can’t help it, the firepower as well as the speed was something they haven’t seen before .

These Divine Race soldiers were too stunned that many of them forgot to establish their Domains . They seem to just be standing there, accepting the baptism of fire .

It was only after some time that they had recovered . But at that point, a round of attacks had already been done . These attacks obliterated ten thousand people, most of them killed by the explosions made by the blood lightning javelins .

At this time, the Third Prince had also recovered . His face was pale as he loudly shouted, “Retreat, retreat, quickly! Everyone retreat! Get away from their firing distance!”

The Third Prince’s frantic response was clearly seen by the people from the Ark Space . The explosions on the battlefield had numbed their hearing . This made those who haven’t experienced it before have an overwhelmed expression .

Needless to say, it would only take one look to see that the Third Prince was an important person in the Divine Race Army . At this moment, a voice came, “The person you see on the screen right now is the Third Prince of the Divine Race . He’s currently the commander of the entire Divine Race Army . ”

People had gradually been used to this voice . They really didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s place to be this magical . Not only could they see the battle outside, they could even hear the sound and have someone provide them with context .

When the Divine Race army slowly retreated and reformed their army, the people from the Ark Space felt relief . Then gasps of shock echoed out from the crowd .





When the Divine Race army slowly retreated and reformed their army, the people from the Ark Space felt relief . Then gasps of shock echoed out from the crowd .

This was the first time that they’ve witnessed a fight in the battlefield this detailed . The intensity of the clash had exceeded their imagination . But no matter what, since Zhao Hai had repelled the Divine Race army, all of them were quite glad .

On the other hand, the Divine Race were feeling the exact opposite The Third Prince looked at the Accra Mountain’s direction before he roared towards his subordinates, “What was that!? Can someone tell me? What just happened!? How could their attacks be that strong?!”

Nobody present dared to speak . In fact, these people were also dumbfounded . The attacks of the Ark Continent was leagues higher than the attacks made from the previous days . Compared to this attack, the attacks days ago was just like a kid’s prank .

The Third Prince kicked his table out of the sword carriage . Then with blood red eyes he turned to a cavalry soldier beside him and said, “Go and get me Thunder Yun . I want to ask him how all of this happened . ” The cavalry soldier nodded before he turned around and left .

Before long, Thunder Yun arrived by the sword carriage, he gave a bow to the Third Prince and said, “Your Highness, might I know why you have called this lowly official over?”

The Third Prince looked at Thunder Yun’s expression and felt that he was being ridiculed . His face couldn’t help but turn ugly, but since he needed to ask something, he chose to refrain from scolding Thunder Yun . He said, “Thunder Yun, I want to know why the Ark Continent’s attacks suddenly became strong . What is this about?”

Thunder Yun looked at the Third Prince and then deeply sighed before giving a reply, “Your Highness, today’s attacks are the normal attacks of the Ark Continent . This lowly official hadn’t met those weak attacks in the past few days . If the Ark Continent had that kind of attack, then this one should’ve already conquered it long time ago . ”

Thunder Yun was telling the truth, but to the Third Prince, it sounded as if he was being scolded . It looks like Thunder Yun was ridiculing his actions .

The Third Prince’s eyes turned red with anger as he frantically shouted at Thunder Yun, “Get lost! Take your face away from here! From now on, I don’t want to see your face!”





The Third Prince’s eyes turned red with anger as he frantically shouted at Thunder Yun, “Get lost! Take your face away from here! From now on, I don’t want to see your face!”

Thunder Yun’s expression darkened, he gave a small snort before he turned around and left . Thunder Yun was a decorated War General . His merits in the battlefield was too many that even the Taurus King would treat him politely . But now, this talentless Prince actually dared to shout at him .

The Third Prince looked at Thunder Yun’s departing back as he clenched his jaws to the point that blue veins were starting to appear on his forehead . He turned towards his people and roared, “Send the order, attack the enemy . I don’t believe that the Divine Race would be stopped by a measy mountain range . Everybody attack immediately! Attack!”

Along with the Third Prince command, the Divine Race army immediately started to attack the Accra Mountain . At the same time, the defenders of the Accra Mountains were also peppering the attacking Divine Race soldiers .

And due to the Third Prince’s anger, he had failed to notice something peculiar . It can be seen that the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus Cavalries weren’t doing their best . At the same time, the defenses of the Ark Continent were also only sending them the minimum amount of attacks . It looked like the three were in a tacit understanding .

The Third Prince didn’t take notice of this as he focused on ordering his army to go all out . The Accra Mountain’s defense line was also something not to be trifled with . The defense’s firepower was fierce, it had unexpectedly suppressed the advancing Divine Race .

When Thunder Yun went back to his rear army, Cloud Ying came to him and said, “General, what did the Third Prince call you for? Is the front army’s attack not doing so well?”

Thunder Yun snorted but didn’t reply, instead he closed his eyes . When Cloud Ying saw Thunder Yun’s action, his mind couldn’t help but turn blank . Then he turned to the guard that accompanied Thunder Yun and asked him in a low voice about what happened .

The guard told him what occured after Thunder Yun and the Third Prince met . When Cloud Ying heard this, his complexion changed as he turned to Thunder Yun and said, “General, this is going too far! What status did you have? Even His Majesty the King would treat you politely . How could you let the Third Prince just scold you?”

Thunder Yun kept closing his eyes and kept silent . Cloud Ying took a deep breath before he added, “General, what is the Ark Continent planning to do? They were weakly attacking in the past few days, but now they actually turned serious . ”



The guard told him what occured after Thunder Yun and the Third Prince met . When Cloud Ying heard this, his complexion changed as he turned to Thunder Yun and said, “General, this is going too far! What status did you have? Even His Majesty the King would treat you politely . How could you let the Third Prince just scold you?”

Thunder Yun kept closing his eyes and kept silent . Cloud Ying took a deep breath before he added, “General, what is the Ark Continent planning to do? They were weakly attacking in the past few days, but now they actually turned serious . ”

Thunder Yun was still closing his eyes refusing to speak . Upon seeing Thunder Yun being unresponsive, Cloud Ying decided to turn silent . It was at this time that Silver Shuke and the others came . And just as the newcomers were about to open their mouths, they were stopped by Cloud Ying . Then Cloud Ying told them about what happened with the Third Prince . Naturally, Silver Shuke and the others also became angry .

Silver Shuke and the others had fought by Thunder Yun’s side for a long time . Their respect for Thunder Yun was quite high, even higher compared to their regard for the King . For a trivial Third Prince to scold their general, it was no wonder that they were enraged .

However, these people didn’t express their anger loudly . They knew that Thunder Yun was keeping silent because he was thinking hard about the situation .

Silver Shuke decided to stay quiet . At this point, Silver Shuke turned to Cloud Ying and said, “Cloud Ying, how come the Ark Continent suddenly went strong once more after attacking weakly in the past few days?”

Cloud Ying frowned and said, “I don’t know . Their previous tactic was quite a headache, so it should have also worked this time, but they didn’t use it . Instead, they fortified the Accra Mountains . It’s quite confusing, if this is what they’ve done, then it can only be said that they were intending to drag us here . ”

It was at this point that Thunder Yun’s eyes opened up, his complexion paled as he said, “Not good! Zhao Hai lured us in to restrain us here . He’s going to attack the Radiant Empire!”

As soon as everyone present heard this, their complexion couldn’t help but pale as well . Their expression showed their disbelief, then Silver Shuke said, “How is that possible? Is Zhao Hai so brave that he would dare attack our main camp?”



Chapter 812 – The Shocked Third Prince.

The Third Prince was blankly looking out front . His hand slowly losing grip on his wine glass . The wine glass finally fell into the table and shattered . But even so, the Third Prince didn’t notice it, his hand was still lifted, as though it still held the glass

In the Third Prince’s mind, the Accra Mountains should be as easy to break as paper . As long as they push one, then they would definitely break through . But now, it was obvious that they had underestimated the strength of the Ark Continent

The red and white light came too fast that most of the Divine Race soldiers didn’t even have the time to do protective measures . Sure enough, they were immediately killed

And that wasn’t the only thing, there were also javelins flying out of the defensive line . Naturally, these javelins weren’t thrown by people, they were fired using ballistas

There were more ballistas compared to magic cannons in the defense line . This was because ballistas were easier to make than magic cannons . Moreover, people of the continent were using it more . Thus, there were more ballistas already made compared to magic cannons

In the past, ballistas deal no damage to the Divine Race . Their arrows were simply useless against the Divine Race’s defense

But now that the blood lightning javelins were made, these ballistas gained their deadly reputation once more . One must know that the ballistas from the Ark Continent were operated differently compared to those found on Earth . What Zhao Hai saw before were armed with one arrow and were pulled by about four to five people, it was quite troublesome to manage

However, in the Ark Continent, people practice battle qi and magic . This made it possible for one person to use one ballista . Moreover, these ballistas don’t only fire one arrow, they can launch five and it won’t even affect the firing distance

Since Zhao Hai’s undead were 9th ranks, operating a ballista for them would be extremely easy . In addition to firing five ammunitions, these ammunitions were all blood lightning javelins . Each voller packed an extremely terrifying might

The DIvine Race soldiers who were about to flood the Accra Mountains were temporarily stunned by the attacks coming from the magic cannons and the ballistas . They can’t help it, the firepower as well as the speed was something they haven’t seen before

These Divine Race soldiers were too stunned that many of them forgot to establish their Domains . They seem to just be standing there, accepting the baptism of fire

It was only after some time that they had recovered . But at that point, a round of attacks had already been done . These attacks obliterated ten thousand people, most of them killed by the explosions made by the blood lightning javelins

At this time, the Third Prince had also recovered . His face was pale as he loudly shouted, “Retreat, retreat, quickly! Everyone retreat! Get away from their firing distance!”.

The Third Prince’s frantic response was clearly seen by the people from the Ark Space . The explosions on the battlefield had numbed their hearing . This made those who haven’t experienced it before have an overwhelmed expression

Needless to say, it would only take one look to see that the Third Prince was an important person in the Divine Race Army . At this moment, a voice came, “The person you see on the screen right now is the Third Prince of the Divine Race . He’s currently the commander of the entire Divine Race Army . ”.

People had gradually been used to this voice . They really didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s place to be this magical . Not only could they see the battle outside, they could even hear the sound and have someone provide them with context

When the Divine Race army slowly retreated and reformed their army, the people from the Ark Space felt relief . Then gasps of shock echoed out from the crowd

This was the first time that they’ve witnessed a fight in the battlefield this detailed . The intensity of the clash had exceeded their imagination . But no matter what, since Zhao Hai had repelled the Divine Race army, all of them were quite glad

On the other hand, the Divine Race were feeling the exact opposite The Third Prince looked at the Accra Mountain’s direction before he roared towards his subordinates, “What was that!? Can someone tell me? What just happened!? How could their attacks be that strong?!”.

Nobody present dared to speak . In fact, these people were also dumbfounded . The attacks of the Ark Continent was leagues higher than the attacks made from the previous days . Compared to this attack, the attacks days ago was just like a kid’s prank

The Third Prince kicked his table out of the sword carriage . Then with blood red eyes he turned to a cavalry soldier beside him and said, “Go and get me Thunder Yun . I want to ask him how all of this happened . ” The cavalry soldier nodded before he turned around and left

Before long, Thunder Yun arrived by the sword carriage, he gave a bow to the Third Prince and said, “Your Highness, might I know why you have called this lowly official over?”.

The Third Prince looked at Thunder Yun’s expression and felt that he was being ridiculed . His face couldn’t help but turn ugly, but since he needed to ask something, he chose to refrain from scolding Thunder Yun . He said, “Thunder Yun, I want to know why the Ark Continent’s attacks suddenly became strong . What is this about?”.

Thunder Yun looked at the Third Prince and then deeply sighed before giving a reply, “Your Highness, today’s attacks are the normal attacks of the Ark Continent . This lowly official hadn’t met those weak attacks in the past few days . If the Ark Continent had that kind of attack, then this one should’ve already conquered it long time ago . ”.

Thunder Yun was telling the truth, but to the Third Prince, it sounded as if he was being scolded . It looks like Thunder Yun was ridiculing his actions

The Third Prince’s eyes turned red with anger as he frantically shouted at Thunder Yun, “Get lost! Take your face away from here! From now on, I don’t want to see your face!”.

Thunder Yun’s expression darkened, he gave a small snort before he turned around and left . Thunder Yun was a decorated War General . His merits in the battlefield was too many that even the Taurus King would treat him politely . But now, this talentless Prince actually dared to shout at him

The Third Prince looked at Thunder Yun’s departing back as he clenched his jaws to the point that blue veins were starting to appear on his forehead . He turned towards his people and roared, “Send the order, attack the enemy . I don’t believe that the Divine Race would be stopped by a measy mountain range . Everybody attack immediately! Attack!”.

Along with the Third Prince command, the Divine Race army immediately started to attack the Accra Mountain . At the same time, the defenders of the Accra Mountains were also peppering the attacking Divine Race soldiers

And due to the Third Prince’s anger, he had failed to notice something peculiar . It can be seen that the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus Cavalries weren’t doing their best . At the same time, the defenses of the Ark Continent were also only sending them the minimum amount of attacks . It looked like the three were in a tacit understanding

The Third Prince didn’t take notice of this as he focused on ordering his army to go all out . The Accra Mountain’s defense line was also something not to be trifled with . The defense’s firepower was fierce, it had unexpectedly suppressed the advancing Divine Race

When Thunder Yun went back to his rear army, Cloud Ying came to him and said, “General, what did the Third Prince call you for? Is the front army’s attack not doing so well?”.

Thunder Yun snorted but didn’t reply, instead he closed his eyes . When Cloud Ying saw Thunder Yun’s action, his mind couldn’t help but turn blank . Then he turned to the guard that accompanied Thunder Yun and asked him in a low voice about what happened

The guard told him what occured after Thunder Yun and the Third Prince met . When Cloud Ying heard this, his complexion changed as he turned to Thunder Yun and said, “General, this is going too far! What status did you have? Even His Majesty the King would treat you politely . How could you let the Third Prince just scold you?”.

Thunder Yun kept closing his eyes and kept silent . Cloud Ying took a deep breath before he added, “General, what is the Ark Continent planning to do? They were weakly attacking in the past few days, but now they actually turned serious . ”.

Thunder Yun was still closing his eyes refusing to speak . Upon seeing Thunder Yun being unresponsive, Cloud Ying decided to turn silent . It was at this time that Silver Shuke and the others came . And just as the newcomers were about to open their mouths, they were stopped by Cloud Ying . Then Cloud Ying told them about what happened with the Third Prince . Naturally, Silver Shuke and the others also became angry

Silver Shuke and the others had fought by Thunder Yun’s side for a long time . Their respect for Thunder Yun was quite high, even higher compared to their regard for the King . For a trivial Third Prince to scold their general, it was no wonder that they were enraged

However, these people didn’t express their anger loudly . They knew that Thunder Yun was keeping silent because he was thinking hard about the situation

Silver Shuke decided to stay quiet . At this point, Silver Shuke turned to Cloud Ying and said, “Cloud Ying, how come the Ark Continent suddenly went strong once more after attacking weakly in the past few days?”.

Cloud Ying frowned and said, “I don’t know . Their previous tactic was quite a headache, so it should have also worked this time, but they didn’t use it . Instead, they fortified the Accra Mountains . It’s quite confusing, if this is what they’ve done, then it can only be said that they were intending to drag us here . ”.

It was at this point that Thunder Yun’s eyes opened up, his complexion paled as he said, “Not good! Zhao Hai lured us in to restrain us here . He’s going to attack the Radiant Empire!”.

As soon as everyone present heard this, their complexion couldn’t help but pale as well . Their expression showed their disbelief, then Silver Shuke said, “How is that possible? Is Zhao Hai so brave that he would dare attack our main camp?”.





* * *

Chapter 813 – Anguish

Thunder Yun’s expression was ugly as he said, “There’s no reason not to . Don’t forget, Zhao Hai’s overall strength isn’t that worse compared to us . Moreover, Zhao Hai is a bold person . We brought a lot of our soldiers this time and left too little . If Zhao Hai wanted to attack the Radiant Empire at this time, then it would surely be dangerous for us . ’

The group’s expression was quite ugly as well . They really hadn’t thought of the possibility of Zhao Hai attacking the Radiant Empire . They thought Zhao Hai wouldn’t have enough courage to do so .

However, after Thunder Yun presented his case, they were finally convinced of the possibility that Zhao Hai would attack the Radiant Empire . This result wasn’t what they want .

Thunder Yun immediately said, “Quick, have someone be sent back to the Radiant Empire to see the situation . I’ll immediately go and see the Third Prince . We need to withdraw the troops immediately . ” Cloud Ying and the others complied before they turned around and left . At the same time, Thunder Yun directly flew towards the sword carriage . He didn’t care about the the Third Prince’s anger right now . The Radiant Empire was currently in peril .

However, just before Thunder Yun reached the carriage, he was blocked off by the cavalry soldiers . Thunder Yun’s expression turned ugly after seeing the blocking, he immediately said, “Give way, I need to see His Highness . I have an important matter to tell him . ” The cavalry soldier disregarded his words and said with no emotion, “We’ll be unfair to General Thunder Yun . His Highness gave us an order to block you from seeing him . Please turn back . ”

Thunder Yun roared, “Give way . I want to see the Third Prince . It’s related to the Divine Race army’s safety . Don’t blame me if you still dare to block . ” The cavalry soldiers were still expressionless, “General Thunder Yun, please turn back . His Majesty doesn’t want to see you . ”

Thunder Yun roared as he began to charge forward . But at this time, the cavalry soldiers actually held their spears and pointed at him .





Thunder Yun was shocked when he saw this, his face was flushed with red as he said, “You bastards, what are you doing? Are you planning a revolt?” The Cavalry disdainfully replied, “General Thunder Yun, we are responsible for His Majesty’s security . His Majesty doesn’t want to see you right now . For His Majesty’s security, we have no other choice but to block you . If you still dare to rush forward, then we will have to attack . ”

Thunder Yun’s face was now pale white, he knew that the cavalry soldier wasn’t bluffing . They were special troops that answer only to the Taurus King . Even if those of higher status than Thunder Yun were present, these cavalry soldiers still wouldn’t bat an eye . ”

Thunder Yun let out a long breath as he said, “Then I would have to ask you to tell His Majesty that I have an important report to tell . This concerns the safety of the Ark Continent’s conquest . ” Naturally, the cavalry soldier was still aware of who Thunder Yun was, he hesitated for a moment before turning back to give a report . Before long, the cavalry soldier came back with a somewhat pale expression . He looked at Thunder Yun and said, “General, His Majesty said that he doesn’t want to see you . He wanted you to turn back . Also, the General needs to hand over his command token . By the order of His Highness, General Thunder Yun is no longer allowed to give command to any soldier in the Divine Race army . ” Thunder Yun stared, color drained from his face . Then he looked straight at the cavalry soldier and said, “What did you say?”

The soldier said it once more, “The Third Prince asks the General to hand over his command token . Without any word from the Third Prince, the rear army isn’t allowed to make a move . ”

Thunder Yun angrily glared at the cavalry soldier and said, “You bastards! Do you know what you are doing? Do you know the situation we are currently facing? Let me through, I need to see His Majesty . ”

The cavalry soldier replied, “Please hand the command token over . Otherwise, we would be forced to make a move . ”

Thunder Yun roared, he was planning to rush out . He knew that going forward at this time would be courting death . So instead, he would quickly go back to his army and immediately lead them to return towards the Radiant Empire .

But unfortunately, Thunder Yun wasn’t given the chance . The cavalry soldiers already knew about his plan . Before long other soldiers came in and blocked Thunder Yun’s retreat . Thunder Yun wielded his wooden totem as he struggled to break away from the encirclement .

At this time, Thunder Yun suddenly felt an ominous air behind him . Luckily for him, his wooden totem was quick to block the incoming attack . But even so, the attack was quite heavy, Thunder Yun was shaken by the impact, blood started to flow .





At this time, Thunder Yun suddenly felt an ominous air behind him . Luckily for him, his wooden totem was quick to block the incoming attack . But even so, the attack was quite heavy, Thunder Yun was shaken by the impact, blood started to flow .

But while he was disoriented by the attack, another spear attack came from behind him . This time, Thunder Yun was unable to block it, and establishing his Domain was already too late . The blunt attack from behind had caused Thunder Yun to lose consciousness .

Behind him was the cavalry soldier who he spoke to . This man was a captain of the division, and he had formidable God-rank strength as well . Because of this, Thunder Yun was rendered unconscious by his attack .

After Thunder Yun was knocked down, the captain waved his hand and immediately two cavalry soldiers held Thunder Yun up . The captain took Thunder Yun’s command token away before sending him back to his army .

The cavalry captain also sent the Third Prince’s order along with Thunder Yun . He waved his hand to the two cavalry soldiers before he turned and looked at the war in front .

The Divine Race’s state in the battle was very disadvantageous . They had already been pushed on several times, but to no avail . They weren’t even able to come close to the defensive line . Each wave of attacks from the magic cannons and javelins would reap thousands of soldier’s lives .

The Third Prince had never expected their losses to be this much . However, this only made him more determined to push through the Accra Mountains . He decided that once they take the Accra Mountains, they would kill every single Ark Continent resident they would see . Not even chickens and dogs would survive .

At this time, on the rear army, the two cavalry soldiers carrying Thunder Yun had delivered him to his army . This caused the rear army to go into an uproar . Thunder Yun’s status in this army was very high . Thunder Yun just went to see the Third Prince, but now he came back unconscious .

Cloud Ying and the others had ugly expressions on their faces as they surrounded the two cavalry soldiers . Cloud Yin looked at the fainted Thunder Yun and angrily said, “What is going on? Who dared to hit the General?”





Cloud Ying and the others had ugly expressions on their faces as they surrounded the two cavalry soldiers . Cloud Yin looked at the fainted Thunder Yun and angrily said, “What is going on? Who dared to hit the General?”

The two cavalry soldiers were fearless . With a loud and deep voice, they declared, “The Third Prince has confiscated General Thunder Yun’s command token . Not only did General Thunder Yun neglect the order, he also tried to rebel . Therefore, the Third Prince’s guards had no choice but to knock him unconscious . Additionally, without the Third Prince’s order, the rear army cannot take independent action . Martial Law has been established!” Then after the two said that, they rode their mounts as they dropped Thunder Yun’s body mid air .

Although the soldiers in the surroundings were angry, they also knew of the status of these two people . Therefore, nobody dared to block them, they were allowed passage as they left .

Cloud Yin and the others looked at the departing backs of the cavalry soldiers with blood red eyes . Cloud Ying quickly went to Thunder Yun and slowly guided his body down to the ground . Cloud Ying held Thunder Yun and called out, “General? General, wake up!”

Thunder Yun fainted due to a shallow force, so when Cloud Ying called out, he immediately recovered his senses . He turned to look at Cloud Ying before looking for the command token . Thunder Yun’s face turned beet red when he noticed that the token was gone . He couldn’t help but shout, “He wants to kill the Divine Race!!” After saying that, Thunder Yun fainted once more due to excessive anger .

Cloud Ying and the others were very frightened . Cloud Ying immediately took a piece of wet cloth and wiped the sweat away from Thunder Yun’s face .

After some time, Thunder Yun woke up and looked at the clouds in the sky as he said, “Cloud Ying, have everyone help the Third Prince in breaking through the Accra Mountains . As long as we can break their defensive line, we can quickly seize the entire continent . At that point, Zhao Hai would certainly stop being a threat to us . ”

Cloud Ying looked at Thunder Yun and said, “General, your wound?”

Thunder Yun shook his head and said, “I’ll be fine . Go and prepare the troops . ” Cloud Ying complied, then he turned around and left . Thunder Yun slowly sat down and casted light element magic on his body . Then he stood up and looked at the battlefield in the distance, with a cold voice he said, “Zhao Hai, good . You’re really daring . You think you can block the Divine Race army with your defensive line?”

Thunder Yun understood that there was no time left for them to turn back and return to the Radiant Empire . Moreover, Zhao Hai would surely not let them retreat easily . Because of this, Thunder Yun decided to break the Accra Mountains’ defensive line and then use the Ark Continent’s residents as a threat towards Zhao Hai .



Thunder Yun shook his head and said, “I’ll be fine . Go and prepare the troops . ” Cloud Ying complied, then he turned around and left . Thunder Yun slowly sat down and casted light element magic on his body . Then he stood up and looked at the battlefield in the distance, with a cold voice he said, “Zhao Hai, good . You’re really daring . You think you can block the Divine Race army with your defensive line?”

Thunder Yun understood that there was no time left for them to turn back and return to the Radiant Empire . Moreover, Zhao Hai would surely not let them retreat easily . Because of this, Thunder Yun decided to break the Accra Mountains’ defensive line and then use the Ark Continent’s residents as a threat towards Zhao Hai .

Up until now, Thunder Yun still didn’t believe that Zhao Hai had moved . For him, it was a totally impossible thing . Because of this, although the Third Prince had taken his command token, Thunder Yun thought of another way . That was to break through the Accra Mountains in the quickest time . Then they would kill the Ark Continent’s residents so that Zhao Hai would be the one to turn back .

If Zhao Hai doesn’t turn back to help his people, then they can also use the Ark Continent’s residents as a bargaining chip to negotiate with Zhao Hai .

Thunder Yun was clear that if Zhao Hai doesn’t take care of the people of the Ark Continent, then his position would be in trouble . When Zhao Hai is faced with this situation, he would surely have a hard time going forward with his plans .

Because of this thought, Thunder Yun shifted to another gear . He had Cloud Ying lead the troops to support the Third Prince .

Thunder Yun also knew that with the losses the Third Prince had incurred, he would surely ask for reinforcement soon . If no reinforcements come, then breaking through the defensive line would be slower, and Thunder Yun wouldn’t want that .

In the past, Thunder Yun certainly wouldn’t attack the Accra Mountains with this method . But now, he had no other choice . If they cannot break through, then the Radiant Empire would be placed in peril .



Chapter 813 – Anguish.

Thunder Yun’s expression was ugly as he said, “There’s no reason not to . Don’t forget, Zhao Hai’s overall strength isn’t that worse compared to us . Moreover, Zhao Hai is a bold person . We brought a lot of our soldiers this time and left too little . If Zhao Hai wanted to attack the Radiant Empire at this time, then it would surely be dangerous for us . ’.

The group’s expression was quite ugly as well . They really hadn’t thought of the possibility of Zhao Hai attacking the Radiant Empire . They thought Zhao Hai wouldn’t have enough courage to do so

However, after Thunder Yun presented his case, they were finally convinced of the possibility that Zhao Hai would attack the Radiant Empire . This result wasn’t what they want

Thunder Yun immediately said, “Quick, have someone be sent back to the Radiant Empire to see the situation . I’ll immediately go and see the Third Prince . We need to withdraw the troops immediately . ” Cloud Ying and the others complied before they turned around and left . At the same time, Thunder Yun directly flew towards the sword carriage . He didn’t care about the the Third Prince’s anger right now . The Radiant Empire was currently in peril

However, just before Thunder Yun reached the carriage, he was blocked off by the cavalry soldiers . Thunder Yun’s expression turned ugly after seeing the blocking, he immediately said, “Give way, I need to see His Highness . I have an important matter to tell him . ” The cavalry soldier disregarded his words and said with no emotion, “We’ll be unfair to General Thunder Yun . His Highness gave us an order to block you from seeing him . Please turn back . ”.

Thunder Yun roared, “Give way . I want to see the Third Prince . It’s related to the Divine Race army’s safety . Don’t blame me if you still dare to block . ” The cavalry soldiers were still expressionless, “General Thunder Yun, please turn back . His Majesty doesn’t want to see you . ”.

Thunder Yun roared as he began to charge forward . But at this time, the cavalry soldiers actually held their spears and pointed at him

Thunder Yun was shocked when he saw this, his face was flushed with red as he said, “You bastards, what are you doing? Are you planning a revolt?” The Cavalry disdainfully replied, “General Thunder Yun, we are responsible for His Majesty’s security . His Majesty doesn’t want to see you right now . For His Majesty’s security, we have no other choice but to block you . If you still dare to rush forward, then we will have to attack . ”.

Thunder Yun’s face was now pale white, he knew that the cavalry soldier wasn’t bluffing . They were special troops that answer only to the Taurus King . Even if those of higher status than Thunder Yun were present, these cavalry soldiers still wouldn’t bat an eye . ”.

Thunder Yun let out a long breath as he said, “Then I would have to ask you to tell His Majesty that I have an important report to tell . This concerns the safety of the Ark Continent’s conquest . ” Naturally, the cavalry soldier was still aware of who Thunder Yun was, he hesitated for a moment before turning back to give a report . Before long, the cavalry soldier came back with a somewhat pale expression . He looked at Thunder Yun and said, “General, His Majesty said that he doesn’t want to see you . He wanted you to turn back . Also, the General needs to hand over his command token . By the order of His Highness, General Thunder Yun is no longer allowed to give command to any soldier in the Divine Race army . ” Thunder Yun stared, color drained from his face . Then he looked straight at the cavalry soldier and said, “What did you say?”.

The soldier said it once more, “The Third Prince asks the General to hand over his command token . Without any word from the Third Prince, the rear army isn’t allowed to make a move . ”.

Thunder Yun angrily glared at the cavalry soldier and said, “You bastards! Do you know what you are doing? Do you know the situation we are currently facing? Let me through, I need to see His Majesty . ”.

The cavalry soldier replied, “Please hand the command token over . Otherwise, we would be forced to make a move . ”.

Thunder Yun roared, he was planning to rush out . He knew that going forward at this time would be courting death . So instead, he would quickly go back to his army and immediately lead them to return towards the Radiant Empire

But unfortunately, Thunder Yun wasn’t given the chance . The cavalry soldiers already knew about his plan . Before long other soldiers came in and blocked Thunder Yun’s retreat . Thunder Yun wielded his wooden totem as he struggled to break away from the encirclement

At this time, Thunder Yun suddenly felt an ominous air behind him . Luckily for him, his wooden totem was quick to block the incoming attack . But even so, the attack was quite heavy, Thunder Yun was shaken by the impact, blood started to flow

But while he was disoriented by the attack, another spear attack came from behind him . This time, Thunder Yun was unable to block it, and establishing his Domain was already too late . The blunt attack from behind had caused Thunder Yun to lose consciousness

Behind him was the cavalry soldier who he spoke to . This man was a captain of the division, and he had formidable God-rank strength as well . Because of this, Thunder Yun was rendered unconscious by his attack

After Thunder Yun was knocked down, the captain waved his hand and immediately two cavalry soldiers held Thunder Yun up . The captain took Thunder Yun’s command token away before sending him back to his army

The cavalry captain also sent the Third Prince’s order along with Thunder Yun . He waved his hand to the two cavalry soldiers before he turned and looked at the war in front

The Divine Race’s state in the battle was very disadvantageous . They had already been pushed on several times, but to no avail . They weren’t even able to come close to the defensive line . Each wave of attacks from the magic cannons and javelins would reap thousands of soldier’s lives

The Third Prince had never expected their losses to be this much . However, this only made him more determined to push through the Accra Mountains . He decided that once they take the Accra Mountains, they would kill every single Ark Continent resident they would see . Not even chickens and dogs would survive

At this time, on the rear army, the two cavalry soldiers carrying Thunder Yun had delivered him to his army . This caused the rear army to go into an uproar . Thunder Yun’s status in this army was very high . Thunder Yun just went to see the Third Prince, but now he came back unconscious

Cloud Ying and the others had ugly expressions on their faces as they surrounded the two cavalry soldiers . Cloud Yin looked at the fainted Thunder Yun and angrily said, “What is going on? Who dared to hit the General?”.

The two cavalry soldiers were fearless . With a loud and deep voice, they declared, “The Third Prince has confiscated General Thunder Yun’s command token . Not only did General Thunder Yun neglect the order, he also tried to rebel . Therefore, the Third Prince’s guards had no choice but to knock him unconscious . Additionally, without the Third Prince’s order, the rear army cannot take independent action . Martial Law has been established!” Then after the two said that, they rode their mounts as they dropped Thunder Yun’s body mid air

Although the soldiers in the surroundings were angry, they also knew of the status of these two people . Therefore, nobody dared to block them, they were allowed passage as they left

Cloud Yin and the others looked at the departing backs of the cavalry soldiers with blood red eyes . Cloud Ying quickly went to Thunder Yun and slowly guided his body down to the ground . Cloud Ying held Thunder Yun and called out, “General? General, wake up!”.

Thunder Yun fainted due to a shallow force, so when Cloud Ying called out, he immediately recovered his senses . He turned to look at Cloud Ying before looking for the command token . Thunder Yun’s face turned beet red when he noticed that the token was gone . He couldn’t help but shout, “He wants to kill the Divine Race!!” After saying that, Thunder Yun fainted once more due to excessive anger

Cloud Ying and the others were very frightened . Cloud Ying immediately took a piece of wet cloth and wiped the sweat away from Thunder Yun’s face

After some time, Thunder Yun woke up and looked at the clouds in the sky as he said, “Cloud Ying, have everyone help the Third Prince in breaking through the Accra Mountains . As long as we can break their defensive line, we can quickly seize the entire continent . At that point, Zhao Hai would certainly stop being a threat to us . ”.

Cloud Ying looked at Thunder Yun and said, “General, your wound?”.

Thunder Yun shook his head and said, “I’ll be fine . Go and prepare the troops . ” Cloud Ying complied, then he turned around and left . Thunder Yun slowly sat down and casted light element magic on his body . Then he stood up and looked at the battlefield in the distance, with a cold voice he said, “Zhao Hai, good . You’re really daring . You think you can block the Divine Race army with your defensive line?”.

Thunder Yun understood that there was no time left for them to turn back and return to the Radiant Empire . Moreover, Zhao Hai would surely not let them retreat easily . Because of this, Thunder Yun decided to break the Accra Mountains’ defensive line and then use the Ark Continent’s residents as a threat towards Zhao Hai

Up until now, Thunder Yun still didn’t believe that Zhao Hai had moved . For him, it was a totally impossible thing . Because of this, although the Third Prince had taken his command token, Thunder Yun thought of another way . That was to break through the Accra Mountains in the quickest time . Then they would kill the Ark Continent’s residents so that Zhao Hai would be the one to turn back

If Zhao Hai doesn’t turn back to help his people, then they can also use the Ark Continent’s residents as a bargaining chip to negotiate with Zhao Hai

Thunder Yun was clear that if Zhao Hai doesn’t take care of the people of the Ark Continent, then his position would be in trouble . When Zhao Hai is faced with this situation, he would surely have a hard time going forward with his plans

Because of this thought, Thunder Yun shifted to another gear . He had Cloud Ying lead the troops to support the Third Prince

Thunder Yun also knew that with the losses the Third Prince had incurred, he would surely ask for reinforcement soon . If no reinforcements come, then breaking through the defensive line would be slower, and Thunder Yun wouldn’t want that

In the past, Thunder Yun certainly wouldn’t attack the Accra Mountains with this method . But now, he had no other choice . If they cannot break through, then the Radiant Empire would be placed in peril





* * *

Chapter 814 – Heart of Earth Fire

Zhao Hai was also aware of Thunder Yun’s plan, but he wasn’t worried even for a bit . The defenses of the Accra Mountains has been arranged for a long time . Although the people of the Ark continent had moved, the defenses still stayed there . As long as an army was there to operate it, then there would be no problem .

At this time, Zhao Hai was directing his undead to attack the Radiant Empire . When Thunder Yun went on with his action, there were no concealment magics applied, so Zhao Hai was able to witness all of it .

The changes to Thunder Yun’s plan went along with what Zhao Hai wanted . The longer the Divine Race engages in battle, the better it would be for Zhao Hai .

The undead were already prepared to attack the Radiant Empire . They had also planned the best direction their attack would come from .

There were several places to choose from, but in the end, Zhao Hai chose to attack from the sea .

The Radiant Church was originally the Ocean Waves Dynasty, a nation surrounded by water on three sides and by the Buddha Empire on one . It can be said that compared to land attacks, it would be much better to approach by sea .

Many of Zhao Hai’s undead were marine beasts . Moreover, moving by sea was more convenient compared to land .

Besides this reason, Zhao Hai also wanted to visit Inferno Island to take a look . Inferno Island was one of the Ark Continents Five Forbidden Places . It was some distance away from the shore and was extremely hot . It was also densely covered with volcanoes that housed special fire magic beasts and plants . Moreover, the island also had a special lifeform, Flame Demons!

These Flame Demons were like the Flame Demons found in the Demon Realm . They were advanced magic beasts that didn’t fear fire as it was their means of sustenance .

Countless experts of the Ark Continent ended up having the island as their cemetery . There were countless explorers who went there and never came back .

But the main reason why Zhao Hai wanted to visit the island was to try and get some fire element crystals .





In the war against the Divine Race, fire element crystals were the most convenient to use . Since the northern icefield had an abundant number of ice crystals, Zhao Hai doesn’t believe that Inferno Island wouldn’t have some .

Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to visit the island after he returned from the Northern Icefield . However, he didn’t expect that a lot of things would happen . In the end, his plan needed to be placed on the side .

Now, Zhao Hai wanted to use this opportunity to take a look at Inferno Island . Then after he dealt with the Divine Race, Zhao Hai would talk with the Great Demon King .

Zhao Hai took his blood ghost staff out and had it fly towards the direction of Inferno Island . They appeared at sea, so the island wasn’t that far off .

The reason they weren’t able to move that fast was because they needed to go around the Radiant Empire while also taking care not to be discovered by the Divine Race . The Divine Race were quite sensitive, any small disturbance would immediately urge them to take action .

Zhao Hai was currently looking at the blood ghost staff . Lizzy and Megan were taking charge of the battle with the Divine Race, so Zhao Hai had the opportunity to pay attention to other things .

The staff’s range was limited, therefore Zhao Hai didn’t wait as he turned to Lizzy and Megan and said, “I’ll be heading out, I’ll leave the battle to you two . ”

Lizzy and Megan just gave a nod, they didn’t even take their eyes off of the monitor . After seeing their reaction, Zhao Hai smiled faintly before his body flashed out of the Space . At this time, the staff transformed into a flying sword and was stepped on by Zhao Hai .

While standing on his staff, Zhao Hai’s eyes were plastered out front . Not far away were pillars of smoke shooting up from a certain place . One could see that it was an undersea volcano belching smoke . Zhao Hai believed that he should be near Inferno Island .

Before long, a hot red island appeared in Zhao Hai’s vision . The island wasn’t small and was as big as the Ocean Waves Dynasty . The entire island, no matter soil or rock, were all red . It even included the plants, the color added more uniqueness to the place .

In the south of the island was a volcano spurting hot lava, but it can be seen that it was about to be done judging by the smoke it released . Below that volcano, Zhao Hai can see rivers of lava flowing down .

What made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that he hadn’t seen any magic beasts nor flame demons . If the volcanoes were excluded, the island was deathly still .

Zhao Hai stopped caring about this as he immediately took a round trip around the island . By looking at the surface, the island looked quite simple . There were volcanoes upon volcanoes, it was basically an island made entirely out of interconnecting volcanoes .





Zhao Hai stopped caring about this as he immediately took a round trip around the island . By looking at the surface, the island looked quite simple . There were volcanoes upon volcanoes, it was basically an island made entirely out of interconnecting volcanoes .

After Zhao Hai looked at the island’s terrain, he returned back into the Space . The battle in the Accra Mountains was still going on . Everybody had lost count on how many clashes had happened between the Divine Race and the undead . But time and time again, the undead were able to push the enemy back . Moreover, they also caused massive casualties each time .

But what angered the Third Prince and the Divine Race the most was seeing their own allies dying in battle and the suddenly being swallowed up by a spatial rift, only to turn into an undead fighting against them . The eyes of the Divine Race couldn’t help but turn blood red .

For the Divine Race, this was an insult, a blatant insult . Their blood red eyes gazed at the undead in the defensive line, seeing their former allies manning the enemy’s weapons and attacking the Divine Race .

After seeing that there was nothing to worry about, Zhao Hai went to his room and opened a small monitor . Then he started to look at the interior of Inferno Island . He wanted to see if the island had any crystal lodes or not .

After looking at the monitor, Zhao Hai finally understood why there were no magic beasts nor flame demons present . The volcanoes were spurting lava at this time, so all of the island’s inhabitants had hidden themselves .

The places where the flame demons and magic beasts were quite peculiar as well . They were in other craters far away from the erupting volcanoes . In those craters, the numbers of magic beasts and flame demons were astonishing .

Zhao Hai ignored the flame demons and magic beasts as he made the Space scan the island . Upon scanning the island, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be surprised . Right below the layer of rock, ash, and soil, about ten meters below the surface, everything was filled with fire element crystal stones . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but wipe the saliva on the edge of his mouth .

Zhao Hai immediately moved his body as it appeared on the island . Then he drilled underground and started to frantically take crystal stones into the Space .

The number of crystal stones was too much, Zhao Hai lost count of how much he had already absorbed into the space . However, he still kept absorbing more and more .

No other thing can match the Space in absorbing resources, its speed was something far from what people can imagine . Zhao Hai doesn’t know how long he has been collecting crystals, but as soon as he felt that nothing was left, he stopped .

Zhao Hai looked all around and saw how hollowed out the underground of Inferno Island had become . But he didn’t care, in any case nobody else was here . If the flame demons and magic beasts die, then that wouldn’t be much of a problem .

After seeing that there were no fire element crystals left, Zhao Hai went along and drilled deeper . He believed that there should be more crystals further down . Zhao Hai continued to dig and each 20 meters he would take fire element crystals on that layer .





After seeing that there were no fire element crystals left, Zhao Hai went along and drilled deeper . He believed that there should be more crystals further down . Zhao Hai continued to dig and each 20 meters he would take fire element crystals on that layer .

After about nine layers, the quality of fire element crystals were getting better . Not only were the crystals getting bigger, the energy inside them were also becoming stronger and the color became a deeper shade of red .

Zhao Hai looked around once more and then dug down after seeing that no more fire element crystals were left . And while he was digging, he suddenly felt a wave of heat . It seems like he had come across a river of magma .

He avoided the magma as he went further down . But just as he passed by the magma river, Zhao Hai became stunned . At the bottom of the magma river was something he hadn’t seen before . There was a layer of golden sand on the floor of the river .

When he saw the sand, Zhao Hai waved his hand and absorbed some of them inside the Space . Then he waited for a prompt .

The Space didn’t disappoint him, before long, a prompt came in, “Pure golden sand detected . Golden Sand is an item from the cultivation world . Host’s level is too low, Space is currently unable to use it . Hoping for the Host to level up quickly . ”

When he heard this prompt, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh . He didn’t expect to come across something used in the cultivation world . Moreover, it seems like the item was too special that the Space’s current level wasn’t able to use it . The sand was surely something good .

However, the golden sand was under magma, so gathering it won’t be easy . Zhao Hai looked around before he clenched his teeth and linked the magma river to the Space .

Compared to the one present in the northern icefield, this magma river was much bigger . It’s good that Zhao Hai already had experience in handling sea water . This time, he opened the Space to absorb the magma river, and along with it was the golden sand .

There was no response from the Space after the magma entered . Zhao Hai stored the magma inside the warehouse for now, he wouldn’t dare to release it in the Space .

When the entire river entered the Space, all of the golden sand were absorbed as well . But since magma wasn’t as runny as water, absorbing all of it took quite some time .

But after receiving the magma, Zhao Hai suddenly discovered that its source was actually a very small flame!

A flame as small as this was actually the source of the magma river? When Zhao Hai saw this, he initially thought that he was seeing things . But soon enough, he was able to ascertain that the flame was indeed the source of the magma . This was because Zhao Hai recalled something else he had acquired before .

Zhao Hai once got ahold of a crystal bottle with a flame quite similar to this one . Presently, that flame was acting as the Space’s sun .



A flame as small as this was actually the source of the magma river? When Zhao Hai saw this, he initially thought that he was seeing things . But soon enough, he was able to ascertain that the flame was indeed the source of the magma . This was because Zhao Hai recalled something else he had acquired before .

Zhao Hai once got ahold of a crystal bottle with a flame quite similar to this one . Presently, that flame was acting as the Space’s sun .

Zhao Hai inspected the small flame carefully . He discovered that at the center of the flame was a hint of magma, bubbling due to the intense heat . After looking at it for some time and not seeing anything else, Zhao Hai threw the flame inside the Space .

Just as the flame entered the Space, a prompt came, “Heart of Earth Fire detected . Can produce fire element crystals, magma, golden sand, and heat energy . Space has levelled up to level 80 . Host may now purchase 10 magic world backgrounds as well as 20 ordinary backgrounds . ”

Zhao Hai clenched his fist and said, “Yes!”

This was truly a great thing for Zhao Hai . This heart of earth fire actually had a lot of uses, moreover, it also upgraded the Space . This was extremely good news .

Then Zhao Hai looked at the surroundings of the heart of earth fire . All around it were high energy fire element crystals . Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t polite and absorbed all of them into the Space .

It has been a long time after Zhao Hai left to collect crystal stones . After digging some more and seeing that nothing else was left, Zhao Hai returned to the Space .

As soon as he entered the Space, Zhao Hai immediately placed the heart of earth fire on the ground and also released the magma river . Upon taking the magma river our, the Space issued a prompt, “River of earth fire detected . Can be refined as a weapon and can also be used for attack . ”

Zhao Hai gawked, he didn’t expect the magma river to have this use . However, Zhao Hai waved his hand, separating the magma from the golden sand before storing the magma back to the warehouse . In any case, the heart of earth fire has been placed underground, it can produce magma at any time . Since the magma river had uses, Zhao Hai decided to store it in the meantime .

Zhao Hai inventoried the fruits of his trip to Inferno Island . His harvest this time was truly huge . From what he saw in the warehouse, the fire element crystals had reached hundreds of millions . What Zhao Hai was surprised about was the Space automatically categorizing the crystals by grade . There was low grade, mid grade, high grade, and top grade crystals . Naturally, the top grade crystals were the rarest, there were less than a million of them . High grade crystals numbered to about ten million, mid grade about 100 million while low grade reached a billion pieces .

After looking at these numbers, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be startled . He didn’t think that he would gain this much crystal stones . This was surely an unbelievable haul!



Chapter 814 – Heart of Earth Fire.

Zhao Hai was also aware of Thunder Yun’s plan, but he wasn’t worried even for a bit . The defenses of the Accra Mountains has been arranged for a long time . Although the people of the Ark continent had moved, the defenses still stayed there . As long as an army was there to operate it, then there would be no problem

At this time, Zhao Hai was directing his undead to attack the Radiant Empire . When Thunder Yun went on with his action, there were no concealment magics applied, so Zhao Hai was able to witness all of it

The changes to Thunder Yun’s plan went along with what Zhao Hai wanted . The longer the Divine Race engages in battle, the better it would be for Zhao Hai

The undead were already prepared to attack the Radiant Empire . They had also planned the best direction their attack would come from

There were several places to choose from, but in the end, Zhao Hai chose to attack from the sea

The Radiant Church was originally the Ocean Waves Dynasty, a nation surrounded by water on three sides and by the Buddha Empire on one . It can be said that compared to land attacks, it would be much better to approach by sea

Many of Zhao Hai’s undead were marine beasts . Moreover, moving by sea was more convenient compared to land

Besides this reason, Zhao Hai also wanted to visit Inferno Island to take a look . Inferno Island was one of the Ark Continents Five Forbidden Places . It was some distance away from the shore and was extremely hot . It was also densely covered with volcanoes that housed special fire magic beasts and plants . Moreover, the island also had a special lifeform, Flame Demons!.

These Flame Demons were like the Flame Demons found in the Demon Realm . They were advanced magic beasts that didn’t fear fire as it was their means of sustenance

Countless experts of the Ark Continent ended up having the island as their cemetery . There were countless explorers who went there and never came back

But the main reason why Zhao Hai wanted to visit the island was to try and get some fire element crystals

In the war against the Divine Race, fire element crystals were the most convenient to use . Since the northern icefield had an abundant number of ice crystals, Zhao Hai doesn’t believe that Inferno Island wouldn’t have some

Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to visit the island after he returned from the Northern Icefield . However, he didn’t expect that a lot of things would happen . In the end, his plan needed to be placed on the side

Now, Zhao Hai wanted to use this opportunity to take a look at Inferno Island . Then after he dealt with the Divine Race, Zhao Hai would talk with the Great Demon King

Zhao Hai took his blood ghost staff out and had it fly towards the direction of Inferno Island . They appeared at sea, so the island wasn’t that far off

The reason they weren’t able to move that fast was because they needed to go around the Radiant Empire while also taking care not to be discovered by the Divine Race . The Divine Race were quite sensitive, any small disturbance would immediately urge them to take action

Zhao Hai was currently looking at the blood ghost staff . Lizzy and Megan were taking charge of the battle with the Divine Race, so Zhao Hai had the opportunity to pay attention to other things

The staff’s range was limited, therefore Zhao Hai didn’t wait as he turned to Lizzy and Megan and said, “I’ll be heading out, I’ll leave the battle to you two . ”.

Lizzy and Megan just gave a nod, they didn’t even take their eyes off of the monitor . After seeing their reaction, Zhao Hai smiled faintly before his body flashed out of the Space . At this time, the staff transformed into a flying sword and was stepped on by Zhao Hai

While standing on his staff, Zhao Hai’s eyes were plastered out front . Not far away were pillars of smoke shooting up from a certain place . One could see that it was an undersea volcano belching smoke . Zhao Hai believed that he should be near Inferno Island

Before long, a hot red island appeared in Zhao Hai’s vision . The island wasn’t small and was as big as the Ocean Waves Dynasty . The entire island, no matter soil or rock, were all red . It even included the plants, the color added more uniqueness to the place

In the south of the island was a volcano spurting hot lava, but it can be seen that it was about to be done judging by the smoke it released . Below that volcano, Zhao Hai can see rivers of lava flowing down

What made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that he hadn’t seen any magic beasts nor flame demons . If the volcanoes were excluded, the island was deathly still

Zhao Hai stopped caring about this as he immediately took a round trip around the island . By looking at the surface, the island looked quite simple . There were volcanoes upon volcanoes, it was basically an island made entirely out of interconnecting volcanoes

After Zhao Hai looked at the island’s terrain, he returned back into the Space . The battle in the Accra Mountains was still going on . Everybody had lost count on how many clashes had happened between the Divine Race and the undead . But time and time again, the undead were able to push the enemy back . Moreover, they also caused massive casualties each time

But what angered the Third Prince and the Divine Race the most was seeing their own allies dying in battle and the suddenly being swallowed up by a spatial rift, only to turn into an undead fighting against them . The eyes of the Divine Race couldn’t help but turn blood red

For the Divine Race, this was an insult, a blatant insult . Their blood red eyes gazed at the undead in the defensive line, seeing their former allies manning the enemy’s weapons and attacking the Divine Race

After seeing that there was nothing to worry about, Zhao Hai went to his room and opened a small monitor . Then he started to look at the interior of Inferno Island . He wanted to see if the island had any crystal lodes or not

After looking at the monitor, Zhao Hai finally understood why there were no magic beasts nor flame demons present . The volcanoes were spurting lava at this time, so all of the island’s inhabitants had hidden themselves

The places where the flame demons and magic beasts were quite peculiar as well . They were in other craters far away from the erupting volcanoes . In those craters, the numbers of magic beasts and flame demons were astonishing

Zhao Hai ignored the flame demons and magic beasts as he made the Space scan the island . Upon scanning the island, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be surprised . Right below the layer of rock, ash, and soil, about ten meters below the surface, everything was filled with fire element crystal stones . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but wipe the saliva on the edge of his mouth

Zhao Hai immediately moved his body as it appeared on the island . Then he drilled underground and started to frantically take crystal stones into the Space

The number of crystal stones was too much, Zhao Hai lost count of how much he had already absorbed into the space . However, he still kept absorbing more and more

No other thing can match the Space in absorbing resources, its speed was something far from what people can imagine . Zhao Hai doesn’t know how long he has been collecting crystals, but as soon as he felt that nothing was left, he stopped

Zhao Hai looked all around and saw how hollowed out the underground of Inferno Island had become . But he didn’t care, in any case nobody else was here . If the flame demons and magic beasts die, then that wouldn’t be much of a problem

After seeing that there were no fire element crystals left, Zhao Hai went along and drilled deeper . He believed that there should be more crystals further down . Zhao Hai continued to dig and each 20 meters he would take fire element crystals on that layer

After about nine layers, the quality of fire element crystals were getting better . Not only were the crystals getting bigger, the energy inside them were also becoming stronger and the color became a deeper shade of red

Zhao Hai looked around once more and then dug down after seeing that no more fire element crystals were left . And while he was digging, he suddenly felt a wave of heat . It seems like he had come across a river of magma

He avoided the magma as he went further down . But just as he passed by the magma river, Zhao Hai became stunned . At the bottom of the magma river was something he hadn’t seen before . There was a layer of golden sand on the floor of the river

When he saw the sand, Zhao Hai waved his hand and absorbed some of them inside the Space . Then he waited for a prompt

The Space didn’t disappoint him, before long, a prompt came in, “Pure golden sand detected . Golden Sand is an item from the cultivation world . Host’s level is too low, Space is currently unable to use it . Hoping for the Host to level up quickly . ”.

When he heard this prompt, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh . He didn’t expect to come across something used in the cultivation world . Moreover, it seems like the item was too special that the Space’s current level wasn’t able to use it . The sand was surely something good

However, the golden sand was under magma, so gathering it won’t be easy . Zhao Hai looked around before he clenched his teeth and linked the magma river to the Space

Compared to the one present in the northern icefield, this magma river was much bigger . It’s good that Zhao Hai already had experience in handling sea water . This time, he opened the Space to absorb the magma river, and along with it was the golden sand

There was no response from the Space after the magma entered . Zhao Hai stored the magma inside the warehouse for now, he wouldn’t dare to release it in the Space

When the entire river entered the Space, all of the golden sand were absorbed as well . But since magma wasn’t as runny as water, absorbing all of it took quite some time

But after receiving the magma, Zhao Hai suddenly discovered that its source was actually a very small flame!.

A flame as small as this was actually the source of the magma river? When Zhao Hai saw this, he initially thought that he was seeing things . But soon enough, he was able to ascertain that the flame was indeed the source of the magma . This was because Zhao Hai recalled something else he had acquired before

Zhao Hai once got ahold of a crystal bottle with a flame quite similar to this one . Presently, that flame was acting as the Space’s sun

Zhao Hai inspected the small flame carefully . He discovered that at the center of the flame was a hint of magma, bubbling due to the intense heat . After looking at it for some time and not seeing anything else, Zhao Hai threw the flame inside the Space

Just as the flame entered the Space, a prompt came, “Heart of Earth Fire detected . Can produce fire element crystals, magma, golden sand, and heat energy . Space has levelled up to level 80 . Host may now purchase 10 magic world backgrounds as well as 20 ordinary backgrounds . ”.

Zhao Hai clenched his fist and said, “Yes!”.

This was truly a great thing for Zhao Hai . This heart of earth fire actually had a lot of uses, moreover, it also upgraded the Space . This was extremely good news

Then Zhao Hai looked at the surroundings of the heart of earth fire . All around it were high energy fire element crystals . Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t polite and absorbed all of them into the Space

It has been a long time after Zhao Hai left to collect crystal stones . After digging some more and seeing that nothing else was left, Zhao Hai returned to the Space

As soon as he entered the Space, Zhao Hai immediately placed the heart of earth fire on the ground and also released the magma river . Upon taking the magma river our, the Space issued a prompt, “River of earth fire detected . Can be refined as a weapon and can also be used for attack . ”.

Zhao Hai gawked, he didn’t expect the magma river to have this use . However, Zhao Hai waved his hand, separating the magma from the golden sand before storing the magma back to the warehouse . In any case, the heart of earth fire has been placed underground, it can produce magma at any time . Since the magma river had uses, Zhao Hai decided to store it in the meantime

Zhao Hai inventoried the fruits of his trip to Inferno Island . His harvest this time was truly huge . From what he saw in the warehouse, the fire element crystals had reached hundreds of millions . What Zhao Hai was surprised about was the Space automatically categorizing the crystals by grade . There was low grade, mid grade, high grade, and top grade crystals . Naturally, the top grade crystals were the rarest, there were less than a million of them . High grade crystals numbered to about ten million, mid grade about 100 million while low grade reached a billion pieces

After looking at these numbers, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be startled . He didn’t think that he would gain this much crystal stones . This was surely an unbelievable haul!.





* * *

Chapter 815 – Prepared

Although there was no way to trade with the crystals, Zhao Hai still regarded them as more important than either gold or silver .

These crystals were too useful for Zhao Hai, especially now as he battled against the Divine Race . Because of this, Zhao Hai was more than happy to see his harvests in Inferno Island .

At this time, his only use for the crystals was as ammunition for the magic cannons . But Zhao Hai believed that he would be able to find ways to use them for other things in the future .

While Zhao Hai was inside the Space looking at his loot, he didn’t neglect his work outside . At this moment, the blood ghost staff was flying towards the Radiant Empire, this way, there would be no delays in his operation .

At this time, Laura came . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what happened? We heard the prompts . ”

Lizzy and Megan were commanding the war against the Divine Race, so they couldn’t just leave . However, Laura had nothing significant to do, so when she heard the prompts, she immediately went to see Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I got a lot of good things . Take a look . ” Then he turned to the page on the warehouse showing the amount of crystals that they currently had . Zhao Hai had a lot of things stored inside the Space’s warehouse, this caused the warehouse to have a lot of pages .





However, it was great that the warehouse arranged the items inside according to the time it was stored . Because of this, those stored earlier appeared on the earlier pages while those recently stored appeared at the back .

When Laura looked at the page, they were immediately surprised . River of earth fire, crystal stones, golden sand . Not to say about the river of earth fire and the golden sand, the amount of crystals alone was enough to stun anyone .

Laura looked at the crystals and said, “So there’s classifications with crystals . Brother Hai, what kinds of crystals have we been using so far?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile, “The low grade ones . ” Then Laura looked at the 1 billion low grade crystals on the page, she was caught speechless .

Then Zhao Hai said, “Besides the crystals, there are also the river of earth fire and the golden sand . At this point, I don’t know how to use them . I wanted to but it seems like the Space’s level isn’t high enough . ”

Laura stared at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you really don’t know? The Space is already had a high level, yet it still can’t find a way?”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “Right, it’s still insufficient . But now we can buy ten magic backgrounds as well as 20 ordinary backgrounds . I think we should hold back in buying more, we’re still quite short on resources . ”

Laura nodded, she knew what Zhao Hai meant . When Zhao Hai made the Ark Space, he had almost used up all of his money . Therefore, its quite unintuitive for them to buy more backgrounds .

After closing the warehouse interface, Zhao Hai lead Laura back to the living room, while they were walking he said, “I’ve already absorbed everything there is to acquire in Inferno Island . We don’t need to return there in the future . Moreover, the crystals that we have in our hands is more than enough to deal with the Divine Race . ”





After closing the warehouse interface, Zhao Hai lead Laura back to the living room, while they were walking he said, “I’ve already absorbed everything there is to acquire in Inferno Island . We don’t need to return there in the future . Moreover, the crystals that we have in our hands is more than enough to deal with the Divine Race . ”

Laura nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, “Most importantly, I acquired the heart of earth fire . I’ve placed it underground so that in the future we would be able to produce crystals for ourselves . There might also be more river of earth fire and golden sand for us to harvest . ”

Laura smiled and said, “That’s good . Right, Brother Hai, if we sell those crystals to the Space I reckon they would fetch quite a price . ”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Forget it . The Space will not take any losses . If we sell our crystals and end up wanting to use them in the future, then the Space would sell it to us with a higher price compared to when we sold it . In any case, our current resources are enough . There’s no need to sell the crystals . ”

Laura nodded . As they were talking, they had already reached the living room . Lizzy and Megan were present inside, taking charge in fighting against the Divine Race . At this time, Lizzy was working while Megan rested on the side .

Zhao Hai was aware that commanding a battle would be taxing to the brain . If one were to take charge over everything, then they would definitely be exhausted sooner or later . It was good that there were two of them, one could command while the other rests .

Zhao Hai didn’t disturb them and returned to his own room to look at the monitor . He estimated the time before they reach the Radiant Church .

What Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of was the scene happening in the Ark Space . Besides the soldiers, most of these people had never witnessed a battle before . Even the soldiers present haven’t been in one with this large of a scale . They had battle against the Demons and the Divine Race, but participating in a siege of this big was something they haven’t done before .

While looking at the battle, the population was burning with pride . One could hear people cheering and applauding here and there everytime the Divine Race gets repelled .





While looking at the battle, the population was burning with pride . One could hear people cheering and applauding here and there everytime the Divine Race gets repelled .

However, there were also some people who looked at this scene with heavy expressions . This was because they can see how strong the Divine Race was . Although they had been repelled by the undead many times, those inquisitive enough could count that the Divine Race had been doing this for more than 40 times .

They had failed forty times, and with heavy casualties in each attack . Nevertheless, the Divine Race still pushed on with the same tenacity as before .

Although this was only a small thing, those in the know understood how fierce the Divine Race’s soldiers actually were .

In the battlefield, the pressure of the fight had a large impact on the fighting strength of a soldier . Facing repetitive failures under unending attacks from the enemies, seeing your allies die in front of you, these weren’t something that an average soldier could bear .

However, the Divine Race’s soldiers actually managed to harden their hearts . They seem to be unable to comprehend their losses . They still charged, time and time again . If they were faced with any other army, then they would’ve already broken through .

Upon recognizing the quality of soldiers that the Divine Race had, these people couldn’t help but feel terrible .

They initially thought that Zhao Hai was being extra when he made them move to the Space . Some of them even felt uncomfortable . After all, the Space belonged to Zhao Hai . His status inside this place was incomparably high . Even the Rosen Emperor was uncomfortable with this decision .

They had seen the battle with the Demon Race . And now that they had witnessed the battle with the Divine race, their sense of unwillingness immediately vanished .

The Divine Race was just too strong, they surpassed what these people imagined . The Rosen Emperor let out a long sigh . Randolph who stood beside him asked, “Your Majesty, what’s wrong?”



They had seen the battle with the Demon Race . And now that they had witnessed the battle with the Divine race, their sense of unwillingness immediately vanished .

The Divine Race was just too strong, they surpassed what these people imagined . The Rosen Emperor let out a long sigh . Randolph who stood beside him asked, “Your Majesty, what’s wrong?”

The Rosen Emperor forced a smile and said, “I didn’t think the Divine Race would be this strong . No wonder Little Hai urged us to enter the Space . If we disagreed at that time, then I’m afraid we would be in grave danger . ”

Randolph nodded, he sighed and said, “I didn’t expect the Divine Race’s soldiers to be this aggressive . ”

Both of them made another sigh before turning around and returned to the Imperial Palace . They were people of status after all, they had a lot of things to do . They didn’t have the time to stay and watch everything .

Zhao Hai was unaware of all of these since he was poised to attack the Radiant Empire . The magic staff had already arrived on the southeast side of the Radiant Empire, this was where Zhao Hai and the others thought to be the best place to stage their attack .

The Radiant Empire’s southwest side was where the Divine Race’s descended land had landed on . Zhao Hai didn’t want to attack that new land for now, if he did, then it was possible that the Divine Race would send forces directly from the Divine Realm .

Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to attack from the southeast then heading towards the northwest, diagonally sweeping the Radiant Empire . With this, he would avoid the new land while sweeping the most number of magic cannons and Goblins along the way .

Since the battle on Accra Mountains was still underway, Zhao Hai took command of the undead this time . The undead he used were Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people . All in all, the army numbered to near 20 million .

Zhao Hai didn’t have these undead participate in the defense of Accra Mountain, This was because he had discovered how discontent the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus were towards the Divine Race . If he dispatched these troops, then Zhao Hai’s hard work on bringing those two on his side would go to waste, it might even arouse anger in the two groups’ heart . If those two armies joined the Divine Race in attacking the Accra Mountains, then that would not be good .



Chapter 815 – Prepared.

Although there was no way to trade with the crystals, Zhao Hai still regarded them as more important than either gold or silver

These crystals were too useful for Zhao Hai, especially now as he battled against the Divine Race . Because of this, Zhao Hai was more than happy to see his harvests in Inferno Island

At this time, his only use for the crystals was as ammunition for the magic cannons . But Zhao Hai believed that he would be able to find ways to use them for other things in the future

While Zhao Hai was inside the Space looking at his loot, he didn’t neglect his work outside . At this moment, the blood ghost staff was flying towards the Radiant Empire, this way, there would be no delays in his operation

At this time, Laura came . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what happened? We heard the prompts . ”.

Lizzy and Megan were commanding the war against the Divine Race, so they couldn’t just leave . However, Laura had nothing significant to do, so when she heard the prompts, she immediately went to see Zhao Hai

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I got a lot of good things . Take a look . ” Then he turned to the page on the warehouse showing the amount of crystals that they currently had . Zhao Hai had a lot of things stored inside the Space’s warehouse, this caused the warehouse to have a lot of pages

However, it was great that the warehouse arranged the items inside according to the time it was stored . Because of this, those stored earlier appeared on the earlier pages while those recently stored appeared at the back

When Laura looked at the page, they were immediately surprised . River of earth fire, crystal stones, golden sand . Not to say about the river of earth fire and the golden sand, the amount of crystals alone was enough to stun anyone

Laura looked at the crystals and said, “So there’s classifications with crystals . Brother Hai, what kinds of crystals have we been using so far?”.

Zhao Hai forced a smile, “The low grade ones . ” Then Laura looked at the 1 billion low grade crystals on the page, she was caught speechless

Then Zhao Hai said, “Besides the crystals, there are also the river of earth fire and the golden sand . At this point, I don’t know how to use them . I wanted to but it seems like the Space’s level isn’t high enough . ”.

Laura stared at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you really don’t know? The Space is already had a high level, yet it still can’t find a way?”.

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “Right, it’s still insufficient . But now we can buy ten magic backgrounds as well as 20 ordinary backgrounds . I think we should hold back in buying more, we’re still quite short on resources . ”.

Laura nodded, she knew what Zhao Hai meant . When Zhao Hai made the Ark Space, he had almost used up all of his money . Therefore, its quite unintuitive for them to buy more backgrounds

After closing the warehouse interface, Zhao Hai lead Laura back to the living room, while they were walking he said, “I’ve already absorbed everything there is to acquire in Inferno Island . We don’t need to return there in the future . Moreover, the crystals that we have in our hands is more than enough to deal with the Divine Race . ”.

Laura nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, “Most importantly, I acquired the heart of earth fire . I’ve placed it underground so that in the future we would be able to produce crystals for ourselves . There might also be more river of earth fire and golden sand for us to harvest . ”.

Laura smiled and said, “That’s good . Right, Brother Hai, if we sell those crystals to the Space I reckon they would fetch quite a price . ”.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Forget it . The Space will not take any losses . If we sell our crystals and end up wanting to use them in the future, then the Space would sell it to us with a higher price compared to when we sold it . In any case, our current resources are enough . There’s no need to sell the crystals . ”.

Laura nodded . As they were talking, they had already reached the living room . Lizzy and Megan were present inside, taking charge in fighting against the Divine Race . At this time, Lizzy was working while Megan rested on the side

Zhao Hai was aware that commanding a battle would be taxing to the brain . If one were to take charge over everything, then they would definitely be exhausted sooner or later . It was good that there were two of them, one could command while the other rests

Zhao Hai didn’t disturb them and returned to his own room to look at the monitor . He estimated the time before they reach the Radiant Church

What Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of was the scene happening in the Ark Space . Besides the soldiers, most of these people had never witnessed a battle before . Even the soldiers present haven’t been in one with this large of a scale . They had battle against the Demons and the Divine Race, but participating in a siege of this big was something they haven’t done before

While looking at the battle, the population was burning with pride . One could hear people cheering and applauding here and there everytime the Divine Race gets repelled

However, there were also some people who looked at this scene with heavy expressions . This was because they can see how strong the Divine Race was . Although they had been repelled by the undead many times, those inquisitive enough could count that the Divine Race had been doing this for more than 40 times

They had failed forty times, and with heavy casualties in each attack . Nevertheless, the Divine Race still pushed on with the same tenacity as before

Although this was only a small thing, those in the know understood how fierce the Divine Race’s soldiers actually were

In the battlefield, the pressure of the fight had a large impact on the fighting strength of a soldier . Facing repetitive failures under unending attacks from the enemies, seeing your allies die in front of you, these weren’t something that an average soldier could bear

However, the Divine Race’s soldiers actually managed to harden their hearts . They seem to be unable to comprehend their losses . They still charged, time and time again . If they were faced with any other army, then they would’ve already broken through

Upon recognizing the quality of soldiers that the Divine Race had, these people couldn’t help but feel terrible

They initially thought that Zhao Hai was being extra when he made them move to the Space . Some of them even felt uncomfortable . After all, the Space belonged to Zhao Hai . His status inside this place was incomparably high . Even the Rosen Emperor was uncomfortable with this decision

They had seen the battle with the Demon Race . And now that they had witnessed the battle with the Divine race, their sense of unwillingness immediately vanished

The Divine Race was just too strong, they surpassed what these people imagined . The Rosen Emperor let out a long sigh . Randolph who stood beside him asked, “Your Majesty, what’s wrong?”.

The Rosen Emperor forced a smile and said, “I didn’t think the Divine Race would be this strong . No wonder Little Hai urged us to enter the Space . If we disagreed at that time, then I’m afraid we would be in grave danger . ”.

Randolph nodded, he sighed and said, “I didn’t expect the Divine Race’s soldiers to be this aggressive . ”.

Both of them made another sigh before turning around and returned to the Imperial Palace . They were people of status after all, they had a lot of things to do . They didn’t have the time to stay and watch everything

Zhao Hai was unaware of all of these since he was poised to attack the Radiant Empire . The magic staff had already arrived on the southeast side of the Radiant Empire, this was where Zhao Hai and the others thought to be the best place to stage their attack

The Radiant Empire’s southwest side was where the Divine Race’s descended land had landed on . Zhao Hai didn’t want to attack that new land for now, if he did, then it was possible that the Divine Race would send forces directly from the Divine Realm

Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to attack from the southeast then heading towards the northwest, diagonally sweeping the Radiant Empire . With this, he would avoid the new land while sweeping the most number of magic cannons and Goblins along the way

Since the battle on Accra Mountains was still underway, Zhao Hai took command of the undead this time . The undead he used were Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people . All in all, the army numbered to near 20 million

Zhao Hai didn’t have these undead participate in the defense of Accra Mountain, This was because he had discovered how discontent the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus were towards the Divine Race . If he dispatched these troops, then Zhao Hai’s hard work on bringing those two on his side would go to waste, it might even arouse anger in the two groups’ heart . If those two armies joined the Divine Race in attacking the Accra Mountains, then that would not be good





* * *

Chapter 816 – Attack!

Zhao Hai stood on his blood ghost staff transformed into a flying sword . Behind him was his near 20 million undead army . However, these undead were in their zombie form . The Barbarians were in the center while the Winged Pegasus flanked them .

Zhao Hai didn’t use the cube formation this time . Although the cube formation had great advantages in attack and defense, its downside was its slow movement . Also, maintaining a cube formation needed some mental energy .

Because of this, Zhao Hai chose his current formation . He wasn’t planning to wage a large scale battle, he only needed to kill and then plunder, speed was key in this operation . If he was tied down by the Divine Race, then even if he wasn’t in danger he wouldn’t be able to get a lot of benefits .

Zhao Hai looked at the undead before said, “Remember, the Winged Pegasus are tasked with getting the Goblins . Me and the Barbarians will take care of the cities as well as the magic cannons . ”

Zhao Hai wasn’t commanding a Human Army, so after saying this, he didn’t have to repeat his words . For the undead, Zhao Hai’s words were gospel . There was no need to think about nonsense, they will execute it no matter what .

After saying his words, Zhao Hai waved his arm and said, “Depart!” Then he took the lead as he flew towards the Radiant Empire .

When Zhao Hai departed, another monitor appeared on the cities of the Ark Space . The people who saw the image displayed was stunned, they were afraid that Zhao Hai would be injured by the enemy’s defense .





Although they were now inside the Space, they were still concerned about the war going on outside . After all, they were inside Zhao Hai’s Space, and Zhao Hai was personally taking charge of the battle .

Before panic ensued, a voice came, “Please calm down . Mister Zhao Hai planned to entangle the Divine Race army in the Accra Mountain in order to execute his plan; attacking the Radiant Empire!”

Along with this voice, a map appeared showing the Accra Mountain’s defensive line . Red dots on the map represented the undead army, green represented the Divine Race . Along with the map and dots, arrows also appeared, explaining the plan .

Before long, the population calmed down as they looked at the monitor . The map’s activity looked just like an overhead view of the situation . There were mountains and rivers as well as cities of the Buddha Empire that were very well depicted .

There were green arrows showing the route of the Divine Race, red arrows showed Zhao Hai’s movement .

The people could see a large green arrow plowing through the Buddha Empire with little to no resistance . After reaching the Accra Mountain, this arrow stopped since they were blocked by small red arrows . These small arrows were naturally the undead manning the defensive line .

The arrows moved while the voice explained what was happening . Even ordinary illiterate farmers were able to understand the simple explanation .

Then the monitor changed its display to the Radiant Empire . The voice then said, “While the undead in Accra Mountains detained the Divine Race, mister Zhao Hai amassed another undead army to attack the Radiant Empire . He would kill his way across the entire Divine Race camp!” At the same time, the screen showed a red arrow quickly moving diagonally across the map, killing from the southeast to the northwest .

After the explanation, the map vanished . Then the display showed Zhao Hai’s attack on the Radiant Empire . “Mister Zhao Hai had already started his attack . ”





After the explanation, the map vanished . Then the display showed Zhao Hai’s attack on the Radiant Empire . “Mister Zhao Hai had already started his attack . ”

The monitor showed a close up look of Zhao Hai . He was currently wearing his black robe as he rode on his flying sword . The wind was making his robe and belt wave, making the people look in awe .

Zhao Hai was calm as he paid attention to his front . They had entered the Radiant Empire and the Divine Race shouldn’t be expecting them to attack . Because of this, there was simply no defensive force on the Radiant Empire’s coastline .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t become careless . The entire Radiant Empire had become a large magic formation . Although this formation was used to break the Ark Continent’s barrier, who knows if it had any other uses, so Zhao Hai was being careful .

Zhao Hai was also aware that his actions were currently being broadcasted to the Ark Space . Cai’er already told him about it . This was what they agreed beforehand, its purpose was to improve Zhao Hai’s positive image .

While Zhao Hai advanced, he noticed that there were Divine Race soldiers stationed in a place not far from him . It was only a small town, so there weren’t a lot of people there . On the other hand, there were many Goblins working the field .

Zhao Hai wasn’t polite as he waved his hand, leading his army to kill . On the monitor, Zhao Hai’s army looked like an arrow as it overran the town that the Divine Race had occupied .

Everyone couldn’t help but hold their breath as the looked at the happenings on the screen . When the Divine Race soldiers stationed in the town noticed Zhao Hai’s army, they couldn’t help but panic .

They had no other choice, they were in a small town with little to no defensive strength . There weren’t even any magic cannons on the walls . In fact this place was only a slave town specifically set up by the Divine Race to manage their slaves . Additionally, the Divine Race didn’t expect anyone to attack their base, therefore they didn’t bother placing defensive measures on this town .





They had no other choice, they were in a small town with little to no defensive strength . There weren’t even any magic cannons on the walls . In fact this place was only a slave town specifically set up by the Divine Race to manage their slaves . Additionally, the Divine Race didn’t expect anyone to attack their base, therefore they didn’t bother placing defensive measures on this town .

Zhao Hai went forward and led the Barbarians to kill into the city while the Winged Pegasus cavalry were going through the Goblins outside the city . Each and every Goblin were startled when the Winged Pegasus picked them up .

These Goblins were unaware that these cavalry soldiers had been turned into undead . They haven’t studied magic nor battle qi, therefore they weren’t so keen on things like these .

Although they were scared of the Winged Pegasus, they still didn’t dare to run . They knew they couldn’t escape no matter what they did . And if they dared to run, then the Divine Race would surely kill them .

All of the undead Winged Pegasus were 9th ranks, they didn’t even need to expend any effort in abducting the Goblins . They simply swept over the Goblins and threw them into the Space . The place where the Goblins were transported to was an ordinary background different from the Ark Continent and the Demons’ Space .

Naturally, the people from the Ark Continent didn’t see this on the monitor . What they were looking at was Zhao Hai and the Barbarians battling against the Divine Race .

The weapon that the Barbarians were currently equipped with were the javelins . Zhao Hai believed that of all the people in his control, the Barbarians would be the ones who can use the javelins at their full potential .

This was simply because the Barbarians were too strong, letting them use bows and arrows would be a complete waste . However, if they use javelins, their attacks would be stronger and more savage compared to before . If he wasn’t afraid of angering the Barbarian Race, then Zhao Hai would’ve already used the undead Barbarians to deal with the Divine Race .

But using them at this time was also good . The undead Barbarians followed Zhao Hai as they attacked the Divine Race’s town . At this time, in the skies of that town were several Divine Race soldiers establishing their Domain .

However, their strength was simply negligible in front of Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai waved his hand as he sent his flying sword to kill the Divine Race soldiers .



But using them at this time was also good . The undead Barbarians followed Zhao Hai as they attacked the Divine Race’s town . At this time, in the skies of that town were several Divine Race soldiers establishing their Domain .

However, their strength was simply negligible in front of Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai waved his hand as he sent his flying sword to kill the Divine Race soldiers .

The blood red sword was very fast, to the point that only a red streak can be seen . Domains were broken while bloodstains appeared on the chests of the Divine Race soldiers . The bloodstains were getting bigger and bigger . When the Divine Race soldiers looked at their chests, they were shocked . Zhao Hai’s sword just punctured through their bodies, slicing their hearts into pieces . Naturally, it was impossible for them to survive this damage .

When the Divine Race soldiers died, Zhao Hai took them into the Space and then released them in Accra Mountain in order to help in the battle .

The entire process went too fast, those who winked managed to miss it . However, the voice went on to replay and explain what just happened . They even slowed the footage down so that everyone could see the attack .

After seeing Zhao Hai kill the Divine Race soldiers with a wave of his hand, the people couldn’t help but clap their hands . Then after that, they saw the rain of javelins blotting out the sky . It was needless to say but the Divine Race soldiers in the town was obliterated in an instant .

Upon killing the Divine Race, Zhao Hai didn’t leave . Instead, he went to look for detained Goblins and released them .

Additionally, Zhao Hai was also looking through the place . He wanted to retrieve the dried up bodies of the people who were used as a sacrifice by the Divine Race .



Chapter 816 – Attack!.

Zhao Hai stood on his blood ghost staff transformed into a flying sword . Behind him was his near 20 million undead army . However, these undead were in their zombie form . The Barbarians were in the center while the Winged Pegasus flanked them

Zhao Hai didn’t use the cube formation this time . Although the cube formation had great advantages in attack and defense, its downside was its slow movement . Also, maintaining a cube formation needed some mental energy

Because of this, Zhao Hai chose his current formation . He wasn’t planning to wage a large scale battle, he only needed to kill and then plunder, speed was key in this operation . If he was tied down by the Divine Race, then even if he wasn’t in danger he wouldn’t be able to get a lot of benefits

Zhao Hai looked at the undead before said, “Remember, the Winged Pegasus are tasked with getting the Goblins . Me and the Barbarians will take care of the cities as well as the magic cannons . ”.

Zhao Hai wasn’t commanding a Human Army, so after saying this, he didn’t have to repeat his words . For the undead, Zhao Hai’s words were gospel . There was no need to think about nonsense, they will execute it no matter what

After saying his words, Zhao Hai waved his arm and said, “Depart!” Then he took the lead as he flew towards the Radiant Empire

When Zhao Hai departed, another monitor appeared on the cities of the Ark Space . The people who saw the image displayed was stunned, they were afraid that Zhao Hai would be injured by the enemy’s defense

Although they were now inside the Space, they were still concerned about the war going on outside . After all, they were inside Zhao Hai’s Space, and Zhao Hai was personally taking charge of the battle

Before panic ensued, a voice came, “Please calm down . Mister Zhao Hai planned to entangle the Divine Race army in the Accra Mountain in order to execute his plan; attacking the Radiant Empire!”.

Along with this voice, a map appeared showing the Accra Mountain’s defensive line . Red dots on the map represented the undead army, green represented the Divine Race . Along with the map and dots, arrows also appeared, explaining the plan

Before long, the population calmed down as they looked at the monitor . The map’s activity looked just like an overhead view of the situation . There were mountains and rivers as well as cities of the Buddha Empire that were very well depicted

There were green arrows showing the route of the Divine Race, red arrows showed Zhao Hai’s movement

The people could see a large green arrow plowing through the Buddha Empire with little to no resistance . After reaching the Accra Mountain, this arrow stopped since they were blocked by small red arrows . These small arrows were naturally the undead manning the defensive line

The arrows moved while the voice explained what was happening . Even ordinary illiterate farmers were able to understand the simple explanation

Then the monitor changed its display to the Radiant Empire . The voice then said, “While the undead in Accra Mountains detained the Divine Race, mister Zhao Hai amassed another undead army to attack the Radiant Empire . He would kill his way across the entire Divine Race camp!” At the same time, the screen showed a red arrow quickly moving diagonally across the map, killing from the southeast to the northwest

After the explanation, the map vanished . Then the display showed Zhao Hai’s attack on the Radiant Empire . “Mister Zhao Hai had already started his attack . ”.

The monitor showed a close up look of Zhao Hai . He was currently wearing his black robe as he rode on his flying sword . The wind was making his robe and belt wave, making the people look in awe

Zhao Hai was calm as he paid attention to his front . They had entered the Radiant Empire and the Divine Race shouldn’t be expecting them to attack . Because of this, there was simply no defensive force on the Radiant Empire’s coastline

However, Zhao Hai didn’t become careless . The entire Radiant Empire had become a large magic formation . Although this formation was used to break the Ark Continent’s barrier, who knows if it had any other uses, so Zhao Hai was being careful

Zhao Hai was also aware that his actions were currently being broadcasted to the Ark Space . Cai’er already told him about it . This was what they agreed beforehand, its purpose was to improve Zhao Hai’s positive image

While Zhao Hai advanced, he noticed that there were Divine Race soldiers stationed in a place not far from him . It was only a small town, so there weren’t a lot of people there . On the other hand, there were many Goblins working the field

Zhao Hai wasn’t polite as he waved his hand, leading his army to kill . On the monitor, Zhao Hai’s army looked like an arrow as it overran the town that the Divine Race had occupied

Everyone couldn’t help but hold their breath as the looked at the happenings on the screen . When the Divine Race soldiers stationed in the town noticed Zhao Hai’s army, they couldn’t help but panic

They had no other choice, they were in a small town with little to no defensive strength . There weren’t even any magic cannons on the walls . In fact this place was only a slave town specifically set up by the Divine Race to manage their slaves . Additionally, the Divine Race didn’t expect anyone to attack their base, therefore they didn’t bother placing defensive measures on this town

Zhao Hai went forward and led the Barbarians to kill into the city while the Winged Pegasus cavalry were going through the Goblins outside the city . Each and every Goblin were startled when the Winged Pegasus picked them up

These Goblins were unaware that these cavalry soldiers had been turned into undead . They haven’t studied magic nor battle qi, therefore they weren’t so keen on things like these

Although they were scared of the Winged Pegasus, they still didn’t dare to run . They knew they couldn’t escape no matter what they did . And if they dared to run, then the Divine Race would surely kill them

All of the undead Winged Pegasus were 9th ranks, they didn’t even need to expend any effort in abducting the Goblins . They simply swept over the Goblins and threw them into the Space . The place where the Goblins were transported to was an ordinary background different from the Ark Continent and the Demons’ Space

Naturally, the people from the Ark Continent didn’t see this on the monitor . What they were looking at was Zhao Hai and the Barbarians battling against the Divine Race

The weapon that the Barbarians were currently equipped with were the javelins . Zhao Hai believed that of all the people in his control, the Barbarians would be the ones who can use the javelins at their full potential

This was simply because the Barbarians were too strong, letting them use bows and arrows would be a complete waste . However, if they use javelins, their attacks would be stronger and more savage compared to before . If he wasn’t afraid of angering the Barbarian Race, then Zhao Hai would’ve already used the undead Barbarians to deal with the Divine Race

But using them at this time was also good . The undead Barbarians followed Zhao Hai as they attacked the Divine Race’s town . At this time, in the skies of that town were several Divine Race soldiers establishing their Domain

However, their strength was simply negligible in front of Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai waved his hand as he sent his flying sword to kill the Divine Race soldiers

The blood red sword was very fast, to the point that only a red streak can be seen . Domains were broken while bloodstains appeared on the chests of the Divine Race soldiers . The bloodstains were getting bigger and bigger . When the Divine Race soldiers looked at their chests, they were shocked . Zhao Hai’s sword just punctured through their bodies, slicing their hearts into pieces . Naturally, it was impossible for them to survive this damage

When the Divine Race soldiers died, Zhao Hai took them into the Space and then released them in Accra Mountain in order to help in the battle

The entire process went too fast, those who winked managed to miss it . However, the voice went on to replay and explain what just happened . They even slowed the footage down so that everyone could see the attack

After seeing Zhao Hai kill the Divine Race soldiers with a wave of his hand, the people couldn’t help but clap their hands . Then after that, they saw the rain of javelins blotting out the sky . It was needless to say but the Divine Race soldiers in the town was obliterated in an instant

Upon killing the Divine Race, Zhao Hai didn’t leave . Instead, he went to look for detained Goblins and released them

Additionally, Zhao Hai was also looking through the place . He wanted to retrieve the dried up bodies of the people who were used as a sacrifice by the Divine Race





* * *

Chapter 817 – Letting Matters Drift

Zhao Hai didn’t do these things for no reason . He found the Goblins in order to let the people from the Ark Continent know how the Divine Race treated those that they had enslaved . At the same time, Zhao Hai looked for the bodies of the Radiant Empire citizens in order to show the people what the Divine Race did in the Radiant Empire .

All of this was for Zhao Hai to get a good reception among the populace . He wanted the people to think of him well .

Not only would he make himself look good, he would also turn the Divine Race into the evil ones . Only then would the people from the Ark Continent understand what Zhao Hai did for them . In the end, they would worship Zhao Hai and may even think of him as a god .

This was just a part of a long-term plan . But with the Space, Zhao Hai believed that the goal should be reached soon . This was because the Space had an effect on the minds of people .

While Zhao Hai rescued the Goblins, he was also carefully inspecting them . The expressions of these Goblins were neither happy nor sad, even sorrow was absent . They were numb to the surroundings, they had dull and lifeless expressions . All of the people from the Ark Continent who saw this felt their heart tremble .

Especially after they saw the eyes of the Goblins . Their eyes were completely devoid of life, the look on their eyes were quite similar to those that belonged to Zhao Hai’s undead . They simply weren’t the eyes of someone who thought of living .

The Goblins were very short, even shorter than the Dwarves . Because of this, they looked very much like children when standing right next to Zhao Hai . However, they were very malnourished . They looked like figures with large heads and skinny bodies . Comparing them to radishes wouldn’t be too far off .

Upon seeing the Goblins, the people from the Ark Continent couldn’t help but think about their children . If the Ark Continent was conquered by the Divine Race, then the children might look very much like the Goblins; slim bodies with big heads .

After thinking about this, the people couldn’t help but shiver in fright . They immediately stopped thinking about this dreadful outcome . At this point, they couldn’t help but feel grateful towards Zhao Hai . Not only was Zhao Hai fighting the Demons and the Divine Race, he also provided them with safety inside the Space .





After taking the Goblins to the Space, Zhao Hai flew outside the town . The people from the Ark Continent didn’t know what Zhao Hai was doing up until they saw a ravine in the mountain . Inside that ravine was a pile of dead bodies .

Seeing the dried up corpses made the people in the Ark Space call out in alarm . Those with little courage turned their heads away, unable to look directly at the scene .

At this time, the voice came, “Everyone, these corpses that you see belonged to the citizens of the Radiant Empire, the Ocean Waves Dynasty . In order to reach the Ark Continent, the Divine Race used them to carry a blood sacrifice . Not one person in the Ocean Waves Dynasty survived . After the Divine Race arrived, they threw these bodies away as though they were outlaws . You can see the bodies, they were almost all kneeling, praying to their Empire, to the Radiant Church . They prayed that the Radiant God would give them a happy life . But they didn’t expect that they wouldn’t be given a happy life, instead, they were sacrificed!”

When those less courageous heard this, they opened their eyes to look at the kneeling corpses .

The people of the Ark Continent became angry . But this image didn’t stay still for a long time . Zhao Hai used magic to bury the ravine . Then after giving a bow to the dead, he turned around and lead the undead to their next target .

Their attack was focused on speed . And since there weren’t much Divine Race soldiers left, Zhao Hai’s advance went very fast . Every city he met was broken through immediately . He took all the Goblins and magic cannons he came across while eliminating every Divine Race soldier . Zhao Hai also looked for the corpses outside each city and buried them .

After attacking two cities, the broadcast showing Zhao Hai stopped . Now, the people of the Ark Space were back to looking at the Accra Mountains .

Although the battle was still lively, the feelings of the people from the Ark Continent were now heavier, they weren’t as enthusiastic to see the fight as before .

As for what the people of the Ark Space was thinking? Zhao Hai didn’t know . At this point, he was breaking through cities in the Radiant Church and taking everything that can be taken . Nothing was left for the Divine Race .

All the Goblins have been taken away, none of them were left behind . This can be regarded to be damaging towards the Divine Race . After all, without the Goblins, the army would have nothing to eat .





All the Goblins have been taken away, none of them were left behind . This can be regarded to be damaging towards the Divine Race . After all, without the Goblins, the army would have nothing to eat .

This was also the reason why Zhao Hai cut the broadcast of his actions short . He didn’t want the people of the continent to see him plundering the Radiant Empire . They might see him as a greedy person .

Zhao Hai’s movement was very fast . Although he was met with occasional resistance, they were all reduced to nothing in the face of the blood lightning javelins .

The magic cannons of the Divine Race can only be described as fine . Compared to the crystals used by the Ark Continent, their ammunition was actually worse .

The Divine Race naturally didn’t expect people to attack them . Because of this, their response has been very slow . Moreover, dealing with Zhao Hai’s 20 million army was quite hard . Their only choice would be either asking for reinforcements from the Divine Realm or to make the Third Prince come back .

However, the Third Prince was currently entangled in the Accra Mountains . Even if his army was quick to go back, rescue was still impossible . At this point, asking for reinforcements from the Divine Realm was a more feasible action .

But then again, by the time the reinforcements had arrived, Zhao Hai was already done and had returned to the Space .

Zhao Hai’s action took two days and one night of continuous battles .

After the attack, Zhao Hai had captured about 50 million Goblins, 3200 magic cannons, and various other commodities .

After arranging the Goblins to an ordinary background and counting the inventory, Zhao Hai went to visit the Goblins .

The spirit of the Goblins seem to have gotten better after entering the Space . Their numb expression loosened up . These Goblins weren’t stupid, they were also able to discover that this strange place had a much better environment compared to the Ark Continent, it might even be better than the Divine Realm . Moreover, they couldn’t see any Divine Race around them, only other Goblins .





The spirit of the Goblins seem to have gotten better after entering the Space . Their numb expression loosened up . These Goblins weren’t stupid, they were also able to discover that this strange place had a much better environment compared to the Ark Continent, it might even be better than the Divine Realm . Moreover, they couldn’t see any Divine Race around them, only other Goblins .

At this point, the Goblins were already aware that they have been abducted by the people from the Ark Continent . Before coming here, the Divine Race already told them about the Ark Continent . After all, the existence of the Ark Continent wasn’t a secret since the continent’s ascendants always appear in the Divine Realm .

The Goblins didn’t expect that the people from the Ark Continent would be this powerful . They can actually cause trouble to the Divine Race . This was something that the Goblins wouldn’t even dream of doing .

Two days and one night passed by after the first Goblin arrived in the Space . Upon arriving, they were very scared, so they didn’t dare to walk around too much . But after two days, they began to get hungry . Naturally, they would have to look for food . It’s fortunate for them that Zhao Hai had a lot of bread trees planted in this background . After the Goblins discovered that the bread fruits were edible, they immediately ate it until they were full .

These Goblins didn’t know what it felt to be full . Since childhood, they had always eaten little to no food . After the Goblins felt their stomachs bulge up, some of them couldn’t stop themselves from crying .

During the time when they were being pursued by the Divine Race, they hid themselves in the untamed mountains and rivers of the Divine Realm . And since the Divine Realm was somewhat better than the Ark continent, the Goblins were still able to eat . However, ever since they’ve been captured, they had always been eating minimally .

In the background, there were plenty of bread fruits . Zhao Hai hardly used these fruits to feed the people of the Ark Space . This was because the people already had an excess of food while also growing their own . At this point, Zhao Hai doesn’t need to worry about their sustenance .

And if Zhao Hai were to sell these bread fruits to the Space, he would just get a pitifully low amount of gold coins . So even if they were eaten by the Goblins, Zhao Hai didn’t really care .

The bodies of the Goblins weren’t very big and since they had been starved for so long, their stomachs have contracted . They weren’t able to eat a lot so each bread fruit was enough to feed three Goblins .

When Zhao Hai appeared inside the Space, the Goblins were in the process of collecting bread fruits . Upon seeing Zhao Hai appear, the Goblins immediately knelt to the ground .

Zhao Hai looked at the Goblins and said, “You’re going to live here from now on . The Divine Race cannot enter this place . However, since this place is mine I shall be your master . I won’t treat you like slaves but I need you to comply to my orders . As long as you do your job, you can have anything you want . ”



When Zhao Hai appeared inside the Space, the Goblins were in the process of collecting bread fruits . Upon seeing Zhao Hai appear, the Goblins immediately knelt to the ground .

Zhao Hai looked at the Goblins and said, “You’re going to live here from now on . The Divine Race cannot enter this place . However, since this place is mine I shall be your master . I won’t treat you like slaves but I need you to comply to my orders . As long as you do your job, you can have anything you want . ”

Zhao Hai knew that these Goblins weren’t just enslaved for one or two years . If you speak with them as equals right now, then their minds would surely turn blank . Speaking to them in a superior position was the only way for now .

Sure enough, the Goblins immediately accepted Zhao Hai’s condition . Not only were they not disappointed, each and every one of their expressions was showing glee .

The Space’s environment was already very good and since Zhao Hai didn’t have any gold coins right now, he couldn’t make any structures for these Goblins . He only gave an instruction, “As you can see, there are bread trees in this place . You can use those trees to eat and build houses with . I will also place some low ranked magic beasts in this place for you to catch . And if you have anything else you want, you can trade them for the meat and fruits here . ” Then Zhao Hai pointed to a place not far away . The ground on that place rumbled before a church like building rose up .

This building wasn’t very big, but it looked very stylish . Zhao Hai looked at the Goblins and then said, “This will be your Divine Palace . If you need something, you can take the bread fruits or your meat there to trade . As long as bread fruits and meat enters that place and you say what you need, it will appear . Understood?” The Goblins nodded, some even gave a shout .

Zhao Hai nodded before his body flashed as it disappeared . He didn’t want to manage the Goblins . Later on when he goes to the Divine Realm, more and more Goblins would arrive . When that time comes, Zhao Hai wanted to see how they develop by themselves .

After the Goblins saw Zhao Hai leave, they immediately stood up . There were several of them who led other goblins and organized parties in order to gather bread fruits .

In any group, there would always be people who will assume the role of a leader . The Goblins weren’t an exception . Some Goblins were born with the talent to lead but since they were enslaved by the Divine Race, they weren’t able to let that talent bloom . But now that they had the opportunity, these Goblins went on to manage their fellow kin . Everyone went on to gather bread fruits then prepared to trade them for other items inside the church .

In fact, factions had already formed . Zhao Hai took a hands-off approach towards the Goblins . This was because the Goblins had their entire civilization and history wiped out . If he were to give them direction, then they wouldn’t be able to regain their original state . Letting them drift on their own was the correct choice .



Chapter 817 – Letting Matters Drift.

Zhao Hai didn’t do these things for no reason . He found the Goblins in order to let the people from the Ark Continent know how the Divine Race treated those that they had enslaved . At the same time, Zhao Hai looked for the bodies of the Radiant Empire citizens in order to show the people what the Divine Race did in the Radiant Empire

All of this was for Zhao Hai to get a good reception among the populace . He wanted the people to think of him well

Not only would he make himself look good, he would also turn the Divine Race into the evil ones . Only then would the people from the Ark Continent understand what Zhao Hai did for them . In the end, they would worship Zhao Hai and may even think of him as a god

This was just a part of a long-term plan . But with the Space, Zhao Hai believed that the goal should be reached soon . This was because the Space had an effect on the minds of people

While Zhao Hai rescued the Goblins, he was also carefully inspecting them . The expressions of these Goblins were neither happy nor sad, even sorrow was absent . They were numb to the surroundings, they had dull and lifeless expressions . All of the people from the Ark Continent who saw this felt their heart tremble

Especially after they saw the eyes of the Goblins . Their eyes were completely devoid of life, the look on their eyes were quite similar to those that belonged to Zhao Hai’s undead . They simply weren’t the eyes of someone who thought of living

The Goblins were very short, even shorter than the Dwarves . Because of this, they looked very much like children when standing right next to Zhao Hai . However, they were very malnourished . They looked like figures with large heads and skinny bodies . Comparing them to radishes wouldn’t be too far off

Upon seeing the Goblins, the people from the Ark Continent couldn’t help but think about their children . If the Ark Continent was conquered by the Divine Race, then the children might look very much like the Goblins; slim bodies with big heads

After thinking about this, the people couldn’t help but shiver in fright . They immediately stopped thinking about this dreadful outcome . At this point, they couldn’t help but feel grateful towards Zhao Hai . Not only was Zhao Hai fighting the Demons and the Divine Race, he also provided them with safety inside the Space

After taking the Goblins to the Space, Zhao Hai flew outside the town . The people from the Ark Continent didn’t know what Zhao Hai was doing up until they saw a ravine in the mountain . Inside that ravine was a pile of dead bodies

Seeing the dried up corpses made the people in the Ark Space call out in alarm . Those with little courage turned their heads away, unable to look directly at the scene

At this time, the voice came, “Everyone, these corpses that you see belonged to the citizens of the Radiant Empire, the Ocean Waves Dynasty . In order to reach the Ark Continent, the Divine Race used them to carry a blood sacrifice . Not one person in the Ocean Waves Dynasty survived . After the Divine Race arrived, they threw these bodies away as though they were outlaws . You can see the bodies, they were almost all kneeling, praying to their Empire, to the Radiant Church . They prayed that the Radiant God would give them a happy life . But they didn’t expect that they wouldn’t be given a happy life, instead, they were sacrificed!”.

When those less courageous heard this, they opened their eyes to look at the kneeling corpses

The people of the Ark Continent became angry . But this image didn’t stay still for a long time . Zhao Hai used magic to bury the ravine . Then after giving a bow to the dead, he turned around and lead the undead to their next target

Their attack was focused on speed . And since there weren’t much Divine Race soldiers left, Zhao Hai’s advance went very fast . Every city he met was broken through immediately . He took all the Goblins and magic cannons he came across while eliminating every Divine Race soldier . Zhao Hai also looked for the corpses outside each city and buried them

After attacking two cities, the broadcast showing Zhao Hai stopped . Now, the people of the Ark Space were back to looking at the Accra Mountains

Although the battle was still lively, the feelings of the people from the Ark Continent were now heavier, they weren’t as enthusiastic to see the fight as before

As for what the people of the Ark Space was thinking? Zhao Hai didn’t know . At this point, he was breaking through cities in the Radiant Church and taking everything that can be taken . Nothing was left for the Divine Race

All the Goblins have been taken away, none of them were left behind . This can be regarded to be damaging towards the Divine Race . After all, without the Goblins, the army would have nothing to eat

This was also the reason why Zhao Hai cut the broadcast of his actions short . He didn’t want the people of the continent to see him plundering the Radiant Empire . They might see him as a greedy person

Zhao Hai’s movement was very fast . Although he was met with occasional resistance, they were all reduced to nothing in the face of the blood lightning javelins

The magic cannons of the Divine Race can only be described as fine . Compared to the crystals used by the Ark Continent, their ammunition was actually worse

The Divine Race naturally didn’t expect people to attack them . Because of this, their response has been very slow . Moreover, dealing with Zhao Hai’s 20 million army was quite hard . Their only choice would be either asking for reinforcements from the Divine Realm or to make the Third Prince come back

However, the Third Prince was currently entangled in the Accra Mountains . Even if his army was quick to go back, rescue was still impossible . At this point, asking for reinforcements from the Divine Realm was a more feasible action

But then again, by the time the reinforcements had arrived, Zhao Hai was already done and had returned to the Space

Zhao Hai’s action took two days and one night of continuous battles

After the attack, Zhao Hai had captured about 50 million Goblins, 3200 magic cannons, and various other commodities

After arranging the Goblins to an ordinary background and counting the inventory, Zhao Hai went to visit the Goblins

The spirit of the Goblins seem to have gotten better after entering the Space . Their numb expression loosened up . These Goblins weren’t stupid, they were also able to discover that this strange place had a much better environment compared to the Ark Continent, it might even be better than the Divine Realm . Moreover, they couldn’t see any Divine Race around them, only other Goblins

At this point, the Goblins were already aware that they have been abducted by the people from the Ark Continent . Before coming here, the Divine Race already told them about the Ark Continent . After all, the existence of the Ark Continent wasn’t a secret since the continent’s ascendants always appear in the Divine Realm

The Goblins didn’t expect that the people from the Ark Continent would be this powerful . They can actually cause trouble to the Divine Race . This was something that the Goblins wouldn’t even dream of doing

Two days and one night passed by after the first Goblin arrived in the Space . Upon arriving, they were very scared, so they didn’t dare to walk around too much . But after two days, they began to get hungry . Naturally, they would have to look for food . It’s fortunate for them that Zhao Hai had a lot of bread trees planted in this background . After the Goblins discovered that the bread fruits were edible, they immediately ate it until they were full

These Goblins didn’t know what it felt to be full . Since childhood, they had always eaten little to no food . After the Goblins felt their stomachs bulge up, some of them couldn’t stop themselves from crying

During the time when they were being pursued by the Divine Race, they hid themselves in the untamed mountains and rivers of the Divine Realm . And since the Divine Realm was somewhat better than the Ark continent, the Goblins were still able to eat . However, ever since they’ve been captured, they had always been eating minimally

In the background, there were plenty of bread fruits . Zhao Hai hardly used these fruits to feed the people of the Ark Space . This was because the people already had an excess of food while also growing their own . At this point, Zhao Hai doesn’t need to worry about their sustenance

And if Zhao Hai were to sell these bread fruits to the Space, he would just get a pitifully low amount of gold coins . So even if they were eaten by the Goblins, Zhao Hai didn’t really care

The bodies of the Goblins weren’t very big and since they had been starved for so long, their stomachs have contracted . They weren’t able to eat a lot so each bread fruit was enough to feed three Goblins

When Zhao Hai appeared inside the Space, the Goblins were in the process of collecting bread fruits . Upon seeing Zhao Hai appear, the Goblins immediately knelt to the ground

Zhao Hai looked at the Goblins and said, “You’re going to live here from now on . The Divine Race cannot enter this place . However, since this place is mine I shall be your master . I won’t treat you like slaves but I need you to comply to my orders . As long as you do your job, you can have anything you want . ”.

Zhao Hai knew that these Goblins weren’t just enslaved for one or two years . If you speak with them as equals right now, then their minds would surely turn blank . Speaking to them in a superior position was the only way for now

Sure enough, the Goblins immediately accepted Zhao Hai’s condition . Not only were they not disappointed, each and every one of their expressions was showing glee

The Space’s environment was already very good and since Zhao Hai didn’t have any gold coins right now, he couldn’t make any structures for these Goblins . He only gave an instruction, “As you can see, there are bread trees in this place . You can use those trees to eat and build houses with . I will also place some low ranked magic beasts in this place for you to catch . And if you have anything else you want, you can trade them for the meat and fruits here . ” Then Zhao Hai pointed to a place not far away . The ground on that place rumbled before a church like building rose up

This building wasn’t very big, but it looked very stylish . Zhao Hai looked at the Goblins and then said, “This will be your Divine Palace . If you need something, you can take the bread fruits or your meat there to trade . As long as bread fruits and meat enters that place and you say what you need, it will appear . Understood?” The Goblins nodded, some even gave a shout

Zhao Hai nodded before his body flashed as it disappeared . He didn’t want to manage the Goblins . Later on when he goes to the Divine Realm, more and more Goblins would arrive . When that time comes, Zhao Hai wanted to see how they develop by themselves

After the Goblins saw Zhao Hai leave, they immediately stood up . There were several of them who led other goblins and organized parties in order to gather bread fruits

In any group, there would always be people who will assume the role of a leader . The Goblins weren’t an exception . Some Goblins were born with the talent to lead but since they were enslaved by the Divine Race, they weren’t able to let that talent bloom . But now that they had the opportunity, these Goblins went on to manage their fellow kin . Everyone went on to gather bread fruits then prepared to trade them for other items inside the church

In fact, factions had already formed . Zhao Hai took a hands-off approach towards the Goblins . This was because the Goblins had their entire civilization and history wiped out . If he were to give them direction, then they wouldn’t be able to regain their original state . Letting them drift on their own was the correct choice





* * *

Chapter 818 – Response of the Demon Race

The situation between the Goblins and the residents of the Ark Continent was different . In the case of the Ark Continent’s people, their civilization was completely copied into the Ark Space, allowing perfect preservation of their lifestyles .

On the other hand, the Goblins had a high foundation regarding magical-mechanical civilization . It might even be possible that they were stronger than the Ark Continent . However, that civilization had become useless, it had been destroyed . It may even exist only in tales . In this case, it was almost impossible for Zhao Hai to teach the Goblins about how to regain their civilization .

The reason Zhao Hai gave them the church was to make it clear to the Goblins that even if the Space was convenient, they still needed to work . If they want something, then they would need to exchange it with something else .

It wasn’t that Zhao Hai was stingy, he just didn’t want the Goblins to just eat and sleep . He would have them know that working hard was the way to gain the most .

The church was something that Zhao Hai asked Cai’er to make . In fact, it was just a relay for items to be sent in . As long as the Goblins ask for it, then they would receive the item that they want . No matter what they wanted, Zhao Hai would provide .

Naturally, asking for things would come at a price . For example, if the Goblins wanted an ordinary iron axe, then they would need to trade about a hundred jin of bread fruit,





This price was based on the Space’s shop . Even if the price on the Ark Continent fluctuated, the Space’s shop would never change . Also, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid that the Goblins would ask for advanced items . In their present location, there wasn’t anything they could trade for it .

The most abundant item in the Goblins’ background were the bread fruits, and these fruits were very cheap . Even if they trade the bread fruits of the entire background, the Goblins still wouldn’t be able to exchange for a single crystal stone .

After taking care of the Goblins, Zhao Hai turned his attention towards the battle in the Accra mountains . The fight was still going on and Thunder Yun was still clueless that the Radiant Empire had already been ravaged .

At this point, it was already impossible for Zhao Hai to attack the Radiant Empire for the second time . This was because reinforcements from the Divine Realm had arrived . Now they were ready to face Zhao Hai’s attack .

Also, Zhao Hai was faced with the problem of manpower . Although he had still had a lot of undead, the formidable ones like the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus were unable to be used . If they were used in the battle, then Zhao Hai might anger the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people .

Zhao Hai had a deep grudge towards the Divine Race, but he held no hatred towards the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus . To be honest, Zhao Hai was even feeling pity towards these two races . It was precisely because of this that when Zhao Hai discovered a peculiarity with the internal command of the Divine Race army, he immediately sent word to only send the minimum amount of troops towards the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus army . Zhao Hai wanted to send a signal that the Ark Continent didn’t have a grudge against them .

It can be said that Zhao Hai had done a successful job . The elite Barbarians and Winged Pegasus hardly made an effort in the battles which made the defense of Accra Mountains much easier .

But because of this action, Zhao Hai didn’t have enough troops to defend against the Divine Race . The people from the Ark Continent had already settled in the Ark Space . If he let the soldiers from the Ark Space help in the battle, then he might incur resentment from their families .





But because of this action, Zhao Hai didn’t have enough troops to defend against the Divine Race . The people from the Ark Continent had already settled in the Ark Space . If he let the soldiers from the Ark Space help in the battle, then he might incur resentment from their families .

This dilemma caused Zhao Hai to have a headache . But just as he was thinking of ways to solve this problem, a sound came in from his messenger fish . After taking the messenger fish out, Zhao Hai discovered that it was from the Great Demon King . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he slowly smiled .

After the Great Demon King reached an agreement with the Demon Dragon King, he immediately prepared to leave for the Demon Realm . But before he left, the Great Demon King had something to do first, and that was to wait for the Demon Vultures to come back . As long as they bring back information, then his plan would proceed to the next step .

It didn’t take too long before the Demon Vultures came back to Demon City . Upon arriving, they immediately went to ask for an audience with the Great Demon King . Naturally, the Great Demon King was expecting them, so he summoned one of them to give the report . He also invited the leaders of the other races present in the Demon Army .

After everyone arrived, the Great Demon King let the Demon vulture in . The Demon Vulture had a weary face but he still gave a salute . The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Alright, tell me what you saw . ”

The Demon Vulture nodded, and replied, “Your Majesty . When I departed, I started from Demon City, then passed through the Accra Mountains before entering the Lyon Empire . Then after that, I arrived at the Rosen Empire then to Aksu Empire . In all of those places, not a single person can be spotted . Everyone seemed to have moved . And in the Beastman Prairie we managed to see the dark mist of the Underworld . There were also undead frolicking inside the mist . ”

Upon hearing this, the Demon present couldn’t help but go into a buzz . They didn’t expect the Ark Continent’s people to have actually moved . Moreover, there was also the presence of the Underworld .

The Demons were generally fearless . But when it came to the Underworld, they couldn’t help but feel a deep sense of dread . This was because the underworld’s creatures were the bane of the Demon Race .





The Demons were generally fearless . But when it came to the Underworld, they couldn’t help but feel a deep sense of dread . This was because the underworld’s creatures were the bane of the Demon Race .

The Great Demon King looked at those present and said, “Silence!”

The room immediately turned quiet, not a single Demon dared to let out a sound . One could see the Great Demon King’s influence here . These people wouldn’t dare to disrespect the Great Demon King .

Seeing that the room had turned silent, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Vulture and said, “Good job . Now go take a rest . ” The Demon Vulture gave a bow before turning around to leave .

The Great Demon King looked at those present and said, “It seems like Mister Zhao Hai didn’t lie to us . I had a long discussion with mister Zhao Hai . He was very sincere when he took me to the place where the people of the Ark Continent migrated to . To be honest, when I went there I thought mister Zhao Hai had deceived me . The place was exactly the same as the Ark Continent . The people lived there peacefully, there were no wars that happened . ”

The people looked at the Great Demon King, they didn’t know where he was going with this talk . The Great Demon King continued, “Mister Zhao Hai told me that he didn’t have any hatred towards us, the Demons . He said that we only invaded the Ark Continent because we wanted to live a good life, so he couldn’t hate us . Also, since we didn’t destroy anything in the Ark Continent, he had a good impression towards our lifestyle . Later on, he took me to a place, it was a very good place, much better compared to the Ark Continent . Mister Zhao Hai said that if we are willing, then we can move and live there . ”

Although the Great Demon King issued an order for silence, the Demons present couldn’t help but issue a sound of surprise . What the Great Demon King said was too astonishing .

The Great Demon King opened his mouth once more, “You must think why mister Zhao Hai would do this? I’ll explain it to you . The Space actually belongs to mister Zhao Hai, it is his divergent ability . He can open a few spaces of his own and in those spaces he would be a god . That is to say, if the Demons live inside his Space, then we would need to follow him . Do you understand?”

When the group heard the Great Demon King, all of them collectively lost their voice . They didn’t expect things would be like this, all of them were looking at the Great Demon King in shock .



The Great Demon King opened his mouth once more, “You must think why mister Zhao Hai would do this? I’ll explain it to you . The Space actually belongs to mister Zhao Hai, it is his divergent ability . He can open a few spaces of his own and in those spaces he would be a god . That is to say, if the Demons live inside his Space, then we would need to follow him . Do you understand?”

When the group heard the Great Demon King, all of them collectively lost their voice . They didn’t expect things would be like this, all of them were looking at the Great Demon King in shock .

The Great Demon King saw their reactions and said, “Mister Zhao Hai gave me a promise that if the Demons enter the Space, then he wouldn’t suppress us for no reason . He also promised to not interfere with how we do things . He just pitied the state of the Demons and didn’t want us to succumb to the Underworld . ”

After saying this, the Great Demon King sighed and said, “In the past, the Demons and the Underworld had some encounters . And each time it was us who suffered greatly . At that time, the battle occured in the Demon Realm, so we can just seal the rift . However, the Underworld connected to the Ark Continent this time . Moreover, the entrance to the Demon Realm had been completely opened, it would be difficult to seal it . This means that the Demon Realm will forever be connected to the Underworld . ”

The Great Demon King looked at everyone present in the eye and said, “We managed to repel the Underworld because of the Demon Realm’s barrier . But now that the barrier to the Ark Continent was broken, the Underworld would surely be able to constantly connect to the Demon Realm . For the Demon Race this is truly a great disaster . ”

The Demons present weren’t fools, they completely understood what the Great Demon King was saying . If they didn’t migrate, then they would sooner or later be swallowed by the underworld .

The Great Demon King said, “If we enter mister Zhao Hai’s Space, then we wouldn’t need to worry about the Underworld . Moreover, mister Zhao Hai inviting us over isn’t fully because of good intention . The Demons can also provide him with good benefits . ”



Chapter 818 – Response of the Demon Race.

The situation between the Goblins and the residents of the Ark Continent was different . In the case of the Ark Continent’s people, their civilization was completely copied into the Ark Space, allowing perfect preservation of their lifestyles

On the other hand, the Goblins had a high foundation regarding magical-mechanical civilization . It might even be possible that they were stronger than the Ark Continent . However, that civilization had become useless, it had been destroyed . It may even exist only in tales . In this case, it was almost impossible for Zhao Hai to teach the Goblins about how to regain their civilization

The reason Zhao Hai gave them the church was to make it clear to the Goblins that even if the Space was convenient, they still needed to work . If they want something, then they would need to exchange it with something else

It wasn’t that Zhao Hai was stingy, he just didn’t want the Goblins to just eat and sleep . He would have them know that working hard was the way to gain the most

The church was something that Zhao Hai asked Cai’er to make . In fact, it was just a relay for items to be sent in . As long as the Goblins ask for it, then they would receive the item that they want . No matter what they wanted, Zhao Hai would provide

Naturally, asking for things would come at a price . For example, if the Goblins wanted an ordinary iron axe, then they would need to trade about a hundred jin of bread fruit,.

This price was based on the Space’s shop . Even if the price on the Ark Continent fluctuated, the Space’s shop would never change . Also, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid that the Goblins would ask for advanced items . In their present location, there wasn’t anything they could trade for it

The most abundant item in the Goblins’ background were the bread fruits, and these fruits were very cheap . Even if they trade the bread fruits of the entire background, the Goblins still wouldn’t be able to exchange for a single crystal stone

After taking care of the Goblins, Zhao Hai turned his attention towards the battle in the Accra mountains . The fight was still going on and Thunder Yun was still clueless that the Radiant Empire had already been ravaged

At this point, it was already impossible for Zhao Hai to attack the Radiant Empire for the second time . This was because reinforcements from the Divine Realm had arrived . Now they were ready to face Zhao Hai’s attack

Also, Zhao Hai was faced with the problem of manpower . Although he had still had a lot of undead, the formidable ones like the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus were unable to be used . If they were used in the battle, then Zhao Hai might anger the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people

Zhao Hai had a deep grudge towards the Divine Race, but he held no hatred towards the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus . To be honest, Zhao Hai was even feeling pity towards these two races . It was precisely because of this that when Zhao Hai discovered a peculiarity with the internal command of the Divine Race army, he immediately sent word to only send the minimum amount of troops towards the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus army . Zhao Hai wanted to send a signal that the Ark Continent didn’t have a grudge against them

It can be said that Zhao Hai had done a successful job . The elite Barbarians and Winged Pegasus hardly made an effort in the battles which made the defense of Accra Mountains much easier

But because of this action, Zhao Hai didn’t have enough troops to defend against the Divine Race . The people from the Ark Continent had already settled in the Ark Space . If he let the soldiers from the Ark Space help in the battle, then he might incur resentment from their families

This dilemma caused Zhao Hai to have a headache . But just as he was thinking of ways to solve this problem, a sound came in from his messenger fish . After taking the messenger fish out, Zhao Hai discovered that it was from the Great Demon King . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he slowly smiled

After the Great Demon King reached an agreement with the Demon Dragon King, he immediately prepared to leave for the Demon Realm . But before he left, the Great Demon King had something to do first, and that was to wait for the Demon Vultures to come back . As long as they bring back information, then his plan would proceed to the next step

It didn’t take too long before the Demon Vultures came back to Demon City . Upon arriving, they immediately went to ask for an audience with the Great Demon King . Naturally, the Great Demon King was expecting them, so he summoned one of them to give the report . He also invited the leaders of the other races present in the Demon Army

After everyone arrived, the Great Demon King let the Demon vulture in . The Demon Vulture had a weary face but he still gave a salute . The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Alright, tell me what you saw . ”.

The Demon Vulture nodded, and replied, “Your Majesty . When I departed, I started from Demon City, then passed through the Accra Mountains before entering the Lyon Empire . Then after that, I arrived at the Rosen Empire then to Aksu Empire . In all of those places, not a single person can be spotted . Everyone seemed to have moved . And in the Beastman Prairie we managed to see the dark mist of the Underworld . There were also undead frolicking inside the mist . ”.

Upon hearing this, the Demon present couldn’t help but go into a buzz . They didn’t expect the Ark Continent’s people to have actually moved . Moreover, there was also the presence of the Underworld

The Demons were generally fearless . But when it came to the Underworld, they couldn’t help but feel a deep sense of dread . This was because the underworld’s creatures were the bane of the Demon Race

The Great Demon King looked at those present and said, “Silence!”.

The room immediately turned quiet, not a single Demon dared to let out a sound . One could see the Great Demon King’s influence here . These people wouldn’t dare to disrespect the Great Demon King

Seeing that the room had turned silent, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Vulture and said, “Good job . Now go take a rest . ” The Demon Vulture gave a bow before turning around to leave

The Great Demon King looked at those present and said, “It seems like Mister Zhao Hai didn’t lie to us . I had a long discussion with mister Zhao Hai . He was very sincere when he took me to the place where the people of the Ark Continent migrated to . To be honest, when I went there I thought mister Zhao Hai had deceived me . The place was exactly the same as the Ark Continent . The people lived there peacefully, there were no wars that happened . ”.

The people looked at the Great Demon King, they didn’t know where he was going with this talk . The Great Demon King continued, “Mister Zhao Hai told me that he didn’t have any hatred towards us, the Demons . He said that we only invaded the Ark Continent because we wanted to live a good life, so he couldn’t hate us . Also, since we didn’t destroy anything in the Ark Continent, he had a good impression towards our lifestyle . Later on, he took me to a place, it was a very good place, much better compared to the Ark Continent . Mister Zhao Hai said that if we are willing, then we can move and live there . ”.

Although the Great Demon King issued an order for silence, the Demons present couldn’t help but issue a sound of surprise . What the Great Demon King said was too astonishing

The Great Demon King opened his mouth once more, “You must think why mister Zhao Hai would do this? I’ll explain it to you . The Space actually belongs to mister Zhao Hai, it is his divergent ability . He can open a few spaces of his own and in those spaces he would be a god . That is to say, if the Demons live inside his Space, then we would need to follow him . Do you understand?”.

When the group heard the Great Demon King, all of them collectively lost their voice . They didn’t expect things would be like this, all of them were looking at the Great Demon King in shock

The Great Demon King saw their reactions and said, “Mister Zhao Hai gave me a promise that if the Demons enter the Space, then he wouldn’t suppress us for no reason . He also promised to not interfere with how we do things . He just pitied the state of the Demons and didn’t want us to succumb to the Underworld . ”.

After saying this, the Great Demon King sighed and said, “In the past, the Demons and the Underworld had some encounters . And each time it was us who suffered greatly . At that time, the battle occured in the Demon Realm, so we can just seal the rift . However, the Underworld connected to the Ark Continent this time . Moreover, the entrance to the Demon Realm had been completely opened, it would be difficult to seal it . This means that the Demon Realm will forever be connected to the Underworld . ”.

The Great Demon King looked at everyone present in the eye and said, “We managed to repel the Underworld because of the Demon Realm’s barrier . But now that the barrier to the Ark Continent was broken, the Underworld would surely be able to constantly connect to the Demon Realm . For the Demon Race this is truly a great disaster . ”.

The Demons present weren’t fools, they completely understood what the Great Demon King was saying . If they didn’t migrate, then they would sooner or later be swallowed by the underworld

The Great Demon King said, “If we enter mister Zhao Hai’s Space, then we wouldn’t need to worry about the Underworld . Moreover, mister Zhao Hai inviting us over isn’t fully because of good intention . The Demons can also provide him with good benefits . ”.





* * *

Chapter 819 – Hatred!

The Demons calmed down . Actually, they weren’t that worried about entering the Space . Just like Berry said, the Demons would do anything in order to live in a better environment .

What they were afraid of was having no use to Zhao Hai . If they didn’t have leverage, then that wouldn’t be very good .

If the Demons had no use, then would Zhao Hai still want them to migrate to his Space? That’s impossible, nobody would do that . The Demons would be less than herded magic beasts, they were utterly useless .

So when they heard from the Great Demon King that they could bring benefits to Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but be moved .

The Great Demon King looked at the group and said, “Everyone should be aware of Mister Zhao Hai’s strength . I’ll be honest to everyone, even if I use my Devil War Chariot, I still can’t be confident in beating him . Moreover, I need to tell everyone that the Demon Realm isn’t the highest ranked plane there could be . There is still a much higher plane in existence . ”

Upon hearing the Great Demon King, the other Demons couldn’t help but feel excitement . They were aware that the Ark Continent was a lower plane since it cannot accommodate God-ranks . After someone from the Ark Continent becomes God-rank then they would ascend to the Divine Realm .





They previously thought that the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm were the highest planes since these planes can have God-ranked experts . But now, after listening to the Great Demon King, it seems like there was a higher plane to the Demon Realm . With the Demons unable to sit still, the room immediately buzzed into discussion .

The Demon Dragon King already knew what was coming, so he looked at the other Demons and said, “Silence!”

His voice calmed the other Demons down . The Great Demon King then said, “I already knew some things about the higher realm, however, I didn’t tell you because it is too unbelievable . ”

The Demons listened . The Great Demon King had done a lot for the Demons all these years and they knew that he wouldn’t lie to them . Because of this, they eagerly waited for what he would say next .

The Great Demon King looked at the other Demons and said, “The Demon god we believed in is actually a person from that higher realm and he doesn’t even look like the Demon God that we worship . He looked just like this . ” Then he took out the illustration that Zhao Hai printed .

The others hadn’t seen this before including the Demon Dragon King . Now they were curious about the image that the Great Demon King took out .

After the group saw the image, the Great Demon King said, “Besides Demon Dragon, nobody in the Demon Realm knew that I had the Eyes of Truth . Upon becoming the Great Demon King, the Demon God appeared for the ceremony . At that time, the Demon God I saw wasn’t the same as the one depicted in our records . His true body was actually this . He turned into the Demon God so that we would worship him . Later on, I started to investigate matters myself . In the end, I discovered that the Demon God statue had a magic formation to collect faith power . ”

Everyone blankly stood in place when they heard the Great Demon King . These matters were beyond their understanding . They don’t know what to say .





Everyone blankly stood in place when they heard the Great Demon King . These matters were beyond their understanding . They don’t know what to say .

The Great Demon King sighed and said, “There weren’t a lot of people who knew about this, but there were quite a number who did . In addition to Demon Dragon, the high level God ranks were also aware of it . After we came to know about this matter, the only thing in our minds was how to get rid of this person’s control . ”

After speaking this, the Great Demon King’s tone changed, “What had the Demon God given us after all these years? Mister Zhao Hai’s place is incomparably better than the Demon Realm . In the Demon Realm, we would need to wage war with each other just to survive . In this case, why do we still give the Demon God our faith power? We had already given him so much, yet what did he give in return?”

The words of the Great Demon King spoke directly into the minds of the Demons . These Demons had long suffered in the Demon Realm’s environment . Now that they heard the Great Demon King, a great resentment erupted deep within them . Everyone was breathing heavily, their eyes were red!

Demons were unafraid of death . Although they believed in the Demon God, their belief wasn’t so strong because of their constant struggles . They believed in themselves more than the Demon God .

Upon seeing the reaction of his fellow Demons, the Great Demon King knew that this was the crucial time, so he said, “To be honest, my decision to invade the Ark Continent was rooted to the purpose of getting away from this person’s control . However, i didn’t think that after discussing with Mister Zhao Hai, he actually had an encounter with this person!” Then the Great Demon King retold how Zhao Hai met Lu Wei and the process Zhao Hai did to defeat him .

Then the Great Demon King added, “Because of this, I decided that we should move to Mister Zhao Hai’s Space . Mister Zhao Hai is strong and in the future he would definitely become stronger . When the time comes, mister ZhaoHai would ascend to the higher plane and possibly meet with that person . This person had deceived the Demons for many years, this is something we cannot allow . If mister Zhao Hai ascends while taking us with him using his Space, then we can personally take our revenge!”

Upon hearing the Great Demon King, the killing aura of the Demons present had immediately soared . Demons hated cowards, but they hate people deceiving them the most . So after knowing about Lu Wei, the Demons immediately placed him on their kill list . If they can take revenge personally, then they would be happy .





Upon hearing the Great Demon King, the killing aura of the Demons present had immediately soared . Demons hated cowards, but they hate people deceiving them the most . So after knowing about Lu Wei, the Demons immediately placed him on their kill list . If they can take revenge personally, then they would be happy .

The Great Demon King looked at everyone and said, “Does anyone have anything to say? If you don’t want to enter mister Zhao Hai’s Space, then I won’t stop you, you can decide for yourself . Mister Zhao Hai also said that even if you go to the Space and don’t worship him, then it would be fine, everyone can make a decision for themselves . ”

After the Great Demon King said this, a Demon stood up and said, “Your Majesty, there’s no need to ask that, we need to enter the Space . Not only is the environment good, we can also get revenge in the future . ”

Along with him, the other Demons also agreed to enter the Space .

The Great Demon King looked at them and said, “Good, then I will immediately contact mister Zhao Hai . But before entering the Space, we need to help mister Zhao Hai deal with the Divine Race!”

As soon as they heard this, the Demons gave a cheer . Nobody opposed to it . In their opinion, the Divine Race was Lu Wei’s most faithful dogs . Since they couldn’t hit Lu Wei now, dealing with the Divine Race was the next best thing .

The Great Demon King waved his hand and then said, “Alright, everyone should go back . I’ll prepare things here before I go back to the Demon Realm to prepare our people to move to the Space first . All of you shall listen to Demon Dragon and help mister Zhao Hai deal with the Divine Race, understood?”

The group said in one voice, “Yes, Your Majesty!” The Great Demon King nodded as he waved his hand once more, making the other Demons leave . However, he had Demon Dragon King stay behind .

When the other Demons left, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Demon Dragon, i’ll be leaving everything here to you . I’ll contact Mister Zhao Hai and tell him to contact you as well . ”



The group said in one voice, “Yes, Your Majesty!” The Great Demon King nodded as he waved his hand once more, making the other Demons leave . However, he had Demon Dragon King stay behind .

When the other Demons left, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Demon Dragon, i’ll be leaving everything here to you . I’ll contact Mister Zhao Hai and tell him to contact you as well . ”

The Demon Dragon King complied, then the Great Demon King took Zhao Hai’s messenger fish out . The Demon Dragon King looked at the messenger fish curiously . The fish had no redeeming value, it was just a small fish swimming inside a bottle filled with water .

The Demon Dragon King turned to look at the Great Demon King, he didn’t know what the purpose of this fish was . The Great Demon King looked at him and smiled before he turned to the small fish and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, Mister Zhao Hai, can you hear me?”

The Demon Dragon King looked blankly, he actually suspected the Great Demon King to be crazy . Otherwise, why would he shout Zhao Hai’s name to a fish .

While the Demon Dragon King was confused, Zhao Hai’s voice suddenly came, “Your Majesty, I didn’t think you’d contact me this quickly . I hope you have good news for me . ”

The Demon Dragon King looked blankly at the fish . It was still swimming inside the bottle, but Zhao Hai’s voice was actually coming out of it .

The Great Demon King responded, “It’s good news, mister . The Demons have agreed to enter mister’s Space . Can Mister take them in now?”

Zhao Hai’s voice came in, “Hahaha, of course, of course they can come anytime . But Your Majesty needs to head back to the Demon Realm to organize your people . I’ll be dealing with the Divine Race so I’m quite busy . After you had things prepared in the Demon Realm, then I shall head there and take your people to the Space . ”



Chapter 819 – Hatred!.

The Demons calmed down . Actually, they weren’t that worried about entering the Space . Just like Berry said, the Demons would do anything in order to live in a better environment

What they were afraid of was having no use to Zhao Hai . If they didn’t have leverage, then that wouldn’t be very good

If the Demons had no use, then would Zhao Hai still want them to migrate to his Space? That’s impossible, nobody would do that . The Demons would be less than herded magic beasts, they were utterly useless

So when they heard from the Great Demon King that they could bring benefits to Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but be moved

The Great Demon King looked at the group and said, “Everyone should be aware of Mister Zhao Hai’s strength . I’ll be honest to everyone, even if I use my Devil War Chariot, I still can’t be confident in beating him . Moreover, I need to tell everyone that the Demon Realm isn’t the highest ranked plane there could be . There is still a much higher plane in existence . ”.

Upon hearing the Great Demon King, the other Demons couldn’t help but feel excitement . They were aware that the Ark Continent was a lower plane since it cannot accommodate God-ranks . After someone from the Ark Continent becomes God-rank then they would ascend to the Divine Realm

They previously thought that the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm were the highest planes since these planes can have God-ranked experts . But now, after listening to the Great Demon King, it seems like there was a higher plane to the Demon Realm . With the Demons unable to sit still, the room immediately buzzed into discussion

The Demon Dragon King already knew what was coming, so he looked at the other Demons and said, “Silence!”.

His voice calmed the other Demons down . The Great Demon King then said, “I already knew some things about the higher realm, however, I didn’t tell you because it is too unbelievable . ”.

The Demons listened . The Great Demon King had done a lot for the Demons all these years and they knew that he wouldn’t lie to them . Because of this, they eagerly waited for what he would say next

The Great Demon King looked at the other Demons and said, “The Demon god we believed in is actually a person from that higher realm and he doesn’t even look like the Demon God that we worship . He looked just like this . ” Then he took out the illustration that Zhao Hai printed

The others hadn’t seen this before including the Demon Dragon King . Now they were curious about the image that the Great Demon King took out

After the group saw the image, the Great Demon King said, “Besides Demon Dragon, nobody in the Demon Realm knew that I had the Eyes of Truth . Upon becoming the Great Demon King, the Demon God appeared for the ceremony . At that time, the Demon God I saw wasn’t the same as the one depicted in our records . His true body was actually this . He turned into the Demon God so that we would worship him . Later on, I started to investigate matters myself . In the end, I discovered that the Demon God statue had a magic formation to collect faith power . ”.

Everyone blankly stood in place when they heard the Great Demon King . These matters were beyond their understanding . They don’t know what to say

The Great Demon King sighed and said, “There weren’t a lot of people who knew about this, but there were quite a number who did . In addition to Demon Dragon, the high level God ranks were also aware of it . After we came to know about this matter, the only thing in our minds was how to get rid of this person’s control . ”.

After speaking this, the Great Demon King’s tone changed, “What had the Demon God given us after all these years? Mister Zhao Hai’s place is incomparably better than the Demon Realm . In the Demon Realm, we would need to wage war with each other just to survive . In this case, why do we still give the Demon God our faith power? We had already given him so much, yet what did he give in return?”.

The words of the Great Demon King spoke directly into the minds of the Demons . These Demons had long suffered in the Demon Realm’s environment . Now that they heard the Great Demon King, a great resentment erupted deep within them . Everyone was breathing heavily, their eyes were red!.

Demons were unafraid of death . Although they believed in the Demon God, their belief wasn’t so strong because of their constant struggles . They believed in themselves more than the Demon God

Upon seeing the reaction of his fellow Demons, the Great Demon King knew that this was the crucial time, so he said, “To be honest, my decision to invade the Ark Continent was rooted to the purpose of getting away from this person’s control . However, i didn’t think that after discussing with Mister Zhao Hai, he actually had an encounter with this person!” Then the Great Demon King retold how Zhao Hai met Lu Wei and the process Zhao Hai did to defeat him

Then the Great Demon King added, “Because of this, I decided that we should move to Mister Zhao Hai’s Space . Mister Zhao Hai is strong and in the future he would definitely become stronger . When the time comes, mister ZhaoHai would ascend to the higher plane and possibly meet with that person . This person had deceived the Demons for many years, this is something we cannot allow . If mister Zhao Hai ascends while taking us with him using his Space, then we can personally take our revenge!”.

Upon hearing the Great Demon King, the killing aura of the Demons present had immediately soared . Demons hated cowards, but they hate people deceiving them the most . So after knowing about Lu Wei, the Demons immediately placed him on their kill list . If they can take revenge personally, then they would be happy

The Great Demon King looked at everyone and said, “Does anyone have anything to say? If you don’t want to enter mister Zhao Hai’s Space, then I won’t stop you, you can decide for yourself . Mister Zhao Hai also said that even if you go to the Space and don’t worship him, then it would be fine, everyone can make a decision for themselves . ”.

After the Great Demon King said this, a Demon stood up and said, “Your Majesty, there’s no need to ask that, we need to enter the Space . Not only is the environment good, we can also get revenge in the future . ”.

Along with him, the other Demons also agreed to enter the Space

The Great Demon King looked at them and said, “Good, then I will immediately contact mister Zhao Hai . But before entering the Space, we need to help mister Zhao Hai deal with the Divine Race!”.

As soon as they heard this, the Demons gave a cheer . Nobody opposed to it . In their opinion, the Divine Race was Lu Wei’s most faithful dogs . Since they couldn’t hit Lu Wei now, dealing with the Divine Race was the next best thing

The Great Demon King waved his hand and then said, “Alright, everyone should go back . I’ll prepare things here before I go back to the Demon Realm to prepare our people to move to the Space first . All of you shall listen to Demon Dragon and help mister Zhao Hai deal with the Divine Race, understood?”.

The group said in one voice, “Yes, Your Majesty!” The Great Demon King nodded as he waved his hand once more, making the other Demons leave . However, he had Demon Dragon King stay behind

When the other Demons left, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Demon Dragon, i’ll be leaving everything here to you . I’ll contact Mister Zhao Hai and tell him to contact you as well . ”.

The Demon Dragon King complied, then the Great Demon King took Zhao Hai’s messenger fish out . The Demon Dragon King looked at the messenger fish curiously . The fish had no redeeming value, it was just a small fish swimming inside a bottle filled with water

The Demon Dragon King turned to look at the Great Demon King, he didn’t know what the purpose of this fish was . The Great Demon King looked at him and smiled before he turned to the small fish and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, Mister Zhao Hai, can you hear me?”.

The Demon Dragon King looked blankly, he actually suspected the Great Demon King to be crazy . Otherwise, why would he shout Zhao Hai’s name to a fish

While the Demon Dragon King was confused, Zhao Hai’s voice suddenly came, “Your Majesty, I didn’t think you’d contact me this quickly . I hope you have good news for me . ”.

The Demon Dragon King looked blankly at the fish . It was still swimming inside the bottle, but Zhao Hai’s voice was actually coming out of it

The Great Demon King responded, “It’s good news, mister . The Demons have agreed to enter mister’s Space . Can Mister take them in now?”.

Zhao Hai’s voice came in, “Hahaha, of course, of course they can come anytime . But Your Majesty needs to head back to the Demon Realm to organize your people . I’ll be dealing with the Divine Race so I’m quite busy . After you had things prepared in the Demon Realm, then I shall head there and take your people to the Space . ”.





* * *

Chapter 820 – The Demons Want To Send Their Troops

When he heard Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King’s eyes shone as he said, “Mister is fighting the Divine Race? How is it?”

The Demon Dragon King also raised his ear, Zhao Hai laughed and said, “It’s doing very well . I just went to the Radiant Empire and ransacked it . Haha . I’m focusing on the Accra Mountain’s defensive line right now . I want to surround them and eliminate them . ”

The Great Demon King’s eyes went brighter, he said, “Can mister have the Demons dispatch our own troops?”

Zhao Hai turned silent . This made the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon king anxiously look at the small fish . After some time Zhao Hai replied, “I’ll be honest to your Majesty . I’m presently low in manpower . At present, I have 20 million strong undead in reserve . However, these undead belonged to the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus clan . Those two races weren’t born from the Divine Realm, they were just like people from the Ark Continent who were conquered by the Divine Race . At first, the Divine Race baited me to attack them in order to draw their elite troops . I didn’t know about this before, but now that i do, I decided to refrain from angering them . Moreover, those two races have a grudge with the Divine Race . At this moment, they weren’t giving their all in attacking my defensive line . This allowed the Accra Mountains to stay put even with the lack of manpower . But even then, I cannot have the Demons send their troops . I believe Your Majesty had taken great efforts to convince the other Demons to enter the Space . If Your Majesty decided to have them send their men, then it’s possible that Your Majesty would be placed in an awkward position . I’ll just hold out and wait for an opportune time to contact the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus armies, I’ll try to get them to our side and gang up on the Divine Race . ”

Although Zhao Hai said a lot, he was retelling what he did and the decisions that came with . This made the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King stare . At the same time, they were also moved . They didn’t think Zhao Hai would think about them this far .

The Great Demon King gave a short laugh before he said, “I thank mister for the consideration . But we Demons have a grudge against the Divine Race . Because of this, we would be happy to send our troops over to fight . We will not have any resentment if mister agrees to send us . ” Upon hearing the Great Demon King, Zhao Hai replied, “The Demons and the Divine Race had a grudge? Why didn’t I know this? Your Majesty, you really don’t need to send your people . If we can’t deal with the Divine Race now, then it won’t matter . In any case, I’m planning to go to the Divine Realm . “

Then the Great Demon King smiled and expressed his thoughts to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile upon hearing this . He finally understood what the Great Demon King meant by their grudge against the Divine Race . Zhao Hai replied, “That’s true . But you should know about the strength of the Divine Race, this time they had sent their elite troops . To be honest, the Demons would lose against them . But if you really want to deal some damage to the Divine Race, then I would have to ask the Demon Army to come to the Space first and get some weapons for the battle . I have some lethal items that can help . I’m sure you have seen them before . ”





The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Alright, you have my gratitude . However, since I need to return to the Demon Realm, I’ll be leaving the army in the hands of Demon Dragon . If you need something, you can just talk to him . ” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, I will open a spatial rift near Demon City tomorrow . I’ll ask the Demon Dragon King to organize the army and enter the Space . After going in, I will hand the weapons over . What do you think?”

The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Good, then that’s settled . Demon Dragon, say a few words . ”

Demon Dragon King got close to the messenger fish and said, “Mister can rest assured, everything will be ready by tomorrow . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Demon Dragon King, we’re old friends, so you have my utmost trust . By noon tomorrow, I will open the spatial rift . At that time, I’ll ask you to send the Demons in . ”

Demon Dragon King nodded and assured him once more that they would be waiting . After Zhao Hai left the conversation, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Alright, this matter is settled . I will not stay here for longer . Demon Dragon, go find the others and tell them our arrangement . Tomorrow, you will be the first Demons to enter the Space . Also, remember that you’re fighting against the Divine Race . Make sure to send the elites, anyone less talented will stay inside the Space . Be familiar with the environment, after all that place will be our future home . ”

The Demon Dragon Kin felt uplifted as he gave a nod . Then he asked the leaders of the Demon groups over to the hall .

These people were confused, they just left the hall but then they were called back in . The Great Demon King looked at everyone present and said, “I just talked to Mister Zhao Hai . At this time, he is fighting with the Divine Race . We didn’t have to but I asked Mister Zhao Hai to allow the Demons to fight and deal with the Divine Race . I will be handing the army over to Demon Dragon, does anyone have anything to say?” The Demons immediately became excited when they heard this . A Demon Ogre loudly replied, “I want to see how strong those Divine Race bastards really are . I can’t wait to see their expressions when they see us . Your Majesty, when do we fight?” The others had the same thoughts .

The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Mister said that just sending troops over wouldn’t be good . The Divine Race are all powerful . It would be difficult for our current state to deal with them . Because of this, mister said that if we want to fight the Divine Race, then we would need equipment . Mister Zhao Hai will provide them for us . When the time comes we can use those weapons to deal with the Divine Race . ”

The people present all cheered . A Demon Ogre’s loud voice can be heard, “Those javelins from before are quite strong . If we have those, then our power would certainly increase . ”





The people present all cheered . A Demon Ogre’s loud voice can be heard, “Those javelins from before are quite strong . If we have those, then our power would certainly increase . ”

Among the Demons present here, most of them had fought with Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai’s previous actions had caused so much damage that these Demons had become somewhat afraid of him .

The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Tomorrow at noon Mister will open a spatial rift outside Demon City . You will enter that rift and arrive at the place Mister Zhao Hai allocated for the Demon Race . Not only are you going to retrieve weapons there, you should also get accustomed to the place . I already told Demon Dragon to send only the elites to help deal with the Divine Race . The others need to behave inside the Space . Get used to the place, that is where we will live in the future . ”



There was no need for the Great Demon King to say anything more, the Demons were already excited . Although they had heard that Zhao Hai would provide them with a place to live, they still haven’t seen the place so some of them had reservations . Being able to see it tomorrow was good news for them .

The Great Demon King looked at their excitement and gave out a cough . This caused the hall to turn silent, then the Great Demon King nodded, “In the meantime, I shall return to the Demon Realm and prepare the other Demons to move . I want you to remember two things, look at Mister Zhao Hai’s attitude towards us . If he acts very arrogant, then we will not enter his Space . We are Demons, we won’t stoop to a point that people will look down on us . ”

The Demons nodded, then the Great Demon King said, “Second thing, if Mister Zhao Hai treated you properly, then you need to help him deal with the Divine Race . We are against the Divine Race, and this fight will reflect on the our reputation . If you lose face for the Demons, then I’ll deal with you personally!”

The Demons gave a loud grunt . Demons were concerned about their face . If they lost face in front of Zhao Hai, then the entire Demon Race would be affected . The Great Demon King might not even need to make a move, the other Demons would immediately deal with the culprit .

The Great Demon King looked at the others and said, “Alright, you prepare for your departure . Remember, I’ll leave everything to Demon Dragon . If there’s anyone who dared to disobey his orders then I’ll give them a good pounding . Especially the Demon Ogres, I have my eyes on you . ”





The Great Demon King looked at the others and said, “Alright, you prepare for your departure . Remember, I’ll leave everything to Demon Dragon . If there’s anyone who dared to disobey his orders then I’ll give them a good pounding . Especially the Demon Ogres, I have my eyes on you . ”

The Demon Ogres didn’t care, they just stood there with smiles on their faces . The Great Demon King couldn’t help but feel at loss, these Demon Ogres were completely hopeless .

The Great Demon King stared at the group before he stood up . Then he turned to the Demon Dragon King and then to the others and said, “Remember, this will be the greatest change that the Demon Race will undergo in our countless years of existence . You cannot make a single mistake . Otherwise, you and I will become the biggest sinners of our race . This is a great opportunity for the Demons to change our lives . Understood?”

The group all gave a their assurance . The Great Demon King nodded before he walked out and got into his chariot . Then he took a hundred thousand people with him to return to the Demon Realm .

The reason the Great Demon King brought this many people was to quell any troubles that would arise in the Demon Realm . Naturally, these troubles didn’t refer to the Demon Race . Instead, it meant the magic beasts of the Demon Realm .

Magic beasts of the Demon realm were also very strong . Once in a while they would attack a Demon and would prompt the Demon race to amass an army just to deal with it .

After the Great Demon King left, the Demon Dragon King immediately gave an order, “Get the supplied ready and prepare to move to mister Zhao Hai’s Space tomorrow . ” Then he looked at the busy atmosphere outside, he knew that this would be a sleepless evening .

Zhao Hai stored his messenger fish and smiled . He was worried about manpower, but he didn’t expect the Demons to actually offer their services .

The Accra Mountains was still standing, the Divine Race wouldn’t be able to take it for a while . Also, it would be quite hard for the Radiant Empire to send reports to the Divine Race army . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to send the Demons two days later .

Zhao Hai went downstairs and looked at Lizzy and Megan . In the past few days, the two were working very hard . The Divine Race had turned into maniacs, endlessly attacking the Accra Mountain . Even if they were rotating between shifts, the two still couldn’t help but get tired .



The Accra Mountains was still standing, the Divine Race wouldn’t be able to take it for a while . Also, it would be quite hard for the Radiant Empire to send reports to the Divine Race army . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to send the Demons two days later .

Zhao Hai went downstairs and looked at Lizzy and Megan . In the past few days, the two were working very hard . The Divine Race had turned into maniacs, endlessly attacking the Accra Mountain . Even if they were rotating between shifts, the two still couldn’t help but get tired .

There were several occasions where the Divine Race punctured the defensive line . However, Lizzy and Megan still managed to drive them back .

At this time, Thunder Yun was looking at the Accra Mountains with blood red eyes . He was more and more astonished by the strength of the undead army . Withstanding the Divine Race assault for this many days wasn’t something that an average army could do .

Although the Divine Race were comprised of God-ranks, they can’t possibly fight for so many days in a row, they also need to rest . Because of this, Thunder Yun had arranged a rotation regiment for his troops in order to maximize their fighting potential .

However, the constant fighting wasn’t the one that made Thunder Yun depressed . He had already clashed against the Divine Race twice . But in those two fights, he wasn’t even able to see Zhao Hai’s shadow . This undead army belonged to Zhao Hai and the Ark Continent’s strongest person was Zhao Hai . If he wasn’t even able to see Zhao Hai in those two battles, then this would only mean one thing; The Ark Continent had yet to use its full force . This was definitely a huge blow for the Divine Race’s pride .

At this point, Thunder Yun was about to lose his mind . He looked like a gambler who lost big . His only desire right now was to break through the Accra Mountains’ defensive line .

At the same time, the Third Prince was also driven silly . He sat in his sword carriage and looked blankly at the defensive line . He didn’t say a word, he just looked straight at the mountains as if he had gone crazy .

In the past, the Third Prince expected the Ark Continent to fall in one blow . But now it looks like the opposite was happening . The Ark Continent’s undead were very powerful . They weren’t any less than a Divine Race soldiers . The difference between his expectations and reality was the same difference as the heavens and the earth .

In the past few days, the Third Prince had continuously looked at the repeated rushing of the Divine Race soldiers . He also continuously saw them being driven back . This was a huge blow to his ego, he almost lost all ability to think .



Chapter 820 – The Demons Want To Send Their Troops.

When he heard Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King’s eyes shone as he said, “Mister is fighting the Divine Race? How is it?”.

The Demon Dragon King also raised his ear, Zhao Hai laughed and said, “It’s doing very well . I just went to the Radiant Empire and ransacked it . Haha . I’m focusing on the Accra Mountain’s defensive line right now . I want to surround them and eliminate them . ”.

The Great Demon King’s eyes went brighter, he said, “Can mister have the Demons dispatch our own troops?”.

Zhao Hai turned silent . This made the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon king anxiously look at the small fish . After some time Zhao Hai replied, “I’ll be honest to your Majesty . I’m presently low in manpower . At present, I have 20 million strong undead in reserve . However, these undead belonged to the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus clan . Those two races weren’t born from the Divine Realm, they were just like people from the Ark Continent who were conquered by the Divine Race . At first, the Divine Race baited me to attack them in order to draw their elite troops . I didn’t know about this before, but now that i do, I decided to refrain from angering them . Moreover, those two races have a grudge with the Divine Race . At this moment, they weren’t giving their all in attacking my defensive line . This allowed the Accra Mountains to stay put even with the lack of manpower . But even then, I cannot have the Demons send their troops . I believe Your Majesty had taken great efforts to convince the other Demons to enter the Space . If Your Majesty decided to have them send their men, then it’s possible that Your Majesty would be placed in an awkward position . I’ll just hold out and wait for an opportune time to contact the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus armies, I’ll try to get them to our side and gang up on the Divine Race . ”.

Although Zhao Hai said a lot, he was retelling what he did and the decisions that came with . This made the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King stare . At the same time, they were also moved . They didn’t think Zhao Hai would think about them this far

The Great Demon King gave a short laugh before he said, “I thank mister for the consideration . But we Demons have a grudge against the Divine Race . Because of this, we would be happy to send our troops over to fight . We will not have any resentment if mister agrees to send us . ” Upon hearing the Great Demon King, Zhao Hai replied, “The Demons and the Divine Race had a grudge? Why didn’t I know this? Your Majesty, you really don’t need to send your people . If we can’t deal with the Divine Race now, then it won’t matter . In any case, I’m planning to go to the Divine Realm . “.

Then the Great Demon King smiled and expressed his thoughts to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile upon hearing this . He finally understood what the Great Demon King meant by their grudge against the Divine Race . Zhao Hai replied, “That’s true . But you should know about the strength of the Divine Race, this time they had sent their elite troops . To be honest, the Demons would lose against them . But if you really want to deal some damage to the Divine Race, then I would have to ask the Demon Army to come to the Space first and get some weapons for the battle . I have some lethal items that can help . I’m sure you have seen them before . ”.

The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Alright, you have my gratitude . However, since I need to return to the Demon Realm, I’ll be leaving the army in the hands of Demon Dragon . If you need something, you can just talk to him . ” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, I will open a spatial rift near Demon City tomorrow . I’ll ask the Demon Dragon King to organize the army and enter the Space . After going in, I will hand the weapons over . What do you think?”.

The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Good, then that’s settled . Demon Dragon, say a few words . ”.

Demon Dragon King got close to the messenger fish and said, “Mister can rest assured, everything will be ready by tomorrow . ”.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Demon Dragon King, we’re old friends, so you have my utmost trust . By noon tomorrow, I will open the spatial rift . At that time, I’ll ask you to send the Demons in . ”.

Demon Dragon King nodded and assured him once more that they would be waiting . After Zhao Hai left the conversation, the Great Demon King turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Alright, this matter is settled . I will not stay here for longer . Demon Dragon, go find the others and tell them our arrangement . Tomorrow, you will be the first Demons to enter the Space . Also, remember that you’re fighting against the Divine Race . Make sure to send the elites, anyone less talented will stay inside the Space . Be familiar with the environment, after all that place will be our future home . ”.

The Demon Dragon Kin felt uplifted as he gave a nod . Then he asked the leaders of the Demon groups over to the hall

These people were confused, they just left the hall but then they were called back in . The Great Demon King looked at everyone present and said, “I just talked to Mister Zhao Hai . At this time, he is fighting with the Divine Race . We didn’t have to but I asked Mister Zhao Hai to allow the Demons to fight and deal with the Divine Race . I will be handing the army over to Demon Dragon, does anyone have anything to say?” The Demons immediately became excited when they heard this . A Demon Ogre loudly replied, “I want to see how strong those Divine Race bastards really are . I can’t wait to see their expressions when they see us . Your Majesty, when do we fight?” The others had the same thoughts

The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Mister said that just sending troops over wouldn’t be good . The Divine Race are all powerful . It would be difficult for our current state to deal with them . Because of this, mister said that if we want to fight the Divine Race, then we would need equipment . Mister Zhao Hai will provide them for us . When the time comes we can use those weapons to deal with the Divine Race . ”.

The people present all cheered . A Demon Ogre’s loud voice can be heard, “Those javelins from before are quite strong . If we have those, then our power would certainly increase . ”.

Among the Demons present here, most of them had fought with Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai’s previous actions had caused so much damage that these Demons had become somewhat afraid of him

The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Tomorrow at noon Mister will open a spatial rift outside Demon City . You will enter that rift and arrive at the place Mister Zhao Hai allocated for the Demon Race . Not only are you going to retrieve weapons there, you should also get accustomed to the place . I already told Demon Dragon to send only the elites to help deal with the Divine Race . The others need to behave inside the Space . Get used to the place, that is where we will live in the future . ”.

.

There was no need for the Great Demon King to say anything more, the Demons were already excited . Although they had heard that Zhao Hai would provide them with a place to live, they still haven’t seen the place so some of them had reservations . Being able to see it tomorrow was good news for them

The Great Demon King looked at their excitement and gave out a cough . This caused the hall to turn silent, then the Great Demon King nodded, “In the meantime, I shall return to the Demon Realm and prepare the other Demons to move . I want you to remember two things, look at Mister Zhao Hai’s attitude towards us . If he acts very arrogant, then we will not enter his Space . We are Demons, we won’t stoop to a point that people will look down on us . ”.

The Demons nodded, then the Great Demon King said, “Second thing, if Mister Zhao Hai treated you properly, then you need to help him deal with the Divine Race . We are against the Divine Race, and this fight will reflect on the our reputation . If you lose face for the Demons, then I’ll deal with you personally!”.

The Demons gave a loud grunt . Demons were concerned about their face . If they lost face in front of Zhao Hai, then the entire Demon Race would be affected . The Great Demon King might not even need to make a move, the other Demons would immediately deal with the culprit

The Great Demon King looked at the others and said, “Alright, you prepare for your departure . Remember, I’ll leave everything to Demon Dragon . If there’s anyone who dared to disobey his orders then I’ll give them a good pounding . Especially the Demon Ogres, I have my eyes on you . ”.

The Demon Ogres didn’t care, they just stood there with smiles on their faces . The Great Demon King couldn’t help but feel at loss, these Demon Ogres were completely hopeless

The Great Demon King stared at the group before he stood up . Then he turned to the Demon Dragon King and then to the others and said, “Remember, this will be the greatest change that the Demon Race will undergo in our countless years of existence . You cannot make a single mistake . Otherwise, you and I will become the biggest sinners of our race . This is a great opportunity for the Demons to change our lives . Understood?”.

The group all gave a their assurance . The Great Demon King nodded before he walked out and got into his chariot . Then he took a hundred thousand people with him to return to the Demon Realm

The reason the Great Demon King brought this many people was to quell any troubles that would arise in the Demon Realm . Naturally, these troubles didn’t refer to the Demon Race . Instead, it meant the magic beasts of the Demon Realm

Magic beasts of the Demon realm were also very strong . Once in a while they would attack a Demon and would prompt the Demon race to amass an army just to deal with it

After the Great Demon King left, the Demon Dragon King immediately gave an order, “Get the supplied ready and prepare to move to mister Zhao Hai’s Space tomorrow . ” Then he looked at the busy atmosphere outside, he knew that this would be a sleepless evening

Zhao Hai stored his messenger fish and smiled . He was worried about manpower, but he didn’t expect the Demons to actually offer their services

The Accra Mountains was still standing, the Divine Race wouldn’t be able to take it for a while . Also, it would be quite hard for the Radiant Empire to send reports to the Divine Race army . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to send the Demons two days later

Zhao Hai went downstairs and looked at Lizzy and Megan . In the past few days, the two were working very hard . The Divine Race had turned into maniacs, endlessly attacking the Accra Mountain . Even if they were rotating between shifts, the two still couldn’t help but get tired

There were several occasions where the Divine Race punctured the defensive line . However, Lizzy and Megan still managed to drive them back

At this time, Thunder Yun was looking at the Accra Mountains with blood red eyes . He was more and more astonished by the strength of the undead army . Withstanding the Divine Race assault for this many days wasn’t something that an average army could do

Although the Divine Race were comprised of God-ranks, they can’t possibly fight for so many days in a row, they also need to rest . Because of this, Thunder Yun had arranged a rotation regiment for his troops in order to maximize their fighting potential

However, the constant fighting wasn’t the one that made Thunder Yun depressed . He had already clashed against the Divine Race twice . But in those two fights, he wasn’t even able to see Zhao Hai’s shadow . This undead army belonged to Zhao Hai and the Ark Continent’s strongest person was Zhao Hai . If he wasn’t even able to see Zhao Hai in those two battles, then this would only mean one thing; The Ark Continent had yet to use its full force . This was definitely a huge blow for the Divine Race’s pride

At this point, Thunder Yun was about to lose his mind . He looked like a gambler who lost big . His only desire right now was to break through the Accra Mountains’ defensive line

At the same time, the Third Prince was also driven silly . He sat in his sword carriage and looked blankly at the defensive line . He didn’t say a word, he just looked straight at the mountains as if he had gone crazy

In the past, the Third Prince expected the Ark Continent to fall in one blow . But now it looks like the opposite was happening . The Ark Continent’s undead were very powerful . They weren’t any less than a Divine Race soldiers . The difference between his expectations and reality was the same difference as the heavens and the earth

In the past few days, the Third Prince had continuously looked at the repeated rushing of the Divine Race soldiers . He also continuously saw them being driven back . This was a huge blow to his ego, he almost lost all ability to think





* * *

Chapter 821 – The Divine Race Will Collapse Soon

The Third Prince was completely scrapped . This was his first time entering a battlefield and he had already suffered a colossal loss . At this point, he didn’t have the ability to command an army .

Naturally, the Generals of the Divine Race were aware of this . In order to save their soldiers from dying in vain and keeping the Third Prince safe, the Generals went to Thunder Yun for help . Therefore, aside from the first few charges and the attack on the Accra Mountain, Thunder Yun took command of every action the Divine Race army made .

Although Thunder Yun’s command token was taken away by the Third Prince and wasn’t permitted to command troops, the Divine Race were well aware of Thunder Yun’s ability . After the Third Prince blanked out, the Divine Race could only rely on Thunder Yun for command .

However, they didn’t know that the stress felt by Thunder Yun was no smaller than the Third Prince . At this time, Thunder Yun was at the point of collapse . Although he was still going on, his abilities were already affected .

In this case, although the Divine Race’s command chain was restored, its overall ability was still completely crippled .

Thunder Yun’s only choice right now was to attack . He can almost affirm that Zhao Hai had already attacked the Radiant Empire . The only thing the Divine Race army could do was to break Accra Mountains’ defensive line and conquer the Ark Continent . Otherwise, the Taurus King would certainly punish him . Even the Marshal won’t be able to do anything .





Thunder Yun knew the moment they started fighting the defensive line that the Divine Race had no easy way out . Zhao Hai certainly wouldn’t allow them to return to the Radiant Empire without the army leaving an arm or two . By the time they return to the Radiant Empire, their numbers would be reduced significantly, and it would be impossible to return within four days . If they were to return, they would take at least half a month . But by that time everything would be too late .

Thunder Yun also knew the implications of Zhao Hai attacking the Radiant Empire . Ever since the Taurus Divines started their conquests, they never experienced an attack on their rear . But now, under the Third Prince’s command, they did . This meant that the Third Prince’s military accomplishments were utterly finished, completely decimated .

At this time, Thunder Yun was only hoping to break through the defensive line as quickly as possible and enter the Ark Continent . This might give them enough recognition from the King to give them lenient punishment .

Three days passed by and the undead were still defending the defensive line . Thunder Yun didn’t know how many attacks they had already launched . However, all of them were useless, they just couldn’t break through the defensive line . This made Thunder Yun’s mood worse and worse . He knew that the longer they get entangled here, the worse it would be for them .

Thunder Yun also discovered that the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus armies weren’t giving their all . However, Thunder Yun didn’t dare to get angry at them right now . No matter what, the two cavalry armies were still attracting attacks from the undead . At this time, only a fool would offend these two armies .

But Thunder Yun remembered this . He was thinking that after they head back to the Divine Realm, then he would harden the suppression on these two races .

Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of Thunder Yun’s thoughts . He was at the living room at this time, looking at the Divine Race . Megan was the one in charge right now, Lizzy was taking a rest .

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Brother Hai, you came back . Did everything go well?” Although Megan was the one taking control, she doesn’t actually need to give her full focus on the command . After all, the undead were also intelligent . What Megan needed to facilitate was the overall situation, the undead would take care of their own jobs .





Megan looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Brother Hai, you came back . Did everything go well?” Although Megan was the one taking control, she doesn’t actually need to give her full focus on the command . After all, the undead were also intelligent . What Megan needed to facilitate was the overall situation, the undead would take care of their own jobs .

Zhao Hai looked at Megan’s weary face, he smiled bitterly and said, “Megan, you’ve been working hard . I’ve already reached an agreement with the Demons . They will dispatch their troops to support us . When that time comes we can finally deal with the Divine Race . ” Megan smiled faintly and nodded, “Alright, that would be good . The Divine Race are going frantic . They are only attacking desperately at this point . Unlike the past two days where they were still organized, that time was hard . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Megan and said, “Don’t worry, we’ll make sure that the Divine Race suffers . The Demons have agreed to enter the Space . I will pick them up tomorrow and give them some equipment and weapons to deal with the Divine Race alongside the undead . ” Megan nodded, “Brother Hai, are you serious about doing a counter attack on the Divine Realm?”

Zhao Hai’s voice became cold as he said, “Why not? The Radiant Empire had millions of ghosts unable to shout their resentment . If we don’t get revenge for them then we would become heartless . Moreover, I want to get more Goblins to the Space . ” Megan smiled, then she hugged Zhao Hai while looking at the fight on the screen . Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Wouldn’t it be nice if we could live peacefully, looking at the monitor that doesn’t show battles . That would be great . ”

Zhao Hai gently patter Megan’s head and said, “It’s not like I don’t want to live peacefully . People just come and cause trouble for us . Don’t forget, the Divine Race aren’t our only enemies, the Underworld is still running around in the north . There’s also Lu Wei . The one we had dealt with before was just his projection . His main body still remained undamaged . I’m afraid we would have to face him as well . ”

Megan gave out a sigh . He knew that what Zhao Hai said was right . As their strength was getting stronger and stronger, their enemies were also getting more powerful .

The battle of the day soon passed . The Divine Race were still unaware that the Radiant Empire had already been attacked . They still kept attacking and attacking .

Zhao Hai went back to take a good rest, he left Laura to accompany Megan and Lizzy . The Divine Race also attacked in the evening, making it impossible for Megan to take a rest . Zhao Hai doesn’t want Megan to stay up at night alone, so he asked Laura to join Megan .





Zhao Hai went back to take a good rest, he left Laura to accompany Megan and Lizzy . The Divine Race also attacked in the evening, making it impossible for Megan to take a rest . Zhao Hai doesn’t want Megan to stay up at night alone, so he asked Laura to join Megan .

When Zhao Hai got up the next morning, he started to prepare the supplies to be given to the Demon Race . These supplies had weapons but also common living materials .

The Demons would enter the Space but Zhao Hai didn’t know what kind of houses they live in . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to keep the present appearance of the background, he also didn’t have enough cash to make significant changes . In addition to the supplies, he also released low level magic beasts in the background .

One could say that there weren’t low level magic beasts in the Space . However, Zhao Hai discovered that he could adjust the levels of purchased magic beasts in the Space . Both long-tailed chicken and blue-eyed rabbits can be turned to either 9th rank or just any ordinary animal with no rank .

On the other hand, beasts like the raging bulls can only have a minimum of 1st rank . In other words, they couldn’t be turned into ordinary animals . Their levels ranged from 9th rank to 1st rank, and lower than 1st rank was impossible .

This function was quite useful . Although the people in the Space had become quite strong, it would be impossible for them to kill 9th rank beasts every day . Having lower level magic beasts would ideal for everyday living .

Noon came as Zhao Hai prepared the supplies . Then he returned to his room and looked at the monitor only to see a properly arranged Demon Army waiting for the spatial rift .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he waved his hand and opened a huge spatial rift outside Demon City .

The Demon Dragon King had prepared themselves well; they were already in formation early in the morning . The Demons hadn’t had a wink of sleep last night . This matter was just too important for them . Perhaps, beginning from this day, the Demons would forever discard the brutal environment of the Demon Realm .



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he waved his hand and opened a huge spatial rift outside Demon City .

The Demon Dragon King had prepared themselves well; they were already in formation early in the morning . The Demons hadn’t had a wink of sleep last night . This matter was just too important for them . Perhaps, beginning from this day, the Demons would forever discard the brutal environment of the Demon Realm .

Seconds turned to minutes as minutes turned to hours . As noon came closer and closer, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but get more nervous .

Just as the Demon Dragon King was worrying that the spatial rift wouldn’t appear, a huge crack appeared right outside Demon City .

Zhao Hai slowly flew out of the rift . When the Demon Dragon King saw Zhao Hai, he immediately went forward to give his greetings . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and gave a salute, “I apologize for making the Demon Dragon King wait . I’ve already prepared the supplies inside the Space . ”

The Demon Dragon King didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this polite . He returned the salute and quickly said, “Mister is too polite . It’s still noon so you aren’t really late . ” Zhao Hai gave out a laugh and replied, “Alright . I’ll have to ask the Demon Dragon King to arrange your people to enter the Space . The place where you’ll appear will be your home in the future . ”

The Demon Dragon King excitedly nodded . Then he waved to the people behind him and before long a team of Demons entered the spatial rift .

These people were Demon Ogres . They were specifically tasked with the Demon Dragon King to check the place . If the environment was good, then they would go . If it wasn’t, then they won’t .

Zhao Hai didn’t care about this action . After all, nobody would carelessly go inside a mysterious rift . The residents of the Ark Continent only did so because they already trust Zhao Hai . But even then, there were still some twists and turns in convincing the Rulers and Great Nobles . This was even true for the Demon Dragon King . After all, they were enemies before, it would be stupid for them to just go into a place without proper investigation .



Chapter 821 – The Divine Race Will Collapse Soon.

The Third Prince was completely scrapped . This was his first time entering a battlefield and he had already suffered a colossal loss . At this point, he didn’t have the ability to command an army

Naturally, the Generals of the Divine Race were aware of this . In order to save their soldiers from dying in vain and keeping the Third Prince safe, the Generals went to Thunder Yun for help . Therefore, aside from the first few charges and the attack on the Accra Mountain, Thunder Yun took command of every action the Divine Race army made

Although Thunder Yun’s command token was taken away by the Third Prince and wasn’t permitted to command troops, the Divine Race were well aware of Thunder Yun’s ability . After the Third Prince blanked out, the Divine Race could only rely on Thunder Yun for command

However, they didn’t know that the stress felt by Thunder Yun was no smaller than the Third Prince . At this time, Thunder Yun was at the point of collapse . Although he was still going on, his abilities were already affected

In this case, although the Divine Race’s command chain was restored, its overall ability was still completely crippled

Thunder Yun’s only choice right now was to attack . He can almost affirm that Zhao Hai had already attacked the Radiant Empire . The only thing the Divine Race army could do was to break Accra Mountains’ defensive line and conquer the Ark Continent . Otherwise, the Taurus King would certainly punish him . Even the Marshal won’t be able to do anything

Thunder Yun knew the moment they started fighting the defensive line that the Divine Race had no easy way out . Zhao Hai certainly wouldn’t allow them to return to the Radiant Empire without the army leaving an arm or two . By the time they return to the Radiant Empire, their numbers would be reduced significantly, and it would be impossible to return within four days . If they were to return, they would take at least half a month . But by that time everything would be too late

Thunder Yun also knew the implications of Zhao Hai attacking the Radiant Empire . Ever since the Taurus Divines started their conquests, they never experienced an attack on their rear . But now, under the Third Prince’s command, they did . This meant that the Third Prince’s military accomplishments were utterly finished, completely decimated

At this time, Thunder Yun was only hoping to break through the defensive line as quickly as possible and enter the Ark Continent . This might give them enough recognition from the King to give them lenient punishment

Three days passed by and the undead were still defending the defensive line . Thunder Yun didn’t know how many attacks they had already launched . However, all of them were useless, they just couldn’t break through the defensive line . This made Thunder Yun’s mood worse and worse . He knew that the longer they get entangled here, the worse it would be for them

Thunder Yun also discovered that the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus armies weren’t giving their all . However, Thunder Yun didn’t dare to get angry at them right now . No matter what, the two cavalry armies were still attracting attacks from the undead . At this time, only a fool would offend these two armies

But Thunder Yun remembered this . He was thinking that after they head back to the Divine Realm, then he would harden the suppression on these two races

Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of Thunder Yun’s thoughts . He was at the living room at this time, looking at the Divine Race . Megan was the one in charge right now, Lizzy was taking a rest

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Brother Hai, you came back . Did everything go well?” Although Megan was the one taking control, she doesn’t actually need to give her full focus on the command . After all, the undead were also intelligent . What Megan needed to facilitate was the overall situation, the undead would take care of their own jobs

Zhao Hai looked at Megan’s weary face, he smiled bitterly and said, “Megan, you’ve been working hard . I’ve already reached an agreement with the Demons . They will dispatch their troops to support us . When that time comes we can finally deal with the Divine Race . ” Megan smiled faintly and nodded, “Alright, that would be good . The Divine Race are going frantic . They are only attacking desperately at this point . Unlike the past two days where they were still organized, that time was hard . ”.

Zhao Hai looked at Megan and said, “Don’t worry, we’ll make sure that the Divine Race suffers . The Demons have agreed to enter the Space . I will pick them up tomorrow and give them some equipment and weapons to deal with the Divine Race alongside the undead . ” Megan nodded, “Brother Hai, are you serious about doing a counter attack on the Divine Realm?”.

Zhao Hai’s voice became cold as he said, “Why not? The Radiant Empire had millions of ghosts unable to shout their resentment . If we don’t get revenge for them then we would become heartless . Moreover, I want to get more Goblins to the Space . ” Megan smiled, then she hugged Zhao Hai while looking at the fight on the screen . Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Wouldn’t it be nice if we could live peacefully, looking at the monitor that doesn’t show battles . That would be great . ”.

Zhao Hai gently patter Megan’s head and said, “It’s not like I don’t want to live peacefully . People just come and cause trouble for us . Don’t forget, the Divine Race aren’t our only enemies, the Underworld is still running around in the north . There’s also Lu Wei . The one we had dealt with before was just his projection . His main body still remained undamaged . I’m afraid we would have to face him as well . ”.

Megan gave out a sigh . He knew that what Zhao Hai said was right . As their strength was getting stronger and stronger, their enemies were also getting more powerful

The battle of the day soon passed . The Divine Race were still unaware that the Radiant Empire had already been attacked . They still kept attacking and attacking

Zhao Hai went back to take a good rest, he left Laura to accompany Megan and Lizzy . The Divine Race also attacked in the evening, making it impossible for Megan to take a rest . Zhao Hai doesn’t want Megan to stay up at night alone, so he asked Laura to join Megan

When Zhao Hai got up the next morning, he started to prepare the supplies to be given to the Demon Race . These supplies had weapons but also common living materials

The Demons would enter the Space but Zhao Hai didn’t know what kind of houses they live in . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to keep the present appearance of the background, he also didn’t have enough cash to make significant changes . In addition to the supplies, he also released low level magic beasts in the background

One could say that there weren’t low level magic beasts in the Space . However, Zhao Hai discovered that he could adjust the levels of purchased magic beasts in the Space . Both long-tailed chicken and blue-eyed rabbits can be turned to either 9th rank or just any ordinary animal with no rank

On the other hand, beasts like the raging bulls can only have a minimum of 1st rank . In other words, they couldn’t be turned into ordinary animals . Their levels ranged from 9th rank to 1st rank, and lower than 1st rank was impossible

This function was quite useful . Although the people in the Space had become quite strong, it would be impossible for them to kill 9th rank beasts every day . Having lower level magic beasts would ideal for everyday living

Noon came as Zhao Hai prepared the supplies . Then he returned to his room and looked at the monitor only to see a properly arranged Demon Army waiting for the spatial rift

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he waved his hand and opened a huge spatial rift outside Demon City

The Demon Dragon King had prepared themselves well; they were already in formation early in the morning . The Demons hadn’t had a wink of sleep last night . This matter was just too important for them . Perhaps, beginning from this day, the Demons would forever discard the brutal environment of the Demon Realm

Seconds turned to minutes as minutes turned to hours . As noon came closer and closer, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but get more nervous

Just as the Demon Dragon King was worrying that the spatial rift wouldn’t appear, a huge crack appeared right outside Demon City

Zhao Hai slowly flew out of the rift . When the Demon Dragon King saw Zhao Hai, he immediately went forward to give his greetings . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and gave a salute, “I apologize for making the Demon Dragon King wait . I’ve already prepared the supplies inside the Space . ”.

The Demon Dragon King didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this polite . He returned the salute and quickly said, “Mister is too polite . It’s still noon so you aren’t really late . ” Zhao Hai gave out a laugh and replied, “Alright . I’ll have to ask the Demon Dragon King to arrange your people to enter the Space . The place where you’ll appear will be your home in the future . ”.

The Demon Dragon King excitedly nodded . Then he waved to the people behind him and before long a team of Demons entered the spatial rift

These people were Demon Ogres . They were specifically tasked with the Demon Dragon King to check the place . If the environment was good, then they would go . If it wasn’t, then they won’t

Zhao Hai didn’t care about this action . After all, nobody would carelessly go inside a mysterious rift . The residents of the Ark Continent only did so because they already trust Zhao Hai . But even then, there were still some twists and turns in convincing the Rulers and Great Nobles . This was even true for the Demon Dragon King . After all, they were enemies before, it would be stupid for them to just go into a place without proper investigation





* * *













  822: 822

Chapter 822 – The Demons Enter The Space



The reason why the Demons agreed to migrating into the Space was because of the Underworld’s threat . At this point the Demons had no other choice .



However, the Demons were people of courage and bravery . They wouldn’t just allow Zhao Hai to deceive them . Zhao Hai believed that if he did, then the Demons would forgo anything and attack him .



The Demon Dragon King didn’t have the mind to talk to Zhao Hai right now . He was currently staring at the spatial rift with a nervous expression . He was waiting for the Demon Ogres to come back .



Before long, a Demon Ogre went out of the rift . The God rank Demon Ogre was rushing towards the Demon Dragon King with an elated look, “Demon Dragon, it’s fantastic . Everything inside is so beautiful, much more attractive compared to the Ark Continent . It will be better for you to have a look . ” The Demon Dragon King knew how impossible it would be for the Demon Ogres to lie . If they did, then it would be extremely obvious . After hearing the Demon Ogre, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but let out a breath .



At this time, the Demon Dragon King was reminded of Zhao Hai who was right by his side . It was clear from his action that he didn’t trust Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King became afraid that Zhao Hai might be offended . Because of this, he had an awkward expression as he turned his head .



However, Zhao Hai was just smiling . There seems to be no problems .



The Demon Dragon King let out a sigh of relief . Then he gave a salute to Zhao Hai and meekly laughed, “Mister, this Demon Dragon asks for forgiveness . ”



Zhao Hai smiled, “It’s not a problem . I can’t blame you . This is a very important matter for the Demons . Your Majesty, please have your troops enter the spatial rift . I have to be honest, when I say live inside Space, I lied a bit . At this time, there are no structures to shelter you . You need to build everything yourselves . Last time, when I reconstructed the Ark Continent, it cost me a lot . For now, I have no resources left to help the Demons . You’ll have to start everything from zero . ”



The Demon Dragon King laughed and said, “Mister, there’s no problem with that . In the Demon Realm, aside from stone houses, we don’t have anything else . For the Demons, money and other things are completely useless . The most important thing is a place to comfortably live in . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “Then you won’t be disappointed in the Space . I also left some living materials for you . I believe it wouldn’t take too long before you can build your own cities . ” The Demon Dragon King looked at the spatial rift and said, “I believe so too . ” Then he waved his hand, signalling the army to enter the Space in an orderly manner .



Zhao Hai calmly looked at the Demons along with the Demon Dragon King . Quickly entering the Space with several tens of millions of people was virtually impossible . Although Zhao Hai’s spatial rift was quite big, it still took some time before all the Demons managed to enter the Space .



Finally, it was Zhao Hai and the Demon Dragon King’s turn to enter the Space . The black surroundings of the spatial rift was quickly replaced by the blue skies of the Space . Upon seeing the the environment, the Demon Dragon King immediately loved it . It was truly beautiful; blue skies, lush grass, it was indeed much better compared to the Ark Continent .



Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and then said, “Your Majesty, I’ll be leaving things here for you to manage, I still have things to do . Can I know when the Demons would be ready to deal with the Divine Race?”



The Demon Dragon King recovered from his stupor, he looked at Zhao Haia nd said, “I already arranged them yesterday . Mister, rest assured, we certainly wouldn’t delay . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and then took out a messenger fish before handing it over to the Demon Dragon King, “I’ll give this messenger fish to you . If you have anything you need, then don’t hesitate to contact me . ” The Demon Dragon King already saw the Great Demon King used the messenger fish, so he already knew how to operate it . The Demon Dragon King nodded before receiving the messenger fish . After that, Zhao Hai’s body flashed as it disappeared .



The Demon Dragon King looked at the messenger fish before he carefully kept it . Then he turned his head to resume looking at the scenery in front of him .



The place was really attractive, more attractive than anything he had seen before . He always thought that the Ark Continent was the best, but now it was clear that the Space was much better .



At this time, a shout was suddenly heard in the distance . The Demon Dragon King immediately went towards the commotion and saw piles upon piles of supplies, it was a group of hills beside one another .



However, these piles only contained commodities, there were no weapons . However, the weapons weren’t placed far, one could see javelins being stacked up on each other .



A Demon Ogre held the javelin and tried to test it . After throwing the javelin, the ground in the distance suddenly bore out a huge hole . The result gained cheers from the crowd .



The Demon Dragon King smiled faintly upon seeing this, he gently shook his head before he said, “Alright, stop playing around . These javelins were left here to be used on the Divine Race . Everyone, don’t forget our purpose here . His Majesty has ordered us to get familiar with the place so that the other Demons can settle down properly . ”



The people complied with his order and left . In the meantime, the Demon Dragon King convened the leaders of the Demon groups to discuss the troops to be sent tomorrow .



After the leaders arrived, the Demon Dragon King said, “i already guaranteed mister that we’ll send our troops by tomorrow . What are your thoughts on this?” The other Demons didn’t speak . The Demon Dragon King scanned the group and said, “If you have anything to say, just say it . ”



This time, a Demon Ogre opened his mouth and said, “There’s no need to say anything . Mister has given us a good place, the least we could do is help him deal with the Divine Race . We’ll smash those Divines like eggs! They’re running dogs of that bastard, we have to kill them!”



The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Alright, then that’s settled . His Majesty the Great Demon King also gave instructions to only send our elites, so we can’t have everyone go . Since this is the case, then we might as well send the Devil Legion . Each and every one of them had battled through mountains of corpses and seas of blood . His Majesty told me that if they don’t get to kill for some time, then they would go insane . Tomorrow seems to be a good opportunity to send them out . There are ten million soldiers in the Devil Legion less the 100 thousand that His Majesty took with him . I believe they should be enough to help deal with the Divine Race . What do you think?”



The Devil Legion that the Demon Dragon King meant was actually the Death Qi army that Zhao Hai saw . Just as the Demon Dragon King said, the army was born out of killing and killing . And if they didn’t kill, then they would go insane .



Actually, this was a type of mental disease . They grew up in the battlefield and only knew how to kill . Their affinity for murder had become too great that they were completely incompatible with normal lifestyles .



Nobody expressed any objection . Then the Demon Dragon King continued, “After the Demon Army sets out, the others will proceed to build structures . Mister told me that he had already spent a lot of resources to copy the Ark Continent, therefore he isn’t able to help us . He had already given us this beautiful place, so how could we depend on him on this as well? I’ll lead the army tomorrow but I need people to be in charge back here . Moqiao and Shidak will remain here to take charge . ” Moqiao was a Demon who looked more delicate compared to the others . Although he was a God-rank expert, his killing aura was completely different compared to the other Demons .



On the other hand, Shidak was a short Demon . He had a burly appearance and had a fully bearded face . He looked like a large version of a Dwarf .



The two stood up at the same time and gave a salute .



The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Then I’ll leave the Space for you two . Pick a nice place to build His Majesty’s palace . Then as soon as the Space’s map gets figured out, then start allocating places for our brethren . ”



The other Demons didn’t oppose to the Demon Dragon King’s plan . The Great Demon King held a high status among the Demons . Nobody would oppose to building his palace first . ”



After seeing that everybody had agreed, the Demon Dragon King continued added, “Good . Then let’s have the Devil Legion . The others will have to investigate the Space . ”



The Demons simultaneously nodded before leaving . The Demon Dragon King stayed on his seat and looked at the scenery . A great land spanned out as far as the eye could see . The Demon Dragon King didn’t think that a day would come where he would witness such a sight .



The Demon Dragon King took a deep breath, smelling the fragrance of the green grass . The smell was fantastic . The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help himself as he stood up and went out of his carriage to step on the meadow . He felt like he was stepping on a wool blanket . It was soft, the Demon Dragon King was forced to walk carefully .



After walking for some time, the Demon Dragon King came upon a small creek . The water on this creek was very clear . He could even see small fish swimming here and there .



The Demon Dragon King squatted and cupped some water from the creek, drinking it . Sweet! The water was unexpectedly very pleasant . The Demon Dragon King slowly closed his eyes as tears filled his face . This is a good place, this is the heaven that the Demons were always dreaming about .



After some time, the Demon Dragon King stood up and looked all around . There were Demons frolicking everywhere . They too were overwhelmed by a sense of glee . The Demon Dragon King didn’t stop them from roaming around . He can understand what these Demons felt . To be honest, if he wasn’t concerned of his status, then he would’ve joined them as they flew around all over the place .



Chapter 822 – The Demons Enter The Space The reason why the Demons agreed to migrating into the Space was because of the Underworld’s threat . At this point the Demons had no other choice . However, the Demons were people of courage and bravery . They wouldn’t just allow Zhao Hai to deceive them . Zhao Hai believed that if he did, then the Demons would forgo anything and attack him . The Demon Dragon King didn’t have the mind to talk to Zhao Hai right now . He was currently staring at the spatial rift with a nervous expression . He was waiting for the Demon Ogres to come back . Before long, a Demon Ogre went out of the rift . The God rank Demon Ogre was rushing towards the Demon Dragon King with an elated look, “Demon Dragon, it’s fantastic . Everything inside is so beautiful, much more attractive compared to the Ark Continent . It will be better for you to have a look . ” The Demon Dragon King knew how impossible it would be for the Demon Ogres to lie . If they did, then it would be extremely obvious . After hearing the Demon Ogre, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but let out a breath . At this time, the Demon Dragon King was reminded of Zhao Hai who was right by his side . It was clear from his action that he didn’t trust Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King became afraid that Zhao Hai might be offended . Because of this, he had an awkward expression as he turned his head . However, Zhao Hai was just smiling . There seems to be no problems . The Demon Dragon King let out a sigh of relief . Then he gave a salute to Zhao Hai and meekly laughed, “Mister, this Demon Dragon asks for forgiveness . ” Zhao Hai smiled, “It’s not a problem . I can’t blame you . This is a very important matter for the Demons . Your Majesty, please have your troops enter the spatial rift . I have to be honest, when I say live inside Space, I lied a bit . At this time, there are no structures to shelter you . You need to build everything yourselves . Last time, when I reconstructed the Ark Continent, it cost me a lot . For now, I have no resources left to help the Demons . You’ll have to start everything from zero . ” The Demon Dragon King laughed and said, “Mister, there’s no problem with that . In the Demon Realm, aside from stone houses, we don’t have anything else . For the Demons, money and other things are completely useless . The most important thing is a place to comfortably live in . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “Then you won’t be disappointed in the Space . I also left some living materials for you . I believe it wouldn’t take too long before you can build your own cities . ” The Demon Dragon King looked at the spatial rift and said, “I believe so too . ” Then he waved his hand, signalling the army to enter the Space in an orderly manner . Zhao Hai calmly looked at the Demons along with the Demon Dragon King . Quickly entering the Space with several tens of millions of people was virtually impossible . Although Zhao Hai’s spatial rift was quite big, it still took some time before all the Demons managed to enter the Space . Finally, it was Zhao Hai and the Demon Dragon King’s turn to enter the Space . The black surroundings of the spatial rift was quickly replaced by the blue skies of the Space . Upon seeing the the environment, the Demon Dragon King immediately loved it . It was truly beautiful; blue skies, lush grass, it was indeed much better compared to the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and then said, “Your Majesty, I’ll be leaving things here for you to manage, I still have things to do . Can I know when the Demons would be ready to deal with the Divine Race?” The Demon Dragon King recovered from his stupor, he looked at Zhao Haia nd said, “I already arranged them yesterday . Mister, rest assured, we certainly wouldn’t delay . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then took out a messenger fish before handing it over to the Demon Dragon King, “I’ll give this messenger fish to you . If you have anything you need, then don’t hesitate to contact me . ” The Demon Dragon King already saw the Great Demon King used the messenger fish, so he already knew how to operate it . The Demon Dragon King nodded before receiving the messenger fish . After that, Zhao Hai’s body flashed as it disappeared . The Demon Dragon King looked at the messenger fish before he carefully kept it . Then he turned his head to resume looking at the scenery in front of him . The place was really attractive, more attractive than anything he had seen before . He always thought that the Ark Continent was the best, but now it was clear that the Space was much better . At this time, a shout was suddenly heard in the distance . The Demon Dragon King immediately went towards the commotion and saw piles upon piles of supplies, it was a group of hills beside one another . However, these piles only contained commodities, there were no weapons . However, the weapons weren’t placed far, one could see javelins being stacked up on each other . A Demon Ogre held the javelin and tried to test it . After throwing the javelin, the ground in the distance suddenly bore out a huge hole . The result gained cheers from the crowd . The Demon Dragon King smiled faintly upon seeing this, he gently shook his head before he said, “Alright, stop playing around . These javelins were left here to be used on the Divine Race . Everyone, don’t forget our purpose here . His Majesty has ordered us to get familiar with the place so that the other Demons can settle down properly . ” The people complied with his order and left . In the meantime, the Demon Dragon King convened the leaders of the Demon groups to discuss the troops to be sent tomorrow . After the leaders arrived, the Demon Dragon King said, “i already guaranteed mister that we’ll send our troops by tomorrow . What are your thoughts on this?” The other Demons didn’t speak . The Demon Dragon King scanned the group and said, “If you have anything to say, just say it . ” This time, a Demon Ogre opened his mouth and said, “There’s no need to say anything . Mister has given us a good place, the least we could do is help him deal with the Divine Race . We’ll smash those Divines like eggs! They’re running dogs of that bastard, we have to kill them!” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Alright, then that’s settled . His Majesty the Great Demon King also gave instructions to only send our elites, so we can’t have everyone go . Since this is the case, then we might as well send the Devil Legion . Each and every one of them had battled through mountains of corpses and seas of blood . His Majesty told me that if they don’t get to kill for some time, then they would go insane . Tomorrow seems to be a good opportunity to send them out . There are ten million soldiers in the Devil Legion less the 100 thousand that His Majesty took with him . I believe they should be enough to help deal with the Divine Race . What do you think?” The Devil Legion that the Demon Dragon King meant was actually the Death Qi army that Zhao Hai saw . Just as the Demon Dragon King said, the army was born out of killing and killing . And if they didn’t kill, then they would go insane . Actually, this was a type of mental disease . They grew up in the battlefield and only knew how to kill . Their affinity for murder had become too great that they were completely incompatible with normal lifestyles . Nobody expressed any objection . Then the Demon Dragon King continued, “After the Demon Army sets out, the others will proceed to build structures . Mister told me that he had already spent a lot of resources to copy the Ark Continent, therefore he isn’t able to help us . He had already given us this beautiful place, so how could we depend on him on this as well? I’ll lead the army tomorrow but I need people to be in charge back here . Moqiao and Shidak will remain here to take charge . ” Moqiao was a Demon who looked more delicate compared to the others . Although he was a God-rank expert, his killing aura was completely different compared to the other Demons . On the other hand, Shidak was a short Demon . He had a burly appearance and had a fully bearded face . He looked like a large version of a Dwarf . The two stood up at the same time and gave a salute . The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Then I’ll leave the Space for you two . Pick a nice place to build His Majesty’s palace . Then as soon as the Space’s map gets figured out, then start allocating places for our brethren . ” The other Demons didn’t oppose to the Demon Dragon King’s plan . The Great Demon King held a high status among the Demons . Nobody would oppose to building his palace first . ” After seeing that everybody had agreed, the Demon Dragon King continued added, “Good . Then let’s have the Devil Legion . The others will have to investigate the Space . ” The Demons simultaneously nodded before leaving . The Demon Dragon King stayed on his seat and looked at the scenery . A great land spanned out as far as the eye could see . The Demon Dragon King didn’t think that a day would come where he would witness such a sight . The Demon Dragon King took a deep breath, smelling the fragrance of the green grass . The smell was fantastic . The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help himself as he stood up and went out of his carriage to step on the meadow . He felt like he was stepping on a wool blanket . It was soft, the Demon Dragon King was forced to walk carefully . After walking for some time, the Demon Dragon King came upon a small creek . The water on this creek was very clear . He could even see small fish swimming here and there . The Demon Dragon King squatted and cupped some water from the creek, drinking it . Sweet! The water was unexpectedly very pleasant . The Demon Dragon King slowly closed his eyes as tears filled his face . This is a good place, this is the heaven that the Demons were always dreaming about . After some time, the Demon Dragon King stood up and looked all around . There were Demons frolicking everywhere . They too were overwhelmed by a sense of glee . The Demon Dragon King didn’t stop them from roaming around . He can understand what these Demons felt . To be honest, if he wasn’t concerned of his status, then he would’ve joined them as they flew around all over the place .





* * *

Chapter 823 – Three Continuous Rounds

The Demon Dragon King woke up . He never felt this great after sleeping . His sleep was too serene .

The Demon Dragon King wasn’t sleeping in a luxurious room . Instead, he was lying outdoors, on the ground, with only the grass as his bed .

If ordinary humans slept on the grass overnight, then they would’ve fallen sick by the time they woke up . This would never happen to the Demons . Not to say a meadow, even if they fell asleep on a huge slab of rock, they still wouldn’t get sick . Their bodies were just too formidable, it wasn’t any less compared to magic beasts .

The Demon Dragon King didn’t open his eyes immediately . He just quietly laid there and smelt the fresh fragrance of grass, relaxing his mind from the inside out .

After some time, the Demon Dragon King opened his eyes and looked all around him . He discovered that there were Demons who were still taking walks in all directions . Their faces all wearing warm smiles .

The Demon Dragon King stood up gave an order,”Devil Legion, assemble!” As his voice fell, the resting soldiers of the Devil Legion immediately stood up and quickly assembled themselves into a formation .

The Demon Dragon King didn’t have any reaction . If the Devil Legion didn’t have this simple ability, then they wouldn’t have been the Demon Realm’s most powerful group . The Demon Dragon King went to the front of the Legion and said, “Today we shall be fighting the Divine Race . Javelins will be provided to each one of you . I believe you already knew about the javelins, so be careful when carrying it . Now, go line up!” The Devil Legion immediately readjusted their formation as they took two batches of three javelins each .

After receiving their weapons, the Demon Dragon King gave another order, “Bring your weapons and go eat . Come back after having your meal . ” The Devil Legion gave a shout .

The Devil Legion also had its own logistics division . Their meals were the best in the Demon Army . At the very least, they would have magic beast soup to consume .





At this time, Zhao Hai appeared right beside the Demon Dragon King . Upon seeing Zhao Hai, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but stare as he gave salute to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, were we late?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and shook his head, “Late? No, no . Right, what are they eating? . ” Then he pointed at the food that the Devil Legion were eating .

The Devil Legion had meat soup . However, meat wasn’t the main course . Their staple was a type of green grass, something like a vegetable stuffed dumpling .

The Demon Dragon King also looked at the Devil Legion and nodded, “This is the food most Vile Demons eat . It’s from the Demon Realm’s saint tree . ”

When Zhao Hai heard this, he immediately understood . He didn’t think that the Demon Dragon King’s people would actually eat Cai’er’s leaves .

Cai’er’s leaves were indeed edible . Zhao Hai and the others even tried to eat one . However, the taste wasn’t good at all, moreover, it was rough to the throat . Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Demon Army’s most elite troops to eat this kind of food .

Zhao Hai shook his head as he pointed to a distant mountain and said, “There is a bread tree forest over on that mountain . You can eat those . As long as you get the fruits and open them, the pulp could be directly consumed . ”

The Demon Dragon King stared, then he immediately had people go and fetch bread fruits over on the mountain . They also saw this fruit yesterday, however, they didn’t know what it was . In the Demon Realm, if you saw a delicious looking fruit, then it was almost always lethal to ingest . There were even fruits too poisonous that it can kill even a God-rank expert . Because of this, the Demons didn’t touch the bread fruits out of habit .

Before long, Demons carrying bread fruits came back . Zhao Hai took one bread fruit and opened it . Just as the fruit was opened, the pulp immediately expanded . Zhao Hai tore a piece of the pulp and placed it on his mouth . Then he nodded and said, “It’s good . However, this one isn’t ripe yet . Make sure to get the ones that are turning yellow . Not only are they bigger, they are also the most delicious . ”

The Demon Dragon King also took one bread fruit and like Zhao Hai, cracked it open before eating a piece of the pulp . As soon as the pulp reached his mouth, a sweet fragrance immediately filled his cavity . After eating a few more pieces of pulp, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you saying that all those fruits are for us?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yes . Currently speaking, those are the our highest output trees . They can help you pass your initial migration . Later on, I’ll give you some seeds so that you can plant your own crops like bamboo rice, corn, and so on . I believe you’ll come to like them . ”





Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yes . Currently speaking, those are the our highest output trees . They can help you pass your initial migration . Later on, I’ll give you some seeds so that you can plant your own crops like bamboo rice, corn, and so on . I believe you’ll come to like them . ”

The Demon Dragon King looked gratefully at Zhao Hai . After some time, he bowed his body, intending to kneel . However, Zhao Hai stopped him in time and said, “No need to be overly polite . Since you’ll be living here from now on, then that means we’re now on the same side . You’re my family, so no need to be formal . ”

The Demon Dragon King still gave a small bow before turning to the other Demons and said, “Everyone, go and eat these fruits . However, the Devil Legion would have to continue eating their meals . There’s no time left to gather fruits for you . ”

After having eaten their meals, the Demon Dragon King gathered the Devil Legion . Zhao Hai looked at the Devil Legion in front of him and couldn’t help but feel the pressure .

The Demon Dragon King went towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, they are the most powerful Demons in the army . Each one of them had gone through hundreds of battles and mountains of corpses . They are very powerful . I’ll be leading them to help you in dealing with the Divine Race . But there is one thing about them I need to tell you . They are a murderous group, only suitable for life of battles . They can’t do anything else, and if they don’t fight then they would go crazy . They might get dangerous enough to kill each other . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he immediately understood that these people were completely swallowed by the spirit of murder . However, this was also good . Having these people meant that they were completely unafraid to fight, it meant that Zhao Hai essentially had one undead and one undead-like army in his hand .

The Demon Dragon King became anxious after seeing Zhao Hai stay silent for a while . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly asked, “Can they ride a horse?”

The Demon Dragon King gawked, then he nodded and said, “They can ride horses . Why did mister ask?”

Zhao Hai replied, “I want to turn them into a cavalry unit . Moreover, their equipment needed to be changed . ” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, making a bunch of equipment appear .

These equipment were divided into several piles . There was a pile for armor, a pile of spears, and a pile of swords . Zhao Hai didn’t bring out some shields, they were too heavy and will affect speed .

Zhao Hai turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Have them try it . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded as he commanded the Devil Legion to change their equipment .





Zhao Hai turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Have them try it . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded as he commanded the Devil Legion to change their equipment .

Zhao Hai was afraid that these people would be unfamiliar with the new equipment . But soon, Zhao Hai realized his mistake . These people were born to fight, so any weapon and armor was completely suited for them . Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that they arranged their weapons in a way for them to easily pull it out . It’s quite clear that they weren’t unfamiliar with these weapons .

Zhao Hai relaxed, then he released a large number of ferghana horses . At this point, everyone was already equipped . They were holding spears on their hands as they rode the saddle . There were two pockets of three javelins, one strapped to each side . Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll leave them to you, Demon Dragon . Just follow me, there’s no need to charge immediately . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded and then went to his carriage .

. Zhao Hai looked at the group and smiled . Then without saying anything, he waved his hand and opened a rift in the Space . Then Zhao Hai led the ten million strong Demon Army out .

Zhao Hai and the others appeared not far from the Divine Race’s rear . They were going to start going all out against the Divine Race .

The Demon Dragon King was standing beside Zhao Hai, looking at the Divine Race’s location from time to time . At this time, Zhao Hai was also standing beside the Demon Dragon King . This was the Demon Dragon King’s intention . Since Zhao Hai wouldn’t look good if he was just flying on air, he invited him over to stand in the carriage .

Zhao Hai didn’t reject the invitation as he stood on the black dragon carriage . They could see the Divine Race fighting in the distance . These Divine Race soldiers looked like they were in a trance . The only thing in their eyes was the Accra Mountain’s defensive line . They didn’t even notice the ten million Demons appearing behind them .

Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race army as he turned to the Devil Legion behind him and said, “Demon Brothers . Before you are the Divine Race . All of them look at themselves as sacred while seeing all others as beneath them . But under their sacred facade is a ruthless and cold blooded nature . Their cruelty is incomparable to any other . They used a hundred million people for their blood sacrifice and broke the barrier of the Ark continent, changing the laws of the heavens and the earth . In turn, this caused the Underworld to appear on the Ark continent . Most importantly, they are running dogs for that immortal cultivator . Although they knew about him, they were still willing to devote their lives to that person . They are a race bent on conquest, offering everything for that immortal cultivator!”

Although Zhao Hai’s voice wasn’t that loud, all ten million Demons in the Devil Legion all heard him . And even if they didn’t make any sound, their reaction was obvious by the appearance of killing intent in their gazes .

Zhao Hai looked at them and then continued, “You are the Demon Race’s most elite soldiers . Today, it’s time for you to show your strength . Let the Divine Race know that they aren’t the most powerful . Let them know of the Demon Race’s strength . Follow me . Kill everyone!!!!”

After speaking this, a blood red spear appeared on Zhao Hai’s hand . This spear wasn’t a transformed blood ghost staff . Instead, it was actually the Beast God’s Spear .

Ever since the Beastmen entered the Space, they had given Zhao Hai their Beast God’s Spear . This was also true for the Elven Bow and the Iron Hammer . These three artifacts already submitted to Zhao Hai . In addition to these three, there was also the three artifacts from the Radiant Church . However, since he can’t use everything, Zhao Hai just took the spear and handed everything else to Laura .



After speaking this, a blood red spear appeared on Zhao Hai’s hand . This spear wasn’t a transformed blood ghost staff . Instead, it was actually the Beast God’s Spear .

Ever since the Beastmen entered the Space, they had given Zhao Hai their Beast God’s Spear . This was also true for the Elven Bow and the Iron Hammer . These three artifacts already submitted to Zhao Hai . In addition to these three, there was also the three artifacts from the Radiant Church . However, since he can’t use everything, Zhao Hai just took the spear and handed everything else to Laura .

As Zhao Hai’s voice fell, the Devil Legion chanted in one voice, “Kill! Kill!” Not only the Devil Legion, even the Demon Dragon King was feeling his insides turning hot .

Zhao Hai turned around and then pointed his spear towards the Divine Race and shouted, “Kill them!!” Then the black dragon carriage started to move, directly approaching the Divine Race’s rear .

Among the Divine Race army, some of them who were resting had started to notice Zhao Hai . They hurriedly set up their formations and prepared to block Zhao Hai’s advance . At the same time, the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus were ordered to attack the left and right sides of the Demon Army while the Divine Race kept the Accra Mountains’ defensive line busy .

One couldn’t deny the quality of the Divine Race army . Achieving this shift in formation was not easy . However, they were unfortunate to have traitors among their numbers .

The Divine Race wanted the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to keep the Demons at bay while Thunder Yun attacked the defensive line . However, the Divine Race never expected the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus to go away after seeing Zhao Hai’s attack . They didn’t even take the effort to confront the enemy .

This huge betrayal caused the Divine Race army to almost spit out blood . But what they needed to do right now was to block Zhao Hai’s attack . If they cannot block Zhao Hai’s attack on the rear, then the Divine Race army would collapse . Even if the Deity came, their situation would still be unsalvageable .

However, the Divine Race seemed to forget that Zhao Hai still had blood lightning javelins . After nearly entering firing distance, Zhao Hai loudly said, “Prepare the javelins!” Along with his order, the Demons immediately took two javelins, one for each hand .

When they arrived at their firing distance, Zhao Hai immediately ordered, “Send three continuous rounds their way!” Then after that, the Demons immediately threw two javelins on each of their hands, then they took another two out and then threw it, then another two……”



Chapter 823 – Three Continuous Rounds.

The Demon Dragon King woke up . He never felt this great after sleeping . His sleep was too serene

The Demon Dragon King wasn’t sleeping in a luxurious room . Instead, he was lying outdoors, on the ground, with only the grass as his bed

If ordinary humans slept on the grass overnight, then they would’ve fallen sick by the time they woke up . This would never happen to the Demons . Not to say a meadow, even if they fell asleep on a huge slab of rock, they still wouldn’t get sick . Their bodies were just too formidable, it wasn’t any less compared to magic beasts

The Demon Dragon King didn’t open his eyes immediately . He just quietly laid there and smelt the fresh fragrance of grass, relaxing his mind from the inside out

After some time, the Demon Dragon King opened his eyes and looked all around him . He discovered that there were Demons who were still taking walks in all directions . Their faces all wearing warm smiles

The Demon Dragon King stood up gave an order,”Devil Legion, assemble!” As his voice fell, the resting soldiers of the Devil Legion immediately stood up and quickly assembled themselves into a formation

The Demon Dragon King didn’t have any reaction . If the Devil Legion didn’t have this simple ability, then they wouldn’t have been the Demon Realm’s most powerful group . The Demon Dragon King went to the front of the Legion and said, “Today we shall be fighting the Divine Race . Javelins will be provided to each one of you . I believe you already knew about the javelins, so be careful when carrying it . Now, go line up!” The Devil Legion immediately readjusted their formation as they took two batches of three javelins each

After receiving their weapons, the Demon Dragon King gave another order, “Bring your weapons and go eat . Come back after having your meal . ” The Devil Legion gave a shout

The Devil Legion also had its own logistics division . Their meals were the best in the Demon Army . At the very least, they would have magic beast soup to consume

At this time, Zhao Hai appeared right beside the Demon Dragon King . Upon seeing Zhao Hai, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but stare as he gave salute to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, were we late?”.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and shook his head, “Late? No, no . Right, what are they eating? . ” Then he pointed at the food that the Devil Legion were eating

The Devil Legion had meat soup . However, meat wasn’t the main course . Their staple was a type of green grass, something like a vegetable stuffed dumpling

The Demon Dragon King also looked at the Devil Legion and nodded, “This is the food most Vile Demons eat . It’s from the Demon Realm’s saint tree . ”.

When Zhao Hai heard this, he immediately understood . He didn’t think that the Demon Dragon King’s people would actually eat Cai’er’s leaves

Cai’er’s leaves were indeed edible . Zhao Hai and the others even tried to eat one . However, the taste wasn’t good at all, moreover, it was rough to the throat . Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Demon Army’s most elite troops to eat this kind of food

Zhao Hai shook his head as he pointed to a distant mountain and said, “There is a bread tree forest over on that mountain . You can eat those . As long as you get the fruits and open them, the pulp could be directly consumed . ”.

The Demon Dragon King stared, then he immediately had people go and fetch bread fruits over on the mountain . They also saw this fruit yesterday, however, they didn’t know what it was . In the Demon Realm, if you saw a delicious looking fruit, then it was almost always lethal to ingest . There were even fruits too poisonous that it can kill even a God-rank expert . Because of this, the Demons didn’t touch the bread fruits out of habit

Before long, Demons carrying bread fruits came back . Zhao Hai took one bread fruit and opened it . Just as the fruit was opened, the pulp immediately expanded . Zhao Hai tore a piece of the pulp and placed it on his mouth . Then he nodded and said, “It’s good . However, this one isn’t ripe yet . Make sure to get the ones that are turning yellow . Not only are they bigger, they are also the most delicious . ”.

The Demon Dragon King also took one bread fruit and like Zhao Hai, cracked it open before eating a piece of the pulp . As soon as the pulp reached his mouth, a sweet fragrance immediately filled his cavity . After eating a few more pieces of pulp, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you saying that all those fruits are for us?”.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yes . Currently speaking, those are the our highest output trees . They can help you pass your initial migration . Later on, I’ll give you some seeds so that you can plant your own crops like bamboo rice, corn, and so on . I believe you’ll come to like them . ”.

The Demon Dragon King looked gratefully at Zhao Hai . After some time, he bowed his body, intending to kneel . However, Zhao Hai stopped him in time and said, “No need to be overly polite . Since you’ll be living here from now on, then that means we’re now on the same side . You’re my family, so no need to be formal . ”.

The Demon Dragon King still gave a small bow before turning to the other Demons and said, “Everyone, go and eat these fruits . However, the Devil Legion would have to continue eating their meals . There’s no time left to gather fruits for you . ”.

After having eaten their meals, the Demon Dragon King gathered the Devil Legion . Zhao Hai looked at the Devil Legion in front of him and couldn’t help but feel the pressure

The Demon Dragon King went towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, they are the most powerful Demons in the army . Each one of them had gone through hundreds of battles and mountains of corpses . They are very powerful . I’ll be leading them to help you in dealing with the Divine Race . But there is one thing about them I need to tell you . They are a murderous group, only suitable for life of battles . They can’t do anything else, and if they don’t fight then they would go crazy . They might get dangerous enough to kill each other . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded, he immediately understood that these people were completely swallowed by the spirit of murder . However, this was also good . Having these people meant that they were completely unafraid to fight, it meant that Zhao Hai essentially had one undead and one undead-like army in his hand

The Demon Dragon King became anxious after seeing Zhao Hai stay silent for a while . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly asked, “Can they ride a horse?”.

The Demon Dragon King gawked, then he nodded and said, “They can ride horses . Why did mister ask?”.

Zhao Hai replied, “I want to turn them into a cavalry unit . Moreover, their equipment needed to be changed . ” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, making a bunch of equipment appear

These equipment were divided into several piles . There was a pile for armor, a pile of spears, and a pile of swords . Zhao Hai didn’t bring out some shields, they were too heavy and will affect speed

Zhao Hai turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Have them try it . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded as he commanded the Devil Legion to change their equipment

Zhao Hai was afraid that these people would be unfamiliar with the new equipment . But soon, Zhao Hai realized his mistake . These people were born to fight, so any weapon and armor was completely suited for them . Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that they arranged their weapons in a way for them to easily pull it out . It’s quite clear that they weren’t unfamiliar with these weapons

Zhao Hai relaxed, then he released a large number of ferghana horses . At this point, everyone was already equipped . They were holding spears on their hands as they rode the saddle . There were two pockets of three javelins, one strapped to each side . Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll leave them to you, Demon Dragon . Just follow me, there’s no need to charge immediately . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded and then went to his carriage

. Zhao Hai looked at the group and smiled . Then without saying anything, he waved his hand and opened a rift in the Space . Then Zhao Hai led the ten million strong Demon Army out

Zhao Hai and the others appeared not far from the Divine Race’s rear . They were going to start going all out against the Divine Race

The Demon Dragon King was standing beside Zhao Hai, looking at the Divine Race’s location from time to time . At this time, Zhao Hai was also standing beside the Demon Dragon King . This was the Demon Dragon King’s intention . Since Zhao Hai wouldn’t look good if he was just flying on air, he invited him over to stand in the carriage

Zhao Hai didn’t reject the invitation as he stood on the black dragon carriage . They could see the Divine Race fighting in the distance . These Divine Race soldiers looked like they were in a trance . The only thing in their eyes was the Accra Mountain’s defensive line . They didn’t even notice the ten million Demons appearing behind them

Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race army as he turned to the Devil Legion behind him and said, “Demon Brothers . Before you are the Divine Race . All of them look at themselves as sacred while seeing all others as beneath them . But under their sacred facade is a ruthless and cold blooded nature . Their cruelty is incomparable to any other . They used a hundred million people for their blood sacrifice and broke the barrier of the Ark continent, changing the laws of the heavens and the earth . In turn, this caused the Underworld to appear on the Ark continent . Most importantly, they are running dogs for that immortal cultivator . Although they knew about him, they were still willing to devote their lives to that person . They are a race bent on conquest, offering everything for that immortal cultivator!”.

Although Zhao Hai’s voice wasn’t that loud, all ten million Demons in the Devil Legion all heard him . And even if they didn’t make any sound, their reaction was obvious by the appearance of killing intent in their gazes

Zhao Hai looked at them and then continued, “You are the Demon Race’s most elite soldiers . Today, it’s time for you to show your strength . Let the Divine Race know that they aren’t the most powerful . Let them know of the Demon Race’s strength . Follow me . Kill everyone!!!!”.

After speaking this, a blood red spear appeared on Zhao Hai’s hand . This spear wasn’t a transformed blood ghost staff . Instead, it was actually the Beast God’s Spear

Ever since the Beastmen entered the Space, they had given Zhao Hai their Beast God’s Spear . This was also true for the Elven Bow and the Iron Hammer . These three artifacts already submitted to Zhao Hai . In addition to these three, there was also the three artifacts from the Radiant Church . However, since he can’t use everything, Zhao Hai just took the spear and handed everything else to Laura

As Zhao Hai’s voice fell, the Devil Legion chanted in one voice, “Kill! Kill!” Not only the Devil Legion, even the Demon Dragon King was feeling his insides turning hot

Zhao Hai turned around and then pointed his spear towards the Divine Race and shouted, “Kill them!!” Then the black dragon carriage started to move, directly approaching the Divine Race’s rear

Among the Divine Race army, some of them who were resting had started to notice Zhao Hai . They hurriedly set up their formations and prepared to block Zhao Hai’s advance . At the same time, the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus were ordered to attack the left and right sides of the Demon Army while the Divine Race kept the Accra Mountains’ defensive line busy

One couldn’t deny the quality of the Divine Race army . Achieving this shift in formation was not easy . However, they were unfortunate to have traitors among their numbers

The Divine Race wanted the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to keep the Demons at bay while Thunder Yun attacked the defensive line . However, the Divine Race never expected the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus to go away after seeing Zhao Hai’s attack . They didn’t even take the effort to confront the enemy

This huge betrayal caused the Divine Race army to almost spit out blood . But what they needed to do right now was to block Zhao Hai’s attack . If they cannot block Zhao Hai’s attack on the rear, then the Divine Race army would collapse . Even if the Deity came, their situation would still be unsalvageable

However, the Divine Race seemed to forget that Zhao Hai still had blood lightning javelins . After nearly entering firing distance, Zhao Hai loudly said, “Prepare the javelins!” Along with his order, the Demons immediately took two javelins, one for each hand

When they arrived at their firing distance, Zhao Hai immediately ordered, “Send three continuous rounds their way!” Then after that, the Demons immediately threw two javelins on each of their hands, then they took another two out and then threw it, then another two……”.





* * *

Chapter 824 – Attacked By Their Own Weapon

Three waves of never ending javelins came flying out . Since each Demon threw javelins in each hand, each of them threw six javelins overall .

The javelins thrown out by the Demons went farther than any average 9th rank, about 1,100 meters . However, this 1,100 meters was too close for the 9th rank ferghana horse .

As the matter stands, busting out three batches of attacks in that time frame would certainly need fast actions . But one could see that the javelins that were thrown this way had the largest effect on the enemy .

While throwing the javelins, Zhao Hai didn’t decrease their speed as they went forward . Fortunately, those following Zhao Hai were the elites of the elite . Otherwise, Zhao Hai’s demands wouldn’t be met at all .

After three rounds of attack, Zhao Hai and the others were already in front of the Divine Race army . Their javelins had blasted out an opening for them to penetrate through .

It was needless to say but every time Zhao Hai waved his spear while he was on the black dragon carriage, a Divine Race Soldier would die . The Demon Dragon King beside him didn’t idle and also took his weapon out . His weapon was a sword and with the two acting as the tip of the arrow, the Demon Army went straight through the Divine Race army . At this point, the defending Divine Race thought that if Zhao Hai continues to go forward, then their army would be cut in half . When that time comes, then they would be subjected to more lethal attacks by the undead on the defensive line .

Zhao Hai didn’t just attack randomly . His target was very clear, it was the sword carriage . Zhao Hai wanted to control the sword carriage more than anything else .





The ten million Demon Army, with Zhao Hai as the tip, went straight towards the sword carriage . The sword carriage was originally surrounded by cavalry . But as the battle got intense, the cavalry soldiers also participated . At this time, the defensive power of the sword carriage had dropped .

If there was a capable person inside the sword carriage, then everything would be fine . After all, the sword carriage itself was a Domain Weapon . However, the one sitting inside the sword carriage right now was the blank-headed Third Prince . Even if the sword carriage was a good weapon, it was completely useless if there’s nobody to wield it .

At this time, Thunder Yun was commanding the battle on the frontlines . He wasn’t expecting Zhao Hai to suddenly attack them from behind them and go straight towards the sword carriage .

Around Thunder Yun were about 100 thousand Thunder Clan people . Of those attacking the Accra Mountains, Thunder Yun trusted the Thunder Clan the most .

When Zhao Hai’s attack came, Thunder Yun was stunned . And when he decided to react and return to block Zhao Hai, it was already too late . Zhao Hai was currently by the sword carriage, Thunder Yun simply couldn’t catch up .

At this time, Zhao Hai was killing his way to the entrance of the sword carriage . The carriage door was currently closed . Zhao Hai carefully inspected the door and discovered that it actually slides open . Zhao Hai pulled his blood ghost staff out and transformed it into a sword . He slid the sword to the opening of the door and slowly made it expand . Before long, the sword carriage door slowly opened up .

And just as the door slid open, a sword light suddenly came towards Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai didn’t move his body as he crystallized himself, allowing the sword light to hit his face .

Clang! The sword was repelled . Zhao Hai looked at the carriage and saw that a maid was the one who attacked him . The maid was looking at Zhao Hai with complete shock .





Clang! The sword was repelled . Zhao Hai looked at the carriage and saw that a maid was the one who attacked him . The maid was looking at Zhao Hai with complete shock .

Zhao Hai also found out that the maid wasn’t too high level, only 9th rank . Such strength simply cannot pose a threat to him . Zhao Hai looked at the maid before his body flashed inside the sword carriage . The inside of the carriage wasn’t small . And unlike the Great Demon King’s carriage, the decoration inside the sword carriage was very luxurious .

Inside the sword carriage were the several maids, all had swords on their hands as they looked fearfully at Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai gave a faint smile as he waved his hand, making undead appear . These undead knocked the maids out and brought all of them into the Space .

At this point, there was only one person other than Zhao Hai left inside the carriage, it was the Third Prince . The prideful and high-spirited Third Prince can no longer be found . Instead, a dull and pale faced youth was present .

Zhao Hai looked at the Third Prince and wondered whether he could take the Third Prince to the Space . Who would’ve thought that Zhao Hai would actually succeed . The Third Prince didn’t even make a single move to resist, his transfer to the Space went smoothly as can be .

Zhao Hai knew that the Space couldn’t just absorb any intelligent life . Someone with intelligence needed to be willing in order to be taken into the Space . If the person resisted, then the Space couldn’t take him .

It seems like the Third Prince had completely lost his mind . There seems to be no thought of resisting present in his brain . This was out of Zhao Hai’s expectation .

However, this wasn’t the time for Zhao Hai to wonder about this . Zhao Hai proceeded to inspect the sword chariot . This sword chariot was a Domain Weapon, it would be a pity if it remained unused . Zhao Hai waved his hand and took the Domain Weapon into the Space .

Zhao Hai wanted to see if the Space had anything to say about the sword carriage . If it did, then that would be great . If it didn’t, then it wouldn’t be a big deal if Zhao Hai couldn’t use it .





Zhao Hai wanted to see if the Space had anything to say about the sword carriage . If it did, then that would be great . If it didn’t, then it wouldn’t be a big deal if Zhao Hai couldn’t use it .

The sword carriage didn’t disappoint Zhao Hai . As it entered the Space, a prompt quickly came, “Exotic item detected . Weapon suitable for energy transmission . Low Grade . Host can use item with his Domain . After establishing a Domain and turning it into Human shape, then the weapon can be used immediately . ” Zhao Hai stared, but he immediately took the sword carriage out as he established his Domain . Before long, a giant Zhao Hai appeared . Then that giant Zhao Hai held the sword carriage . The sword carriage lit up as its miscellaneous parts disappeared . At this time, a giant Zhao Hai holding a white sword can be seen . Every sweep of this white sword killed batches of Divine Race soldiers .

Thunder Yun paled upon seeing Zhao Hai wield the sword carriage . Thunder Yun already knew that they were finished . God-ranks with Domain Weapons were terrifying people, they were on the border to being invincible Only another person with a Domain Weapon could take them on . Otherwise, people would just throw themselves to their deaths .

Thunder Yun knew that they were already done . However, he didn’t want Zhao Hai to have it easy . He was currently like a trapped beast that wanted to make one last attack .

Thunder Yun turned his head to the Thunder Clan people and ordered, “Prepare your thunder-strike! Target is Zhao Hai!” The Thunder Clan complied as they prepared their totems, went into their formation, and started to mutter their spells .

However, Thunder Yun soon found out that something wasn’t right . He had ruled the Thunder Clan for a long time, so he was very familiar with their various attacks . From the looks of it, the Thunder Clan were indeed using their divergent abilities . However, it wasn’t the lightning-strike that Thunder Yun asked for!

As Thunder Yun was puzzled, a network of thunder and lightning started to form . Thunder Yun gawked, he immediately berated the Thunder Clan . however, it was too late . The Thunder Clan immediately unleashed their attack . But instead of Zhao Hai, their target were the defending Divine Race soldiers!

Right, the one they attacked wasn’t Zhao Hai, but the Divine Race who were resisting his advance . These Divine Race soldiers didn’t expect the Thunder Clan would attack them . Nobody was even able to set up their defense as a large number of Divines were turned to ash by the blanket of lightning .

Thunder Yun saw this and his mind turned blank . At this time, Barbarians and Winged Pegasus soldiers appeared in the distance . Then the two armies went on and launched an attack on the Divine Race army .



Right, the one they attacked wasn’t Zhao Hai, but the Divine Race who were resisting his advance . These Divine Race soldiers didn’t expect the Thunder Clan would attack them . Nobody was even able to set up their defense as a large number of Divines were turned to ash by the blanket of lightning .

Thunder Yun saw this and his mind turned blank . At this time, Barbarians and Winged Pegasus soldiers appeared in the distance . Then the two armies went on and launched an attack on the Divine Race army .

Thunder Yun was dumbstruck by the sudden attacks . He looked at the Thunder Clan, the Barbarians, and the Winged Pegasus soldiers with a confused expression . He didn’t know what they were doing .

But at this moment, Thunder Yun suddenly discovered a peculiar figure among a team of Thunder Clan soldiers . This person’s stature was slightly smaller compared to his peers . Thunder Yun felt that this person was familiar . In the end he found out that this was none other than his personal bodyguard, the person he trusted the most, Fei’er!

After seeing Fei’er, blood rushed to Thunder Yun’s head . Thunder Yun understood that Fei’er had come back a long time ago, only waiting for this opportune moment to attack .

Thunder Yun’s guess wasn’t wrong . Fei’er indeed came back a long time ago and was truly waiting for this moment . Fei’er was supposed to head to the Marshal’s office and inquired about the situation . And once Fei’er came back, then Thunder Yun could resume his authority as the commander of the Divine Race army . If Fei’er stuck to his duty, then the Divine Race wouldn’t have been plunged into their current situation .

However, Fei’er didn’t do his job . He went to the Divine Realm but he actually contacted the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus races . After talking to the two races, he immediately returned to the Ark Continent and secretly rejoined the Thunder Clan army . He had the Thunder Clan secretly prepare and wait for the best moment to make a fatal attack on the Divine Race .

Thunder Yun’s bloodshot eyes looked at Fei’er as he shouted, “Fei’er, you dared betray me? Who gave you the courage!?”

Fei’er looked at Thunder Yun and replied, “Thunder Yun, I didn’t betray you . I wasn’t loyal to you in the first place . In the past, the Divine Race had slaughtered our race to seize the Thunder Continent . The Thunder Clan had always been waiting for an opportunity for revenge . I only came by your side to spy on the Divine Race . ” Thunder Yun at Fei’er and muttered, “So you didn’t really surrender…”



Chapter 824 – Attacked By Their Own Weapon.

Three waves of never ending javelins came flying out . Since each Demon threw javelins in each hand, each of them threw six javelins overall

The javelins thrown out by the Demons went farther than any average 9th rank, about 1,100 meters . However, this 1,100 meters was too close for the 9th rank ferghana horse

As the matter stands, busting out three batches of attacks in that time frame would certainly need fast actions . But one could see that the javelins that were thrown this way had the largest effect on the enemy

While throwing the javelins, Zhao Hai didn’t decrease their speed as they went forward . Fortunately, those following Zhao Hai were the elites of the elite . Otherwise, Zhao Hai’s demands wouldn’t be met at all

After three rounds of attack, Zhao Hai and the others were already in front of the Divine Race army . Their javelins had blasted out an opening for them to penetrate through

It was needless to say but every time Zhao Hai waved his spear while he was on the black dragon carriage, a Divine Race Soldier would die . The Demon Dragon King beside him didn’t idle and also took his weapon out . His weapon was a sword and with the two acting as the tip of the arrow, the Demon Army went straight through the Divine Race army . At this point, the defending Divine Race thought that if Zhao Hai continues to go forward, then their army would be cut in half . When that time comes, then they would be subjected to more lethal attacks by the undead on the defensive line

Zhao Hai didn’t just attack randomly . His target was very clear, it was the sword carriage . Zhao Hai wanted to control the sword carriage more than anything else

The ten million Demon Army, with Zhao Hai as the tip, went straight towards the sword carriage . The sword carriage was originally surrounded by cavalry . But as the battle got intense, the cavalry soldiers also participated . At this time, the defensive power of the sword carriage had dropped

If there was a capable person inside the sword carriage, then everything would be fine . After all, the sword carriage itself was a Domain Weapon . However, the one sitting inside the sword carriage right now was the blank-headed Third Prince . Even if the sword carriage was a good weapon, it was completely useless if there’s nobody to wield it

At this time, Thunder Yun was commanding the battle on the frontlines . He wasn’t expecting Zhao Hai to suddenly attack them from behind them and go straight towards the sword carriage

Around Thunder Yun were about 100 thousand Thunder Clan people . Of those attacking the Accra Mountains, Thunder Yun trusted the Thunder Clan the most

When Zhao Hai’s attack came, Thunder Yun was stunned . And when he decided to react and return to block Zhao Hai, it was already too late . Zhao Hai was currently by the sword carriage, Thunder Yun simply couldn’t catch up

At this time, Zhao Hai was killing his way to the entrance of the sword carriage . The carriage door was currently closed . Zhao Hai carefully inspected the door and discovered that it actually slides open . Zhao Hai pulled his blood ghost staff out and transformed it into a sword . He slid the sword to the opening of the door and slowly made it expand . Before long, the sword carriage door slowly opened up

And just as the door slid open, a sword light suddenly came towards Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai didn’t move his body as he crystallized himself, allowing the sword light to hit his face

Clang! The sword was repelled . Zhao Hai looked at the carriage and saw that a maid was the one who attacked him . The maid was looking at Zhao Hai with complete shock

Zhao Hai also found out that the maid wasn’t too high level, only 9th rank . Such strength simply cannot pose a threat to him . Zhao Hai looked at the maid before his body flashed inside the sword carriage . The inside of the carriage wasn’t small . And unlike the Great Demon King’s carriage, the decoration inside the sword carriage was very luxurious

Inside the sword carriage were the several maids, all had swords on their hands as they looked fearfully at Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai gave a faint smile as he waved his hand, making undead appear . These undead knocked the maids out and brought all of them into the Space

At this point, there was only one person other than Zhao Hai left inside the carriage, it was the Third Prince . The prideful and high-spirited Third Prince can no longer be found . Instead, a dull and pale faced youth was present

Zhao Hai looked at the Third Prince and wondered whether he could take the Third Prince to the Space . Who would’ve thought that Zhao Hai would actually succeed . The Third Prince didn’t even make a single move to resist, his transfer to the Space went smoothly as can be

Zhao Hai knew that the Space couldn’t just absorb any intelligent life . Someone with intelligence needed to be willing in order to be taken into the Space . If the person resisted, then the Space couldn’t take him

It seems like the Third Prince had completely lost his mind . There seems to be no thought of resisting present in his brain . This was out of Zhao Hai’s expectation

However, this wasn’t the time for Zhao Hai to wonder about this . Zhao Hai proceeded to inspect the sword chariot . This sword chariot was a Domain Weapon, it would be a pity if it remained unused . Zhao Hai waved his hand and took the Domain Weapon into the Space

Zhao Hai wanted to see if the Space had anything to say about the sword carriage . If it did, then that would be great . If it didn’t, then it wouldn’t be a big deal if Zhao Hai couldn’t use it

The sword carriage didn’t disappoint Zhao Hai . As it entered the Space, a prompt quickly came, “Exotic item detected . Weapon suitable for energy transmission . Low Grade . Host can use item with his Domain . After establishing a Domain and turning it into Human shape, then the weapon can be used immediately . ” Zhao Hai stared, but he immediately took the sword carriage out as he established his Domain . Before long, a giant Zhao Hai appeared . Then that giant Zhao Hai held the sword carriage . The sword carriage lit up as its miscellaneous parts disappeared . At this time, a giant Zhao Hai holding a white sword can be seen . Every sweep of this white sword killed batches of Divine Race soldiers

Thunder Yun paled upon seeing Zhao Hai wield the sword carriage . Thunder Yun already knew that they were finished . God-ranks with Domain Weapons were terrifying people, they were on the border to being invincible Only another person with a Domain Weapon could take them on . Otherwise, people would just throw themselves to their deaths

Thunder Yun knew that they were already done . However, he didn’t want Zhao Hai to have it easy . He was currently like a trapped beast that wanted to make one last attack

Thunder Yun turned his head to the Thunder Clan people and ordered, “Prepare your thunder-strike! Target is Zhao Hai!” The Thunder Clan complied as they prepared their totems, went into their formation, and started to mutter their spells

However, Thunder Yun soon found out that something wasn’t right . He had ruled the Thunder Clan for a long time, so he was very familiar with their various attacks . From the looks of it, the Thunder Clan were indeed using their divergent abilities . However, it wasn’t the lightning-strike that Thunder Yun asked for!.

As Thunder Yun was puzzled, a network of thunder and lightning started to form . Thunder Yun gawked, he immediately berated the Thunder Clan . however, it was too late . The Thunder Clan immediately unleashed their attack . But instead of Zhao Hai, their target were the defending Divine Race soldiers!.

Right, the one they attacked wasn’t Zhao Hai, but the Divine Race who were resisting his advance . These Divine Race soldiers didn’t expect the Thunder Clan would attack them . Nobody was even able to set up their defense as a large number of Divines were turned to ash by the blanket of lightning

Thunder Yun saw this and his mind turned blank . At this time, Barbarians and Winged Pegasus soldiers appeared in the distance . Then the two armies went on and launched an attack on the Divine Race army

Thunder Yun was dumbstruck by the sudden attacks . He looked at the Thunder Clan, the Barbarians, and the Winged Pegasus soldiers with a confused expression . He didn’t know what they were doing

But at this moment, Thunder Yun suddenly discovered a peculiar figure among a team of Thunder Clan soldiers . This person’s stature was slightly smaller compared to his peers . Thunder Yun felt that this person was familiar . In the end he found out that this was none other than his personal bodyguard, the person he trusted the most, Fei’er!.

After seeing Fei’er, blood rushed to Thunder Yun’s head . Thunder Yun understood that Fei’er had come back a long time ago, only waiting for this opportune moment to attack

Thunder Yun’s guess wasn’t wrong . Fei’er indeed came back a long time ago and was truly waiting for this moment . Fei’er was supposed to head to the Marshal’s office and inquired about the situation . And once Fei’er came back, then Thunder Yun could resume his authority as the commander of the Divine Race army . If Fei’er stuck to his duty, then the Divine Race wouldn’t have been plunged into their current situation

However, Fei’er didn’t do his job . He went to the Divine Realm but he actually contacted the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus races . After talking to the two races, he immediately returned to the Ark Continent and secretly rejoined the Thunder Clan army . He had the Thunder Clan secretly prepare and wait for the best moment to make a fatal attack on the Divine Race

Thunder Yun’s bloodshot eyes looked at Fei’er as he shouted, “Fei’er, you dared betray me? Who gave you the courage!?”.

Fei’er looked at Thunder Yun and replied, “Thunder Yun, I didn’t betray you . I wasn’t loyal to you in the first place . In the past, the Divine Race had slaughtered our race to seize the Thunder Continent . The Thunder Clan had always been waiting for an opportunity for revenge . I only came by your side to spy on the Divine Race . ” Thunder Yun at Fei’er and muttered, “So you didn’t really surrender…”.





* * *

Chapter 825 – Discussing A Cooperation

Fei’er’s voice turned cold as he said, “Correct . My Thunder Clan and your Divine Race has a very deep enmity, so how can we just become loyal to you? This time, I also rallied the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to move together with my Thunder Clan to rebel against the Divine Race!”

Thunder Yun, with blood red eyes, berated, “What gall! Aren’t you afraid of the Divine Race completely eradicating you race?”

Fei’er smiled faintly and then pointed at the enlarged version of Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai gave us courage . Although he isn’t that strong, but with our three races, we should be able to deal with you Divines . ”

Thunder Yun gawked, then he turned his head to the rampaging Zhao Hai . For a while Thunder Yun didn’t know how to retort . Zhao Hai’s attacks were very damaging to the Divine Race .

However, it didn’t take a long time before Thunder Yun looked at Fei’er and said, “Why would the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus ally themselves with Zhao Hai? Zhao Hai has killed no small amount of their people . ”

Fei’er sneered, “The Divine Race killed more of their people compared to Zhao Hai . Moreover, since Zhao Hai killed their members, that also demonstrated his strength . And did you forget? To the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus Clans, becoming undead isn’t a bad thing . For them, it’s just another form of being alive . Although they will not volunteer to become undead, they would still regard undead as another alive person . ” Thunder Yun stared, then his expression became ugly to behold . The belief of the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus Races was very strange . Just like Fei’er said, becoming undead wasn’t a disgraceful thing to them, it was just another form of a person . Because of this, Zhao Hai turning their clan members into undead didn’t offend the two races .





Fei’er knew this point, therefore he invited the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people into an alliance . In the past, Zhao Hai thought that using the undead Barbarians and Winged Pegasus would cause the two races to hate him . But in the end, the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people hated the Divine Race more than him . Additionally, Zhao Hai didn’t heavily attack the two armies during the war . One could say that the hatred those two held for Zhao Hai was very small .

Zhao Hai didn’t know that the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus had such traditions . Because of this, he didn’t use the undead he gained from eradicating the two armies from before . This caused him to lack manpower .

Thunder Yun looked at Fei’er . At this time, Fei’er didn’t have his docile appearance . The current Fei’er was now fully expressing his hatred towards the Divine Race . This wasn’t something that Thunder Yun had seen before .

There’s no need for Fei’er to say anything else, however, he couldn’t help but look at Thunder Yun and said, “You Divines had always killed your way into every place you came into . But who would’ve thought that you would stumble in the Ark Continent? Hahaha . I didn’t expect this opportunity to come this soon . I have to be impolite, my master . Everyone! Kill!”

The Thunder Clan people immediately launched an all out attack against the Divine Race . They controlled their net of lightning to sweep the surrounding Divine Race soldiers . The situation on the battlefield turned into the Divine Race versus the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, Thunder Clan, Undead, and Demons . At this point, the Divine Race was left with nothing to do but resist .

Zhao Hai saw this and removed his Domain . Then he regained the Sword Carriage form as he sat inside to look at the battlefield .

The Divine Race soldiers already knew that they had no hope of winning today . However, the Divine Race still pushed on, nobody surrendered . They were going all out in resisting the attackers . There were some people who stayed and fought and there were also people intending to break through the encirclement and head towards the Radiant Empire .

From the very beginning, the battle had always leaned on one side . With the pressures that was brought by battling against the Accra Mountains, the soldiers were still exhausted despite their method of taking rests . At this time, their fighting strength was completely far from their original . With them being assaulted by these many groups, how could it be possible for them to block?





From the very beginning, the battle had always leaned on one side . With the pressures that was brought by battling against the Accra Mountains, the soldiers were still exhausted despite their method of taking rests . At this time, their fighting strength was completely far from their original . With them being assaulted by these many groups, how could it be possible for them to block?

The fight started from the day and went on to the night . When it was finished, all of the Divine Race soldiers were eliminated . The total number of undead that Zhao Hai gained reached about 30 million . However, there were still people who managed to run away . After all, the groups didn’t discuss their plan to kill the Divine Race . This left them with problems when it came to the encirclement .

The fight had ended, but the current situation was now strange . The Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and Thunder Clan people were grouped up as they stared at the undead army and the Demons . In the fight, the Barbarians and the others had discovered how strong the Demons and the Undead were . And after seeing Zhao Hai wield the Domain Weapon, they couldn’t help but have their guard against him .

At this time, Zhao Hai had the sword chariot go in between the two groups before receiving it to the Space . Then Zhao Hai flew to the three allied races . At the same time, Fei’er, along with two representatives from the other two races, also flew forward . When the two parties were fifty meters apart, they stopped and stood in place .

Zhao Hai looked at the three people opposite him and then smiled, “Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and Winged Pegasus friends . Let this Zhao Hai thank you for the help . ”

Fei’er inspected Zhao Hai . This was the first time that he had seen this person . During the time when he accompanied Thunder Yun, Zhao Hai didn’t appear . Fei’er was only able to recognize Zhao Hai by the portrait that was circulated among the army .

Fei’er gave a salute to Zhao Hai and said, “I have seen mister Zhao Hai . We should be the ones to thank Mister for the help . If Mister wasn’t here, then it would be impossible for us to deal with the Divine Race . ”

Zhao Hai inspected Fei’er as well . He knew who Fei’er was . He saw him everytime Thunder Yun was seen on the Space’s monitor . Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Mine and your situation are the same . Nobody owes anyone anything . ”





Zhao Hai inspected Fei’er as well . He knew who Fei’er was . He saw him everytime Thunder Yun was seen on the Space’s monitor . Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Mine and your situation are the same . Nobody owes anyone anything . ”

At this time, the Barbarian representative opened his mouth, “Mister, we’ve heard from the Divine Race that you have turned our clansmen into undead . Is that true?” Zhao Hai looked at the Barbarian, he couldn’t deny it so he just nodded and said, “Yes . At that time we were enemies . So I treated them as such, there no need for me to hold back . ” The Barbarian looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, can you take our clansmen out? We want to see them . ”

Zhao Hai looked strangely at the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus . These two had their people turned into undead, but why were their expressions too calm?

However, he knew that it was useless to think of it at this time . He didn’t stall for a moment before he nodded and waved his hand . Before long, the undead Barbarians and Winged Pegasus appeared behind Zhao Hai . These people weren’t in their skeleton form, instead, they were in the zombie appearance . In any case, the Space’s zombies looked more pleasing to the eyes .

The Barbarians and Winged Pegasus looked at their undead brethren and nodded . They didn’t say anything more .

When Fei’er saw Zhao Hai’s confused expression, he explained, “Mister, please don’t be confused . The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus believe that being turned into undead is another form of survival . Because of this, they don’t hate Mister for turning their people into undead . ” Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think the two races would have this idea, it truly expanded Zhao Hai’s perspective . Zhao Hai gave a small bow to the two races and said, “At that time, this Zhao Hai didn’t know your plan so I regarded them as my enemies . Let me offer my apologies . ” Fei’er waved his hand and then asked, “Mister, do you have any plans? Are you going to defend the Ark Continent and drive the Divine Race away?”

Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “The Ark Continent is already hopeless . The Underworld creatures had already appeared . Defending the Ark Continent would be useless . Moreover, the Ark Continent has an unresolvable hatred with the Divine Race . Naturally, we won’t let that hatred go . I plan to attack the Divine Realm . ”

Fei’er gawked, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually attack the Divine Realm . He actually planned to convince Zhao Hai to do so, but it seems like that plan was already useless . Fei’er then replied, “That’s great . How about we discuss about cooperation?” Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er before he nodded and waved his hand, making the sword carriage reappear . Then he said, “I’ll have to invite you inside to discuss . Demon Dragon King, you come in as well . ” The Demon Dragon King standing behind Zhao Hai nodded and followed Zhao Hai to enter the sword carriage door .

Fei’er and the two others didn’t hesitate and followed as well . The Barbarian and Winged Pegasus representatives jumped down from their mount before entering the carriage .



Fei’er gawked, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually attack the Divine Realm . He actually planned to convince Zhao Hai to do so, but it seems like that plan was already useless . Fei’er then replied, “That’s great . How about we discuss about cooperation?” Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er before he nodded and waved his hand, making the sword carriage reappear . Then he said, “I’ll have to invite you inside to discuss . Demon Dragon King, you come in as well . ” The Demon Dragon King standing behind Zhao Hai nodded and followed Zhao Hai to enter the sword carriage door .

Fei’er and the two others didn’t hesitate and followed as well . The Barbarian and Winged Pegasus representatives jumped down from their mount before entering the carriage .

Although the sword carriage had gone through war, it wasn’t actually damaged . As the group entered the carriage, they discovered several women cleaning inside .

These women were no other than Laura and the others . Since Zhao Hai had taken the maids and the Third Prince away, there was now nobody who can maintain the place .

After the group entered the carriage, Zhao Hai immediately introduced Fei’er and the others to his wives . As a greeting, Laura and the others offered the visitors some drinks .

When the group settled down, Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “I am Zhao Hai . And I think you already knew him, but he is the Demon Dragon King, the representative of the Great Demon King . ” Then Demon Dragon introduced himself .

Fei’er nodded and said, “I am Thunder Clan’s Fei’er, Thunder Clan’s representative . ”

The Barbarian then said with his deep voice, “Barbarian Shan . ” Then the Winged Pegasus said, “Winged Pegasus Yue . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Since we already have made our introductions, can you tell me why you suddenly started to fight the Divine Race?”



Chapter 825 – Discussing A Cooperation.

Fei’er’s voice turned cold as he said, “Correct . My Thunder Clan and your Divine Race has a very deep enmity, so how can we just become loyal to you? This time, I also rallied the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to move together with my Thunder Clan to rebel against the Divine Race!”.

Thunder Yun, with blood red eyes, berated, “What gall! Aren’t you afraid of the Divine Race completely eradicating you race?”.

Fei’er smiled faintly and then pointed at the enlarged version of Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai gave us courage . Although he isn’t that strong, but with our three races, we should be able to deal with you Divines . ”.

Thunder Yun gawked, then he turned his head to the rampaging Zhao Hai . For a while Thunder Yun didn’t know how to retort . Zhao Hai’s attacks were very damaging to the Divine Race

However, it didn’t take a long time before Thunder Yun looked at Fei’er and said, “Why would the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus ally themselves with Zhao Hai? Zhao Hai has killed no small amount of their people . ”.

Fei’er sneered, “The Divine Race killed more of their people compared to Zhao Hai . Moreover, since Zhao Hai killed their members, that also demonstrated his strength . And did you forget? To the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus Clans, becoming undead isn’t a bad thing . For them, it’s just another form of being alive . Although they will not volunteer to become undead, they would still regard undead as another alive person . ” Thunder Yun stared, then his expression became ugly to behold . The belief of the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus Races was very strange . Just like Fei’er said, becoming undead wasn’t a disgraceful thing to them, it was just another form of a person . Because of this, Zhao Hai turning their clan members into undead didn’t offend the two races

Fei’er knew this point, therefore he invited the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people into an alliance . In the past, Zhao Hai thought that using the undead Barbarians and Winged Pegasus would cause the two races to hate him . But in the end, the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people hated the Divine Race more than him . Additionally, Zhao Hai didn’t heavily attack the two armies during the war . One could say that the hatred those two held for Zhao Hai was very small

Zhao Hai didn’t know that the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus had such traditions . Because of this, he didn’t use the undead he gained from eradicating the two armies from before . This caused him to lack manpower

Thunder Yun looked at Fei’er . At this time, Fei’er didn’t have his docile appearance . The current Fei’er was now fully expressing his hatred towards the Divine Race . This wasn’t something that Thunder Yun had seen before

There’s no need for Fei’er to say anything else, however, he couldn’t help but look at Thunder Yun and said, “You Divines had always killed your way into every place you came into . But who would’ve thought that you would stumble in the Ark Continent? Hahaha . I didn’t expect this opportunity to come this soon . I have to be impolite, my master . Everyone! Kill!”.

The Thunder Clan people immediately launched an all out attack against the Divine Race . They controlled their net of lightning to sweep the surrounding Divine Race soldiers . The situation on the battlefield turned into the Divine Race versus the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, Thunder Clan, Undead, and Demons . At this point, the Divine Race was left with nothing to do but resist

Zhao Hai saw this and removed his Domain . Then he regained the Sword Carriage form as he sat inside to look at the battlefield

The Divine Race soldiers already knew that they had no hope of winning today . However, the Divine Race still pushed on, nobody surrendered . They were going all out in resisting the attackers . There were some people who stayed and fought and there were also people intending to break through the encirclement and head towards the Radiant Empire

From the very beginning, the battle had always leaned on one side . With the pressures that was brought by battling against the Accra Mountains, the soldiers were still exhausted despite their method of taking rests . At this time, their fighting strength was completely far from their original . With them being assaulted by these many groups, how could it be possible for them to block?.

The fight started from the day and went on to the night . When it was finished, all of the Divine Race soldiers were eliminated . The total number of undead that Zhao Hai gained reached about 30 million . However, there were still people who managed to run away . After all, the groups didn’t discuss their plan to kill the Divine Race . This left them with problems when it came to the encirclement

The fight had ended, but the current situation was now strange . The Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and Thunder Clan people were grouped up as they stared at the undead army and the Demons . In the fight, the Barbarians and the others had discovered how strong the Demons and the Undead were . And after seeing Zhao Hai wield the Domain Weapon, they couldn’t help but have their guard against him

At this time, Zhao Hai had the sword chariot go in between the two groups before receiving it to the Space . Then Zhao Hai flew to the three allied races . At the same time, Fei’er, along with two representatives from the other two races, also flew forward . When the two parties were fifty meters apart, they stopped and stood in place

Zhao Hai looked at the three people opposite him and then smiled, “Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and Winged Pegasus friends . Let this Zhao Hai thank you for the help . ”.

Fei’er inspected Zhao Hai . This was the first time that he had seen this person . During the time when he accompanied Thunder Yun, Zhao Hai didn’t appear . Fei’er was only able to recognize Zhao Hai by the portrait that was circulated among the army

Fei’er gave a salute to Zhao Hai and said, “I have seen mister Zhao Hai . We should be the ones to thank Mister for the help . If Mister wasn’t here, then it would be impossible for us to deal with the Divine Race . ”.

Zhao Hai inspected Fei’er as well . He knew who Fei’er was . He saw him everytime Thunder Yun was seen on the Space’s monitor . Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Mine and your situation are the same . Nobody owes anyone anything . ”.

At this time, the Barbarian representative opened his mouth, “Mister, we’ve heard from the Divine Race that you have turned our clansmen into undead . Is that true?” Zhao Hai looked at the Barbarian, he couldn’t deny it so he just nodded and said, “Yes . At that time we were enemies . So I treated them as such, there no need for me to hold back . ” The Barbarian looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, can you take our clansmen out? We want to see them . ”.

Zhao Hai looked strangely at the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus . These two had their people turned into undead, but why were their expressions too calm?.

However, he knew that it was useless to think of it at this time . He didn’t stall for a moment before he nodded and waved his hand . Before long, the undead Barbarians and Winged Pegasus appeared behind Zhao Hai . These people weren’t in their skeleton form, instead, they were in the zombie appearance . In any case, the Space’s zombies looked more pleasing to the eyes

The Barbarians and Winged Pegasus looked at their undead brethren and nodded . They didn’t say anything more

When Fei’er saw Zhao Hai’s confused expression, he explained, “Mister, please don’t be confused . The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus believe that being turned into undead is another form of survival . Because of this, they don’t hate Mister for turning their people into undead . ” Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think the two races would have this idea, it truly expanded Zhao Hai’s perspective . Zhao Hai gave a small bow to the two races and said, “At that time, this Zhao Hai didn’t know your plan so I regarded them as my enemies . Let me offer my apologies . ” Fei’er waved his hand and then asked, “Mister, do you have any plans? Are you going to defend the Ark Continent and drive the Divine Race away?”.

Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “The Ark Continent is already hopeless . The Underworld creatures had already appeared . Defending the Ark Continent would be useless . Moreover, the Ark Continent has an unresolvable hatred with the Divine Race . Naturally, we won’t let that hatred go . I plan to attack the Divine Realm . ”.

Fei’er gawked, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually attack the Divine Realm . He actually planned to convince Zhao Hai to do so, but it seems like that plan was already useless . Fei’er then replied, “That’s great . How about we discuss about cooperation?” Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er before he nodded and waved his hand, making the sword carriage reappear . Then he said, “I’ll have to invite you inside to discuss . Demon Dragon King, you come in as well . ” The Demon Dragon King standing behind Zhao Hai nodded and followed Zhao Hai to enter the sword carriage door

Fei’er and the two others didn’t hesitate and followed as well . The Barbarian and Winged Pegasus representatives jumped down from their mount before entering the carriage

Although the sword carriage had gone through war, it wasn’t actually damaged . As the group entered the carriage, they discovered several women cleaning inside

These women were no other than Laura and the others . Since Zhao Hai had taken the maids and the Third Prince away, there was now nobody who can maintain the place

After the group entered the carriage, Zhao Hai immediately introduced Fei’er and the others to his wives . As a greeting, Laura and the others offered the visitors some drinks

When the group settled down, Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “I am Zhao Hai . And I think you already knew him, but he is the Demon Dragon King, the representative of the Great Demon King . ” Then Demon Dragon introduced himself

Fei’er nodded and said, “I am Thunder Clan’s Fei’er, Thunder Clan’s representative . ”.

The Barbarian then said with his deep voice, “Barbarian Shan . ” Then the Winged Pegasus said, “Winged Pegasus Yue . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Since we already have made our introductions, can you tell me why you suddenly started to fight the Divine Race?”.





* * *













  826: 826

Chapter 826 – Counter-attack Plan



Fei’er then said, “Ever since the Divine Race had conquered us, our races had been secretly accumulating strength . We were already prepared to deal with the Divine Race . However, the Divine Race is too strong . With our own strengths, we wouldn’t be able to overthrow the Divine Race’s rule . So we still didn’t make our move . ”



Then Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “We initially didn’t think about cooperating with Mister . After all, Mister is from the Ark Continent . Everybody knew that the Ark Continent was a lower realm, incapable of making God-ranks . The one we wanted to cooperate with in the beginning was actually the Demon Race . ”



Zhao Hai and Demon Dragon King nodded, they could understand Fei’er’s decision . Just as Fei’er said, the strength of the Ark Continent is just too low, they didn’t even have a single God-rank expert . However, who would’ve thought that a monster like Zhao Hai would appear .





The Demon Dragon King looked at Fei’er and said, “But how come you knew about the Demons? We don’t know about you . ”



Fei’er replied, “From the Divine Race . The Divine Race hated the Ark Continent, however it was not easy to deal with the continent since it doesn’t allow the entry of God-ranks . Since the continent also had 9th ranks and it would be very expensive for the Divine Race to send their own 9th ranks, the Divine Race decided on using a magical formation to change the laws of the Ark Continent before coming in and eliminating the continent’s people . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, he was already aware of this point . Then Fei’er continued, “However, this magic formation isn’t easy to set up . It’s possible that the Divine Race had already acquired this formation a long time ago . However, since it needed a lot of blood sacrifices, the Divine Race had never used it . Nevertheless, the Divine Race still continued to amass information about the Ark Continent . It was from that information that we knew about the Demon . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded, it wasn’t surprising . In the past battle, the Demons also arrived . It would be completely normal for the Divine Race to know about the Demons .





Then Fei’er looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “From that information, we had inferred that the Demons were strong . At the very least, much stronger compared to the Ark Continent . Because of that, we decided to cooperate with the Demons in dealing with the Divine Race . We’re confident in this proposal because we knew how greedy the Divine Race could be . With their knowledge of the Demons, it would be impossible for them to not think about conquering the Demon Realm . They certainly wouldn’t let the opportunity to expand go . ”



Zhao Hai and the Demon Dragon King kept silent . They saw how the Divine Race does things . They were tyrannical and overbearing, they want each and every other plane to submit to them . What Fei’er assumed wasn’t at all strange .



Fei’er then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “But how could we imagine a powerful person like Mister to appear in the Ark Continent? You actually managed to block both the Demons and the Divine Race . To be honest, Mister’s strength made us very surprised . ”





Zhao Hai smiled faintly and kept silent . Zhao Hai was a little proud about his strength . Then Fei’er continued, “When the Third Prince arrived in the Ark Continent, our plan went on a positive turn . The Third Prince immediately relieved Thunder Yun of his authority, this made Thunder Yun restless . Thunder Yun immediately sent me to gather information about the Divine Realm’s state . However, I didn’t immediately go to the Divine Race there . I went to the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus camps and told them to conserve their strength and not fight with Mister too much . Then later on, after I arrived at the Divine Realm, I discovered that there was no problem at all . All of this fuss was needlessly caused by that idiotic Third Prince . He thought of himself as clever and decided to use this opportunity to flaunt his useless talent . ”



Zhao Hai and the Demon Dragon King were earnestly listening to Fei’er’s words . Upon hearing the last part, they looked confused . Fei’er saw their reaction and said, “I know the Third Prince . He didn’t have any good reputation in the Divine Realm aside from being favored by the King . He is not good in command and was someone who doesn’t receive criticism well . With him commanding the Divine Army only meant that they were not a match for Mister . This time, the Divine Race had sent around a third of its total army to the Ark Continent . If this army were to be eradicated, then it would be a huge damage to the Divine Race . Because of this, I made a secret visit to the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to tell them about helping you . With your army blocking the Divine Race, we can get into an alliance and clean the Divine Race out . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, just like Fei’er said, it was really a good opportunity to deal with the Divine Race . For the Divine Race to send a third of their army only meant that they really regarded this conquest with importance . Now that the army has been annihilated, the Divine Race should be suffering from huge damage .





Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, now is the weakest point of the Taurus Divines and the best opportunity to attack . While Mister leaves the Ark Continent, our races would also leave our respective planes . We’ll besiege the Taurus Divines together . I believe we could completely wipe them out . ”



Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er with his knitted eyebrows and said, “But you must know that the Taurus Divines aren’t the only Divines in the Divine Realm . Altogether, there are 13 continents . Aside from the three controlled by foreign races, the other are all controlled by the Divine Race . If we attack the Divine Realm, then it’s possible that it wouldn’t be the Taurus Divines we’ll be facing . It’s possible that the Divines from the other continents would also give reinforcement . We are already troubled by a third of a continent’s army, not to say ten continents . Can we really block this? Did you have plans to deal with it?”



Fei’er stared, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would already know about the state of the Divine Realm, he even knew about the 13 continents . However, this was still within Fei’er’s accepted range, so he nodded and said, “We’ve thought about it . Rest assured, the Divine Race isn’t as unified as it would seem . They also get into war with each other . If this wasn’t the case, the three foreign controlled continents wouldn’t have survived up until this point . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Please continue . ” Fei’er gave a nod, “If we talk about the strength of the Divine Race, then we need to start talking about the Divine Realm’s structure . Of the 13 continents of the Divine Realm, the one placed at the middle is called the central continent . Surrounding the central continent are five continents arranged in a star-like manner . These five continents are the Leo, Gemini, Scorpio, Capricorn, and Cancer continents . The other seven continents surrounded these five continents namely; the foreign controlled continents, Aries, Virgo, and Libra, and the other four continents, the Taurus, Aquarius, Pisces and Sagittarius continents . However, despite being ruled by the Divine Race, these four continents aren’t harmonious with each other . Because of this, its possible that they won’t send reinforcements if we come and attack the Taurus continent . ”





Zhao Hai knit his brows and then said, “It would be great if they don’t send troops . However, what do we do if they send reinforcements?”



Fei’er replied, “We have thought about this . Our Thunder Clan would send for the three foreign races to provide us with support . When that time comes, we shouldn’t be worrying about the other continents .



Zhao Hai was still frowning, “That wouldn’t be good . If we dealt with the Taurus Divines by ourselves, then the other Divines might not look too much into it . However, if the three foreign races were involved, then the situation would turn different . The Divine Race and the foreign races have always been enemies . If the foreign races send troops, then the other Divine would certainly do the same . When that time comes, the situation would be more difficult than imagined . ”



Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Fei’er couldn’t help but stare . Then his complexion changed as he lowered his head to think . What Zhao Hai said made sense . If they dealt with the Taurus Divines by themselves, then the other Divines might not look at it as significant . In any case, the other continents didn’t like the Taurus Divines . But if the Taurus Divines were to be attacked by the foreign races, then the other continents would find an excuse to send their troops . After all, that would essentially be an open invitation to conquer the Taurus continent .



Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “We need to deal with the Divine Race without the help of the three races . Once we take control of the Taurus continent and have a stable foothold in the Divine Realm, contacting the three races wouldn’t be a big deal . Moreover, don’t forget that I can make undead out of those we killed . The more we kill, the stronger my army would be . When the time comes, my undead would have the same strength as the entire Taurus continent’s military strength . In addition to your races, we should be able to take firm control of the continent . ”



Fei’er nodded, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What Mister said is right . It seems like we thought too simply about this matter . Alright, we’ll go according to Mister’s plan . We will not contact the three races . However, this also means that the pressure on us would be greater, Mister should be prepared . ”



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh and said, “I already expected this before . And now that I have your cooperation, our pressure should be lighter . The Ark Continent already has everything settled along with the Demons . The problem is with your three races . If your people are unable to endure, then it would be great for your race . ”





Fei’er had a serious expression as he replied, “There’s no need for Mister to be worried about this . We are safely settled . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good . However, the date of our action needs to be pushed back . I still have things to deal within the Demon Realm . After I’m done, we can begin our move . What do you think?”



Fei’er knit his brows and said, “Do we need to wait for long? We should start the early . Although we had practically wiped out the Divine Race army here, there were still some people who managed to escape . They would surely go back to the Taurus continent and report everything, allowing the Taurus Divines time to prepare . Perhaps they might even withdraw their troops from the Ark Continent and deal with our three races . That wouldn’t be good for us . ”



Zhao Hai thought for a moment and then said, “We can still attack the Divine Race as usual, but I just have things to deal with myself . I won’t take long, just a few days . However, I can send the undead and the Demon Army to help you deal with the Divine Race in the Radiant Kingdom . What do you think?”



Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So essentially, Mister would be the only one not present?”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, only me . And I would only take a few days, I can finish this matter very quickly . I will come back as soon as I’m done . In the meantime, the undead and the Demon Army will accompany you . ”



Fei’er nodded, “But Mister still needs to return quickly . You’re the only one who has a Domain Weapon on our side . On the other hand, the Divine Race had quite a number of Domain Weapons . Without you, we won’t be able to deal with the Divine Race army that easily . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll return as soon as possible . When are you planning to attack the Radiant Empire? ”



Fei’er thought for a moment before he said, “We just passed through a battle, the army needs to recuperate . I think we need two days before we can attack the Radiant Empire . ”





Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, but from what I can see, you can advance towards the Radiant Empire while you recuperate . This can save you a lot of time . Perhaps I’ll be finished with my matters after you arrive . ”



Fei’er nodded, “Alright, then we’ll start our trip now . However, I need to ask Mister for some help with supplies . In the past, our supplies were provided by the Divine Race . Now, we wouldn’t have anyone providing us with food . ”



Zhao Hai laughed and said, “That wouldn’t be a problem . Look for a big city along the way and rest there . I’ll be sending the supplies shortly . ”



Chapter 826 – Counter-attack Plan Fei’er then said, “Ever since the Divine Race had conquered us, our races had been secretly accumulating strength . We were already prepared to deal with the Divine Race . However, the Divine Race is too strong . With our own strengths, we wouldn’t be able to overthrow the Divine Race’s rule . So we still didn’t make our move . ” Then Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “We initially didn’t think about cooperating with Mister . After all, Mister is from the Ark Continent . Everybody knew that the Ark Continent was a lower realm, incapable of making God-ranks . The one we wanted to cooperate with in the beginning was actually the Demon Race . ” Zhao Hai and Demon Dragon King nodded, they could understand Fei’er’s decision . Just as Fei’er said, the strength of the Ark Continent is just too low, they didn’t even have a single God-rank expert . However, who would’ve thought that a monster like Zhao Hai would appear . The Demon Dragon King looked at Fei’er and said, “But how come you knew about the Demons? We don’t know about you . ” Fei’er replied, “From the Divine Race . The Divine Race hated the Ark Continent, however it was not easy to deal with the continent since it doesn’t allow the entry of God-ranks . Since the continent also had 9th ranks and it would be very expensive for the Divine Race to send their own 9th ranks, the Divine Race decided on using a magical formation to change the laws of the Ark Continent before coming in and eliminating the continent’s people . ” Zhao Hai nodded, he was already aware of this point . Then Fei’er continued, “However, this magic formation isn’t easy to set up . It’s possible that the Divine Race had already acquired this formation a long time ago . However, since it needed a lot of blood sacrifices, the Divine Race had never used it . Nevertheless, the Divine Race still continued to amass information about the Ark Continent . It was from that information that we knew about the Demon . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded, it wasn’t surprising . In the past battle, the Demons also arrived . It would be completely normal for the Divine Race to know about the Demons . Then Fei’er looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “From that information, we had inferred that the Demons were strong . At the very least, much stronger compared to the Ark Continent . Because of that, we decided to cooperate with the Demons in dealing with the Divine Race . We’re confident in this proposal because we knew how greedy the Divine Race could be . With their knowledge of the Demons, it would be impossible for them to not think about conquering the Demon Realm . They certainly wouldn’t let the opportunity to expand go . ” Zhao Hai and the Demon Dragon King kept silent . They saw how the Divine Race does things . They were tyrannical and overbearing, they want each and every other plane to submit to them . What Fei’er assumed wasn’t at all strange . Fei’er then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “But how could we imagine a powerful person like Mister to appear in the Ark Continent? You actually managed to block both the Demons and the Divine Race . To be honest, Mister’s strength made us very surprised . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and kept silent . Zhao Hai was a little proud about his strength . Then Fei’er continued, “When the Third Prince arrived in the Ark Continent, our plan went on a positive turn . The Third Prince immediately relieved Thunder Yun of his authority, this made Thunder Yun restless . Thunder Yun immediately sent me to gather information about the Divine Realm’s state . However, I didn’t immediately go to the Divine Race there . I went to the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus camps and told them to conserve their strength and not fight with Mister too much . Then later on, after I arrived at the Divine Realm, I discovered that there was no problem at all . All of this fuss was needlessly caused by that idiotic Third Prince . He thought of himself as clever and decided to use this opportunity to flaunt his useless talent . ” Zhao Hai and the Demon Dragon King were earnestly listening to Fei’er’s words . Upon hearing the last part, they looked confused . Fei’er saw their reaction and said, “I know the Third Prince . He didn’t have any good reputation in the Divine Realm aside from being favored by the King . He is not good in command and was someone who doesn’t receive criticism well . With him commanding the Divine Army only meant that they were not a match for Mister . This time, the Divine Race had sent around a third of its total army to the Ark Continent . If this army were to be eradicated, then it would be a huge damage to the Divine Race . Because of this, I made a secret visit to the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to tell them about helping you . With your army blocking the Divine Race, we can get into an alliance and clean the Divine Race out . ” Zhao Hai nodded, just like Fei’er said, it was really a good opportunity to deal with the Divine Race . For the Divine Race to send a third of their army only meant that they really regarded this conquest with importance . Now that the army has been annihilated, the Divine Race should be suffering from huge damage . Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, now is the weakest point of the Taurus Divines and the best opportunity to attack . While Mister leaves the Ark Continent, our races would also leave our respective planes . We’ll besiege the Taurus Divines together . I believe we could completely wipe them out . ” Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er with his knitted eyebrows and said, “But you must know that the Taurus Divines aren’t the only Divines in the Divine Realm . Altogether, there are 13 continents . Aside from the three controlled by foreign races, the other are all controlled by the Divine Race . If we attack the Divine Realm, then it’s possible that it wouldn’t be the Taurus Divines we’ll be facing . It’s possible that the Divines from the other continents would also give reinforcement . We are already troubled by a third of a continent’s army, not to say ten continents . Can we really block this? Did you have plans to deal with it?” Fei’er stared, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would already know about the state of the Divine Realm, he even knew about the 13 continents . However, this was still within Fei’er’s accepted range, so he nodded and said, “We’ve thought about it . Rest assured, the Divine Race isn’t as unified as it would seem . They also get into war with each other . If this wasn’t the case, the three foreign controlled continents wouldn’t have survived up until this point . ” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Please continue . ” Fei’er gave a nod, “If we talk about the strength of the Divine Race, then we need to start talking about the Divine Realm’s structure . Of the 13 continents of the Divine Realm, the one placed at the middle is called the central continent . Surrounding the central continent are five continents arranged in a star-like manner . These five continents are the Leo, Gemini, Scorpio, Capricorn, and Cancer continents . The other seven continents surrounded these five continents namely; the foreign controlled continents, Aries, Virgo, and Libra, and the other four continents, the Taurus, Aquarius, Pisces and Sagittarius continents . However, despite being ruled by the Divine Race, these four continents aren’t harmonious with each other . Because of this, its possible that they won’t send reinforcements if we come and attack the Taurus continent . ” Zhao Hai knit his brows and then said, “It would be great if they don’t send troops . However, what do we do if they send reinforcements?” Fei’er replied, “We have thought about this . Our Thunder Clan would send for the three foreign races to provide us with support . When that time comes, we shouldn’t be worrying about the other continents . Zhao Hai was still frowning, “That wouldn’t be good . If we dealt with the Taurus Divines by ourselves, then the other Divines might not look too much into it . However, if the three foreign races were involved, then the situation would turn different . The Divine Race and the foreign races have always been enemies . If the foreign races send troops, then the other Divine would certainly do the same . When that time comes, the situation would be more difficult than imagined . ” Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Fei’er couldn’t help but stare . Then his complexion changed as he lowered his head to think . What Zhao Hai said made sense . If they dealt with the Taurus Divines by themselves, then the other Divines might not look at it as significant . In any case, the other continents didn’t like the Taurus Divines . But if the Taurus Divines were to be attacked by the foreign races, then the other continents would find an excuse to send their troops . After all, that would essentially be an open invitation to conquer the Taurus continent . Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “We need to deal with the Divine Race without the help of the three races . Once we take control of the Taurus continent and have a stable foothold in the Divine Realm, contacting the three races wouldn’t be a big deal . Moreover, don’t forget that I can make undead out of those we killed . The more we kill, the stronger my army would be . When the time comes, my undead would have the same strength as the entire Taurus continent’s military strength . In addition to your races, we should be able to take firm control of the continent . ” Fei’er nodded, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What Mister said is right . It seems like we thought too simply about this matter . Alright, we’ll go according to Mister’s plan . We will not contact the three races . However, this also means that the pressure on us would be greater, Mister should be prepared . ” Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh and said, “I already expected this before . And now that I have your cooperation, our pressure should be lighter . The Ark Continent already has everything settled along with the Demons . The problem is with your three races . If your people are unable to endure, then it would be great for your race . ” Fei’er had a serious expression as he replied, “There’s no need for Mister to be worried about this . We are safely settled . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good . However, the date of our action needs to be pushed back . I still have things to deal within the Demon Realm . After I’m done, we can begin our move . What do you think?” Fei’er knit his brows and said, “Do we need to wait for long? We should start the early . Although we had practically wiped out the Divine Race army here, there were still some people who managed to escape . They would surely go back to the Taurus continent and report everything, allowing the Taurus Divines time to prepare . Perhaps they might even withdraw their troops from the Ark Continent and deal with our three races . That wouldn’t be good for us . ” Zhao Hai thought for a moment and then said, “We can still attack the Divine Race as usual, but I just have things to deal with myself . I won’t take long, just a few days . However, I can send the undead and the Demon Army to help you deal with the Divine Race in the Radiant Kingdom . What do you think?” Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So essentially, Mister would be the only one not present?” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, only me . And I would only take a few days, I can finish this matter very quickly . I will come back as soon as I’m done . In the meantime, the undead and the Demon Army will accompany you . ” Fei’er nodded, “But Mister still needs to return quickly . You’re the only one who has a Domain Weapon on our side . On the other hand, the Divine Race had quite a number of Domain Weapons . Without you, we won’t be able to deal with the Divine Race army that easily . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll return as soon as possible . When are you planning to attack the Radiant Empire? ” Fei’er thought for a moment before he said, “We just passed through a battle, the army needs to recuperate . I think we need two days before we can attack the Radiant Empire . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, but from what I can see, you can advance towards the Radiant Empire while you recuperate . This can save you a lot of time . Perhaps I’ll be finished with my matters after you arrive . ” Fei’er nodded, “Alright, then we’ll start our trip now . However, I need to ask Mister for some help with supplies . In the past, our supplies were provided by the Divine Race . Now, we wouldn’t have anyone providing us with food . ” Zhao Hai laughed and said, “That wouldn’t be a problem . Look for a big city along the way and rest there . I’ll be sending the supplies shortly . ”





* * *

Chapter 827 – Broadcasts?

Although Fei’er didn’t quite understand why Zhao Hai was so confident, he was sure of one thing, that Zhao Hai was very strong and that he wouldn’t make any jokes about important matters . Because of this, Fei’er just nodded and didn’t say anything else .

However, the Demon Dragon King knew why Zhao Hai can assure such a thing . Yesterday, they just entered the Space from Demon City, but now they came out of the Accra Mountains . Only a fool wouldn’t note that the Space can teleport people .

What moved the Demon Dragon King the most was Zhao Hai’s statement about the matter he needed to handle . Now that nobody was left in the Ark Continent, the only thing Zhao Hai needed to do was head to the Demon Realm and take the Demons to the Space .

Fei’er smiled at Zhao Hai and nodded, “Alright, then we’ll be depending on Mister from now on . Since Mister has something to process, we’ll say our farewells for now . We’ll rest for the night and then proceed towards the Radiant Empire tomorrow . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good . Right, I will also let the undead deliver you something . After all, you need to eat in order to have a good rest . ”

Fei’er was moved, he stood and gave Zhao Hai a bow, “Thank you Mister . Since we also need to settle our troops, then we’ll be taking our leave . ” Zhao Hai also stood up, he smiled at them and said, “There’s no need to be polite, aren’t we allies?” The three bowed to Zhao Hai once more before turning around to leave .





After waiting for Fei’er and the other two to leaves, Zhao Hai turned his head to the Demon Dragon King and said, “I’ll have to ask you to lead me to the Demon Realm . In the meantime, have the Demon Army enter the Space and recuperate . The most important thing for us right now is to take the other Demons to the Space . ”

The Demon Dragon King gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, “Thanks Mister . ”

Zhao Hai waved his hand an said, “Don’t be too polite, there’s no need for ranks between us . I’ve already ordered someone to take care of your food once you return . Have everyone take a good rest . Right, what are our casualties?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “From our tally, there are 544 thousand injured while about 650 thousand were killed . And since you requested it, they didn’t opt to explode themselves . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Although blowing themselves up causes huge damage, they won’t leave anything behind in the end . I want to pay respects to their sacrifice by burying them .

Zhao Hai still had his Chinese personality in him . Although he didn’t admire being buried in the earth, he still wanted to leave a body behind after he died . Even if he was cremated, that would still be good . At the very least, he didn’t want to only leave his clothes behind .

The Demon Dragon King shook his head and said, “Mister, if it’s possible, please turn the dead Demons into undead . It would be a great honor for them if you do that . Being buried in the ground would just turn them into a joke . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the Demons would have that custom . He frowned as he asked, “Won’t you explode yourselves before being defeated?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “If we are defeated, then we would blow ourselves up in order to die with the enemy . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then he said, “If I turn your people into undead, then you won’t get offended?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “We won’t . Mister can rest assured . Being able to fight after dying is a dream for a Demon . But since we don’t want to die under the hand of our enemy, we just blow ourselves up . Only when we have a formidable lich with us would we refrain from killing ourselves . ”





Zhao Hai stared, then he said, “If I turn your people into undead, then you won’t get offended?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “We won’t . Mister can rest assured . Being able to fight after dying is a dream for a Demon . But since we don’t want to die under the hand of our enemy, we just blow ourselves up . Only when we have a formidable lich with us would we refrain from killing ourselves . ”

Zhao Hai found that he was unable to make sense out of the Demon Dragon King’s words . In his mind, being turned into an undead was blasphemous to the body . But it seems like it was a good thing for the Demons . Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Alright, then I’ll be turning those killed into undead . I’ll leave it to you to arrange the Devil Legion . ” Then the Demon Dragon King nodded before he turned around and left .

Although the Demon Dragon King had already left, his words were still resonating inside Zhao Hai’s mind . At this time, the Space’s residents were getting more and more multiracial . There would be races whose customs and manners were unique to Zhao Hai . Since these people had their customs weaved into their society, Zhao Hai changing it would only cause dislike . Because of this, Zhao Hai needed to be sensitive to such matters and respect these peoples’ beliefs .

Although the Space can slowly transform a person’s thoughts and make them loyal to Zhao Hai, a process was still needed in order to do so . Moreover, Zhao Hai was afraid that if he were to gain their dislike then it would be very difficult to gain these people’s loyalty .

In fact, Zhao Hai didn’t guess wrongly . If he changed the customs of the Demons, then he would definitely earn their dislike . In that case, if the Space wishes to make them loyal to Zhao Hai, then it would take a very long time . A person needed to have good sentiment towards Zhao Hai in order to be influenced . But if that person was Zhao Hai’s enemy, then the Space would find it very difficult to change his mindset . The only quick way to do so was to turn that person into undead . ”

After the seeing that the Demon Dragon King had left, Laura and the others walked over and sat beside Zhao Hai . Laura then said, “Brother Hai, can we really stage an attack on the Divine Realm?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This would be the best opportunity to do that . If we give up, then we would be jeopardizing the plans painstakingly made by the Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and Winged Pegasus . In any case, having them on our side would make it easier to fight against the Divine Race . ”

Laura nodded and said, “I think this matter is going on too quick . With Fei’er and the others added to the mix, our plans seem to have been pushed forward . ”





Laura nodded and said, “I think this matter is going on too quick . With Fei’er and the others added to the mix, our plans seem to have been pushed forward . ”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Those fellows are crazy for revenge . It’s fine, we can still cooperate with them . After all, their fighting strength isn’t that weak . With our strength added, not to say the Taurus Divines, even if the other races sent their troops, it would be hard for them to eradicate us . ”

Laura smiled and said, “Your being too polite . They can’t destroy us at all, it’s basically impossible . Just you alone can turn the Divine Race into turmoil . Right, Brother Hai, what happened to those you captured? The Third Prince seems to have gotten retarded . ”

Zhao Hai knit his brows and said, “I had them placed on a small island near the Ark Space . There’s no need to provide them with food, the island should be enough to sustain them . Let them stay there for a while as they think about their current situation . ”

Laura didn’t comment anything more . After all, those people had zero ability to rebel . Also, there’s no reason for Zhao Hai to kill them . Moreover, the Third Prince had already turned stupid from the mental impact he just received . If the maids weren’t there to take care of him, then he would’ve already died of starvation . ”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Alright, let’s return to the Space and deal with post-war matters . Right, had the final battle been broadcasted?”

Laura knit her brows and said, “We didn’t . It’s because we were fighting alongside the Demons . What, do we have to show it?”

Zhao Hai thought for a short moment and said, “Show it . In any case, we can’t hide this matter . After showing the scene, tell the people that we have defeated the Divine Race and also subdued the Demons . ”

Laura frowned and said, “If we do it like that, then let’s have Cai’er broadcast the state of the Underworld as well . This way, people wouldn’t think that we were cheating them into living inside the Space . ”



Zhao Hai thought for a short moment and said, “Show it . In any case, we can’t hide this matter . After showing the scene, tell the people that we have defeated the Divine Race and also subdued the Demons . ”

Laura frowned and said, “If we do it like that, then let’s have Cai’er broadcast the state of the Underworld as well . This way, people wouldn’t think that we were cheating them into living inside the Space . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he understood why Laura proposed that action . The people had indeed transferred to the Ark Space, however, they still remember their life on the continent quite fondly . If they think that there’s no need to defend the Ark Continent, then they might develop some ideas . They might assume that Zhao Hai was exaggerating and just lured them into the Space . After all, Zhao Hai managed to smoothly eliminate the Divine Race while drawing the Demons on his side . If it was hard, then things wouldn’t have been that easy . ”

Zhao Hai returned to the Space and thought about his recent victory . Altogether, he had amassed 30 million undead Divine Race soldiers . Adding on his current undead, Zhao Hai now had about 70 million undead in his command .

Originally, Zhao Hai’s undead should be more than this . However, the Divine Race’s attacks were too fierce, some undead were forced to use blood lightning beads to blow themselves up . With this method, Zhao Hai would only have a net loss since all bodies would be vaporized by the explosion .

But in the end, Zhao Hai still managed to reap great harvests . This elevated Zhao Hai’s military strength . Don’t forget, a lot of God ranks were present in the army . This caused Zhao Hai to have more God-rank undead compared to before .

However, Zhao Hai held great regret for not capturing Thunder Yun and turning him into undead . This was because Thunder Yun received Fei’er and the Thunder Clan’s final attack, turning Thunder Yun straight into ash . In that state, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to turn him into undead .

Although he felt pity about this, Zhao Hai still had other matters to think about . He first went to the Space to prepare the food for Fei’er’s people . But since doing this would take a lot of time, Zhao Hai handed the matter over to Laura and the others . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai was currently inside the Demon Race’s background .



Chapter 827 – Broadcasts?.

Although Fei’er didn’t quite understand why Zhao Hai was so confident, he was sure of one thing, that Zhao Hai was very strong and that he wouldn’t make any jokes about important matters . Because of this, Fei’er just nodded and didn’t say anything else

However, the Demon Dragon King knew why Zhao Hai can assure such a thing . Yesterday, they just entered the Space from Demon City, but now they came out of the Accra Mountains . Only a fool wouldn’t note that the Space can teleport people

What moved the Demon Dragon King the most was Zhao Hai’s statement about the matter he needed to handle . Now that nobody was left in the Ark Continent, the only thing Zhao Hai needed to do was head to the Demon Realm and take the Demons to the Space

Fei’er smiled at Zhao Hai and nodded, “Alright, then we’ll be depending on Mister from now on . Since Mister has something to process, we’ll say our farewells for now . We’ll rest for the night and then proceed towards the Radiant Empire tomorrow . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good . Right, I will also let the undead deliver you something . After all, you need to eat in order to have a good rest . ”.

Fei’er was moved, he stood and gave Zhao Hai a bow, “Thank you Mister . Since we also need to settle our troops, then we’ll be taking our leave . ” Zhao Hai also stood up, he smiled at them and said, “There’s no need to be polite, aren’t we allies?” The three bowed to Zhao Hai once more before turning around to leave

After waiting for Fei’er and the other two to leaves, Zhao Hai turned his head to the Demon Dragon King and said, “I’ll have to ask you to lead me to the Demon Realm . In the meantime, have the Demon Army enter the Space and recuperate . The most important thing for us right now is to take the other Demons to the Space . ”.

The Demon Dragon King gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, “Thanks Mister . ”.

Zhao Hai waved his hand an said, “Don’t be too polite, there’s no need for ranks between us . I’ve already ordered someone to take care of your food once you return . Have everyone take a good rest . Right, what are our casualties?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “From our tally, there are 544 thousand injured while about 650 thousand were killed . And since you requested it, they didn’t opt to explode themselves . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded, “Although blowing themselves up causes huge damage, they won’t leave anything behind in the end . I want to pay respects to their sacrifice by burying them

Zhao Hai still had his Chinese personality in him . Although he didn’t admire being buried in the earth, he still wanted to leave a body behind after he died . Even if he was cremated, that would still be good . At the very least, he didn’t want to only leave his clothes behind

The Demon Dragon King shook his head and said, “Mister, if it’s possible, please turn the dead Demons into undead . It would be a great honor for them if you do that . Being buried in the ground would just turn them into a joke . ”.

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the Demons would have that custom . He frowned as he asked, “Won’t you explode yourselves before being defeated?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “If we are defeated, then we would blow ourselves up in order to die with the enemy . ”.

Zhao Hai stared, then he said, “If I turn your people into undead, then you won’t get offended?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “We won’t . Mister can rest assured . Being able to fight after dying is a dream for a Demon . But since we don’t want to die under the hand of our enemy, we just blow ourselves up . Only when we have a formidable lich with us would we refrain from killing ourselves . ”.

Zhao Hai found that he was unable to make sense out of the Demon Dragon King’s words . In his mind, being turned into an undead was blasphemous to the body . But it seems like it was a good thing for the Demons . Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Alright, then I’ll be turning those killed into undead . I’ll leave it to you to arrange the Devil Legion . ” Then the Demon Dragon King nodded before he turned around and left

Although the Demon Dragon King had already left, his words were still resonating inside Zhao Hai’s mind . At this time, the Space’s residents were getting more and more multiracial . There would be races whose customs and manners were unique to Zhao Hai . Since these people had their customs weaved into their society, Zhao Hai changing it would only cause dislike . Because of this, Zhao Hai needed to be sensitive to such matters and respect these peoples’ beliefs

Although the Space can slowly transform a person’s thoughts and make them loyal to Zhao Hai, a process was still needed in order to do so . Moreover, Zhao Hai was afraid that if he were to gain their dislike then it would be very difficult to gain these people’s loyalty

In fact, Zhao Hai didn’t guess wrongly . If he changed the customs of the Demons, then he would definitely earn their dislike . In that case, if the Space wishes to make them loyal to Zhao Hai, then it would take a very long time . A person needed to have good sentiment towards Zhao Hai in order to be influenced . But if that person was Zhao Hai’s enemy, then the Space would find it very difficult to change his mindset . The only quick way to do so was to turn that person into undead . ”.

After the seeing that the Demon Dragon King had left, Laura and the others walked over and sat beside Zhao Hai . Laura then said, “Brother Hai, can we really stage an attack on the Divine Realm?”.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This would be the best opportunity to do that . If we give up, then we would be jeopardizing the plans painstakingly made by the Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and Winged Pegasus . In any case, having them on our side would make it easier to fight against the Divine Race . ”.

Laura nodded and said, “I think this matter is going on too quick . With Fei’er and the others added to the mix, our plans seem to have been pushed forward . ”.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Those fellows are crazy for revenge . It’s fine, we can still cooperate with them . After all, their fighting strength isn’t that weak . With our strength added, not to say the Taurus Divines, even if the other races sent their troops, it would be hard for them to eradicate us . ”.

Laura smiled and said, “Your being too polite . They can’t destroy us at all, it’s basically impossible . Just you alone can turn the Divine Race into turmoil . Right, Brother Hai, what happened to those you captured? The Third Prince seems to have gotten retarded . ”.

Zhao Hai knit his brows and said, “I had them placed on a small island near the Ark Space . There’s no need to provide them with food, the island should be enough to sustain them . Let them stay there for a while as they think about their current situation . ”.

Laura didn’t comment anything more . After all, those people had zero ability to rebel . Also, there’s no reason for Zhao Hai to kill them . Moreover, the Third Prince had already turned stupid from the mental impact he just received . If the maids weren’t there to take care of him, then he would’ve already died of starvation . ”.

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Alright, let’s return to the Space and deal with post-war matters . Right, had the final battle been broadcasted?”.

Laura knit her brows and said, “We didn’t . It’s because we were fighting alongside the Demons . What, do we have to show it?”.

Zhao Hai thought for a short moment and said, “Show it . In any case, we can’t hide this matter . After showing the scene, tell the people that we have defeated the Divine Race and also subdued the Demons . ”.

Laura frowned and said, “If we do it like that, then let’s have Cai’er broadcast the state of the Underworld as well . This way, people wouldn’t think that we were cheating them into living inside the Space . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded, he understood why Laura proposed that action . The people had indeed transferred to the Ark Space, however, they still remember their life on the continent quite fondly . If they think that there’s no need to defend the Ark Continent, then they might develop some ideas . They might assume that Zhao Hai was exaggerating and just lured them into the Space . After all, Zhao Hai managed to smoothly eliminate the Divine Race while drawing the Demons on his side . If it was hard, then things wouldn’t have been that easy . ”.

Zhao Hai returned to the Space and thought about his recent victory . Altogether, he had amassed 30 million undead Divine Race soldiers . Adding on his current undead, Zhao Hai now had about 70 million undead in his command

Originally, Zhao Hai’s undead should be more than this . However, the Divine Race’s attacks were too fierce, some undead were forced to use blood lightning beads to blow themselves up . With this method, Zhao Hai would only have a net loss since all bodies would be vaporized by the explosion

But in the end, Zhao Hai still managed to reap great harvests . This elevated Zhao Hai’s military strength . Don’t forget, a lot of God ranks were present in the army . This caused Zhao Hai to have more God-rank undead compared to before

However, Zhao Hai held great regret for not capturing Thunder Yun and turning him into undead . This was because Thunder Yun received Fei’er and the Thunder Clan’s final attack, turning Thunder Yun straight into ash . In that state, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to turn him into undead

Although he felt pity about this, Zhao Hai still had other matters to think about . He first went to the Space to prepare the food for Fei’er’s people . But since doing this would take a lot of time, Zhao Hai handed the matter over to Laura and the others . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai was currently inside the Demon Race’s background





* * *

Chapter 828 – Choosing A Place

The Demon Dragon King brought the Demon Army back to the Space . Naturally, they wouldn’t do so in front of Fei’er and the others . Instead, Zhao Hai opened a rift right behind the Accra Mountains to make it seem like they entered the defensive line .

After entering the Space, the Demon Dragon King’s group immediately smelled something nice . The Demon Dragon King turned his head to see many large pots on top of fires boiling meat soup . The soup’s fragrance filled the entire place .

The Demon Dragon King gawked . At this time, Moqiao and Shidak arrived by the Demon Dragon King’s side . They gave a salute before Moqiao said, “Demon Dragon, we apologize . While you were fighting outside, we already ate first . These things are prepared for you . ” The Demon Dragon King looked at the large pots and smiled, “That’s a lot of meat . Did Mister send them to you?”

Shidak smiled as he nodded, “Mister sent it to us . Demon Dragon, aside from those Bread Fruits, there are also plenty of magic beasts . Those magic beasts aren’t strong, however, they reproduce very fast . They can certainly provide enough food for us . This Space is indeed very good . ”

The Demon Dragon King nodded, then he said, “This Space is naturally good . Otherwise, His Majesty wouldn’t have agreed to Mister Zhao Hai’s proposal . Once all of the Demons move here, we would enjoy blissful lives . ”

Moqiao agreed, then he said, “We’ve made a more thorough investigation of the Space . Everything inside is very good . It has green grass, clear waters, magic beasts, and even more bread fruits . Even if all the Demons make it here, there won’t be any shortage of food . With all of the things here, it would be impossible for us to become hungry . ”

The Demon Dragon King stayed silent, then he looked towards the Devil Legion and said, “Those wounded should get yourself treated . After that, you come out to eat before taking a good rest . We still have to fight in the next few days . ”





The soldiers from the Devil Legion complied as they turned around and got treated . Those who weren’t injured went to a riverbank and washed themselves and their garments .

In the Space, these people could fully relax themselves . They wouldn’t need to worry about being attacked . For the Devil Legion, this was a very rare experience .

The Devil Legion being killing gods wasn’t false . These people were battle maniacs and were constantly fighting everywhere . Because of their special state, their mindsets were cold and were always alert to their surroundings .

But in the Space, they had found themselves to feel strange . Here, besides their clansmen, there were no other enemies nor any strong magic beasts to threaten their existence .

Actually, they weren’t aware that the Space also had a slight healing effect . This healing also affected their battle addicted minds .

However, since the illness that the Devil Legion suffered was very serious, the healing would need a very long time before effects can be seen . Because of this, the Demon Dragon King didn’t particularly notice it . The Demon Dragon King also went towards the river to wash his face before going towards a pot close to him . He took a taste of the meat soup before turning to Moqiao and said, “Moqiao, your people are really good at this . The soup tastes very good . ”

Moqiao took a bread fruit and then said, “This is completely because of the materials Mister gave us . Moreover, in this Space, the pile of commodities didn’t only appear here . There were also piles on many other places . With this amount of supplied, we could fully re-establish our homes . ”

The Demon Dragon King took a bite of the bread fruit pulp and took a sip of the meat soup . After chewing for a moment, he said, “As I thought, Mister is quite thorough . Although we are presently united, it is still impossible for all Demons to live with each other . In the end, we would need to live in different places . Now that there are supplies in various places, our people would have their own place to choose from . Right, you still need to take charge of the people here . In two days, I will be bringing Mister with me to the Demon Realm . ”





The Demon Dragon King took a bite of the bread fruit pulp and took a sip of the meat soup . After chewing for a moment, he said, “As I thought, Mister is quite thorough . Although we are presently united, it is still impossible for all Demons to live with each other . In the end, we would need to live in different places . Now that there are supplies in various places, our people would have their own place to choose from . Right, you still need to take charge of the people here . In two days, I will be bringing Mister with me to the Demon Realm . ”

Moqiao nodded, then he said, “I have already sent people from different races out today and let them choose a place for their people . If they like it, then they can settle down . It would be much better for them if they get to know of their environment before the rest of their people come in . ”

The Demon Dragon King placed his soup bowl down, he knit his eyebrows and said, “Right, will this cause any conflict? What if two races decide to live in the same place?”

Moqiao smiled and said, “It will be fine, there won’t be any problems . In the Demon Realm, people only went to war with each other because there isn’t anything much in their own domains, so they wanted to claim a better place for themselves . However, things are different in the Space . Everywhere is abundant in resources . Moreover, there are also different strong points in each place . Take this place for example, this place has a lot of Bread Fruits, however there aren’t a lot of magic beasts here . On the other hand, places up in the north don’t have a lot of bread fruits but they are abundant in grass, allowing a lot of magic beasts to thrive . Everyone has their own customs, so they would naturally pick different places . ”

The Demon Dragon King nodded, then he let out a long sigh and said, “It seems like the Demons have found their dreamland . Right, in the next few days, Mister Zhao Hai will dispatch troops to make an attack on the Divine Realm .

Moqiao stared and said, “That fast?”

The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “It’s not that fast . Mister Zhao Hai is working with other people this time so he doesn’t need that much soldiers and we also won’t lose anything . ”

Moqiao smiled and said, “That isn’t what I’m worried about . I think Mister Zhao Hai is working too hard . Think about it, hasn’t he been idle every since we arrived in the Ark Continent? If he wasn’t fighting with us, then he would be fighting the Divine Race . And now that the Underworld had come, he became even more busy . ”

The Demon Dragon King replied, “How could he not be busy? After all, he is fighting for the Ark Continent . Now, he is faced with the three big races from the Divine Realm, the Thunder Clan, the Winged Pegasus Race, and the Barbarians . They wanted to attack the Divine Realm and pull Mister Zhao Hai in to participate . And don’t forget, Mister has a big enmity with the Divine Race . He certainly wouldn’t let this opportunity go . ”





The Demon Dragon King replied, “How could he not be busy? After all, he is fighting for the Ark Continent . Now, he is faced with the three big races from the Divine Realm, the Thunder Clan, the Winged Pegasus Race, and the Barbarians . They wanted to attack the Divine Realm and pull Mister Zhao Hai in to participate . And don’t forget, Mister has a big enmity with the Divine Race . He certainly wouldn’t let this opportunity go . ”

Moqiao nodded and didn’t speak anything more . The Demon Dragon King took a few munches of his food before he said, “His Majesty made the right decision to send the Devil Legion . Otherwise, we would have lost face for the Demon Race . There’s no need to say about how strong Mister’s undead were . And now there is the Thunder Clan, the Winged Pegasus, and the Barbarians, they’re more formidable than we thought . If we sent our other soldiers, then we wouldn’t have any face left to show Mister Zhao Hai . ” Moqiao smiled bitterly and said, “It seems like we have underestimated the Divine Realm . We thought that they were on our level, but now it seems like they are far stronger than us . ”

Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “That’s true . In the beginning, we thought that the Divines are our equal . As it turns out, those who came to the Ark Continent only belonged to one continent out of 13 continents in the Divine Realm . Among those 13 continents, three of them are controlled by foreign races while 10 of them remained under the control of the Divine Race . The ones attacking the Ark Continent is merely a branch of the Divine Race, the Taurus Divines . ”

Moqiao didn’t expect this, his complexion changed as he knit his brows and said, “Did Mister know about this?”

The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “He knows, and it seems like he had known for a long time . ”

Moqiao frowned, his brows became tighter as he said, “Mister is already aware of this yet he still wants to attack the Divine Realm? This is totally unlike his character . ”

The Demon Dragon King smiled faintly and told Moqiao the reason . After talking, the Demon Dragon King added, “Because of this, we need to have our people move as soon as possible . We can’t have them drag Mister for long . ”

Moqiao nodded and said, “So it was that . It’s surely a good opportunity . However, it would be impossible for Mister to take the entire Demon Race in a short period of time . ”

The Demon Dragon King shook his head and said, “It should be possible . I think Mister already has an idea on how to proceed . The Space is a mysterious thing, I don’t believe it would have no solutions . ”



Moqiao nodded and said, “So it was that . It’s surely a good opportunity . However, it would be impossible for Mister to take the entire Demon Race in a short period of time . ”

The Demon Dragon King shook his head and said, “It should be possible . I think Mister already has an idea on how to proceed . The Space is a mysterious thing, I don’t believe it would have no solutions . ”

Moqiao nodded, “Demon Dragon, have you sent a letter to his Majesty? At the very least he should know about the current situation . ”

The Demon Dragon King knit his brows and said, “I still don’t have a fast way to do so . ”

At this time, a voice suddenly sounded out, “What’s wrong? You want to send word to the Great Demon King?”

Both Moqiao and Demon Dragon turned their heads to see Zhao Hai standing behind . The two immediately gave Zhao Hai a salute before Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Be at ease . I came here since I saw some food . I haven’t eaten yet so I want to try some . Right, Demon Dragon, this is for you . You can use it to contact His Majesty at any time . ” Then Zhao Hai took a messenger fish and gave it to the Demon Dragon King .

The Demon Dragon King was also aware that Zhao Hai didn’t like too much politeness, so he received the messenger fish and thanked Zhao Hai before turning back . Then Zhao Hai took a bowl of meat soup for himself before he sat down and made conversation with Moqiao . Although Zhao Hai was being casual, Moqiao still felt pressure . After all, Zhao Hai was their benefactor, he couldn’t just act casually all of a sudden .

There are differences in one’s status no matter what each party says . People talking to their equals would naturally be more casual and might even develop friendship with each other . However, when one with superior status converses with average people, an intangible pressure can still be felt no matter how casual the superior person acts .



Chapter 828 – Choosing A Place.

The Demon Dragon King brought the Demon Army back to the Space . Naturally, they wouldn’t do so in front of Fei’er and the others . Instead, Zhao Hai opened a rift right behind the Accra Mountains to make it seem like they entered the defensive line

After entering the Space, the Demon Dragon King’s group immediately smelled something nice . The Demon Dragon King turned his head to see many large pots on top of fires boiling meat soup . The soup’s fragrance filled the entire place

The Demon Dragon King gawked . At this time, Moqiao and Shidak arrived by the Demon Dragon King’s side . They gave a salute before Moqiao said, “Demon Dragon, we apologize . While you were fighting outside, we already ate first . These things are prepared for you . ” The Demon Dragon King looked at the large pots and smiled, “That’s a lot of meat . Did Mister send them to you?”.

Shidak smiled as he nodded, “Mister sent it to us . Demon Dragon, aside from those Bread Fruits, there are also plenty of magic beasts . Those magic beasts aren’t strong, however, they reproduce very fast . They can certainly provide enough food for us . This Space is indeed very good . ”.

The Demon Dragon King nodded, then he said, “This Space is naturally good . Otherwise, His Majesty wouldn’t have agreed to Mister Zhao Hai’s proposal . Once all of the Demons move here, we would enjoy blissful lives . ”.

Moqiao agreed, then he said, “We’ve made a more thorough investigation of the Space . Everything inside is very good . It has green grass, clear waters, magic beasts, and even more bread fruits . Even if all the Demons make it here, there won’t be any shortage of food . With all of the things here, it would be impossible for us to become hungry . ”.

The Demon Dragon King stayed silent, then he looked towards the Devil Legion and said, “Those wounded should get yourself treated . After that, you come out to eat before taking a good rest . We still have to fight in the next few days . ”.

The soldiers from the Devil Legion complied as they turned around and got treated . Those who weren’t injured went to a riverbank and washed themselves and their garments

In the Space, these people could fully relax themselves . They wouldn’t need to worry about being attacked . For the Devil Legion, this was a very rare experience

The Devil Legion being killing gods wasn’t false . These people were battle maniacs and were constantly fighting everywhere . Because of their special state, their mindsets were cold and were always alert to their surroundings

But in the Space, they had found themselves to feel strange . Here, besides their clansmen, there were no other enemies nor any strong magic beasts to threaten their existence

Actually, they weren’t aware that the Space also had a slight healing effect . This healing also affected their battle addicted minds

However, since the illness that the Devil Legion suffered was very serious, the healing would need a very long time before effects can be seen . Because of this, the Demon Dragon King didn’t particularly notice it . The Demon Dragon King also went towards the river to wash his face before going towards a pot close to him . He took a taste of the meat soup before turning to Moqiao and said, “Moqiao, your people are really good at this . The soup tastes very good . ”.

Moqiao took a bread fruit and then said, “This is completely because of the materials Mister gave us . Moreover, in this Space, the pile of commodities didn’t only appear here . There were also piles on many other places . With this amount of supplied, we could fully re-establish our homes . ”.

The Demon Dragon King took a bite of the bread fruit pulp and took a sip of the meat soup . After chewing for a moment, he said, “As I thought, Mister is quite thorough . Although we are presently united, it is still impossible for all Demons to live with each other . In the end, we would need to live in different places . Now that there are supplies in various places, our people would have their own place to choose from . Right, you still need to take charge of the people here . In two days, I will be bringing Mister with me to the Demon Realm . ”.

Moqiao nodded, then he said, “I have already sent people from different races out today and let them choose a place for their people . If they like it, then they can settle down . It would be much better for them if they get to know of their environment before the rest of their people come in . ”.

The Demon Dragon King placed his soup bowl down, he knit his eyebrows and said, “Right, will this cause any conflict? What if two races decide to live in the same place?”.

Moqiao smiled and said, “It will be fine, there won’t be any problems . In the Demon Realm, people only went to war with each other because there isn’t anything much in their own domains, so they wanted to claim a better place for themselves . However, things are different in the Space . Everywhere is abundant in resources . Moreover, there are also different strong points in each place . Take this place for example, this place has a lot of Bread Fruits, however there aren’t a lot of magic beasts here . On the other hand, places up in the north don’t have a lot of bread fruits but they are abundant in grass, allowing a lot of magic beasts to thrive . Everyone has their own customs, so they would naturally pick different places . ”.

The Demon Dragon King nodded, then he let out a long sigh and said, “It seems like the Demons have found their dreamland . Right, in the next few days, Mister Zhao Hai will dispatch troops to make an attack on the Divine Realm

Moqiao stared and said, “That fast?”.

The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “It’s not that fast . Mister Zhao Hai is working with other people this time so he doesn’t need that much soldiers and we also won’t lose anything . ”.

Moqiao smiled and said, “That isn’t what I’m worried about . I think Mister Zhao Hai is working too hard . Think about it, hasn’t he been idle every since we arrived in the Ark Continent? If he wasn’t fighting with us, then he would be fighting the Divine Race . And now that the Underworld had come, he became even more busy . ”.

The Demon Dragon King replied, “How could he not be busy? After all, he is fighting for the Ark Continent . Now, he is faced with the three big races from the Divine Realm, the Thunder Clan, the Winged Pegasus Race, and the Barbarians . They wanted to attack the Divine Realm and pull Mister Zhao Hai in to participate . And don’t forget, Mister has a big enmity with the Divine Race . He certainly wouldn’t let this opportunity go . ”.

Moqiao nodded and didn’t speak anything more . The Demon Dragon King took a few munches of his food before he said, “His Majesty made the right decision to send the Devil Legion . Otherwise, we would have lost face for the Demon Race . There’s no need to say about how strong Mister’s undead were . And now there is the Thunder Clan, the Winged Pegasus, and the Barbarians, they’re more formidable than we thought . If we sent our other soldiers, then we wouldn’t have any face left to show Mister Zhao Hai . ” Moqiao smiled bitterly and said, “It seems like we have underestimated the Divine Realm . We thought that they were on our level, but now it seems like they are far stronger than us . ”.

Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “That’s true . In the beginning, we thought that the Divines are our equal . As it turns out, those who came to the Ark Continent only belonged to one continent out of 13 continents in the Divine Realm . Among those 13 continents, three of them are controlled by foreign races while 10 of them remained under the control of the Divine Race . The ones attacking the Ark Continent is merely a branch of the Divine Race, the Taurus Divines . ”.

Moqiao didn’t expect this, his complexion changed as he knit his brows and said, “Did Mister know about this?”.

The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “He knows, and it seems like he had known for a long time . ”.

Moqiao frowned, his brows became tighter as he said, “Mister is already aware of this yet he still wants to attack the Divine Realm? This is totally unlike his character . ”.

The Demon Dragon King smiled faintly and told Moqiao the reason . After talking, the Demon Dragon King added, “Because of this, we need to have our people move as soon as possible . We can’t have them drag Mister for long . ”.

Moqiao nodded and said, “So it was that . It’s surely a good opportunity . However, it would be impossible for Mister to take the entire Demon Race in a short period of time . ”.

The Demon Dragon King shook his head and said, “It should be possible . I think Mister already has an idea on how to proceed . The Space is a mysterious thing, I don’t believe it would have no solutions . ”.

Moqiao nodded, “Demon Dragon, have you sent a letter to his Majesty? At the very least he should know about the current situation . ”.

The Demon Dragon King knit his brows and said, “I still don’t have a fast way to do so . ”.

At this time, a voice suddenly sounded out, “What’s wrong? You want to send word to the Great Demon King?”.

Both Moqiao and Demon Dragon turned their heads to see Zhao Hai standing behind . The two immediately gave Zhao Hai a salute before Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Be at ease . I came here since I saw some food . I haven’t eaten yet so I want to try some . Right, Demon Dragon, this is for you . You can use it to contact His Majesty at any time . ” Then Zhao Hai took a messenger fish and gave it to the Demon Dragon King

The Demon Dragon King was also aware that Zhao Hai didn’t like too much politeness, so he received the messenger fish and thanked Zhao Hai before turning back . Then Zhao Hai took a bowl of meat soup for himself before he sat down and made conversation with Moqiao . Although Zhao Hai was being casual, Moqiao still felt pressure . After all, Zhao Hai was their benefactor, he couldn’t just act casually all of a sudden

There are differences in one’s status no matter what each party says . People talking to their equals would naturally be more casual and might even develop friendship with each other . However, when one with superior status converses with average people, an intangible pressure can still be felt no matter how casual the superior person acts





* * *

Chapter 829 – Environmental Awareness

Fei’er was currently sitting with his people, surrounding a heated metal pot . Their meal was the same as the Demons, meat soup and bread fruit . All these things have been sent earlier by the undead .

Although these things looked ordinary, Fei’er didn’t think so . Where was this? This was the frontline . There might not be any problems having pots in the frontlines . However, how could an army acquire fresh meat at a place like this? Moreover, it was nice and warm . Wasn’t this strange?

Additionally, Fei’er had a certain understanding of Zhao Hai in the past few days . He managed to block both the Demons and the Divine Race . And not only did he destroy the Divine Race army, he even got the Demons for himself .

To be honest, when Fei’er saw Zhao Hai leading the Demons to battle, his heart couldn’t help but stop .

The Demon Race, that was the Demon Race! Fei’er was planning to propose an alliance with the Demons before they deal with the Divine Race . In his opinion, the Demons had the strength to oppose the Divine Race . And now, that same Demon Race has actually been subdued by Zhao Hai . This was too inconceivable .

Fei’er can only use one sentence to describe Zhao Hai’s abilities, flipping the hand to gather clouds, and covering it to stop the rain . This was precisely because Zhao Hai had this ability that Fei’er decided to ask Zhao Hai for cooperation . He believed that with Zhao Hai’s abilities, then there won’t be any problems in dealing with the Divine Race .

Fei’er looked at the distant Barbarians and Winged Pegasus . In the past, these people haven’t even heard of each other . But now, they were all solid allies . They were one in their goal, and that was to no longer be under the control of the Divine Race .

Fei’er was aware that this goal wasn’t easy . He knew a lot about the Divine Race, so he knew how hard it was to escape from the Divine Race’s grasp . The Taurus Divines alone can exterminate the Barbarians, the Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan . But although the Taurus Divines had this ability, it still wasn’t the strongest continent in the Divine Realm . There were still stronger Divines, and any one of them can eliminate the Thunder Clan many times over .

Because of this, not only do they need to pay attention to the Taurus Divine, they also need to listen for the movements of the other continents . Even if they managed to deal with the Taurus Divines, the other continent could still attack and subdue them .

Because of this, Fei’er thought about having an alliance with different races . This would allow them to have a proper foothold in the Divine Realm and hopefully deter the other continents from sending reinforcements .





However, Zhao Hai had exposed a major flaw in this plan . If the three races got into an alliance, then they would definitely attract the attention of the other Divines . When the time comes, the Divines would send troops to exterminate the three races .

After thinking about this, Fei’er couldn’t help but break into a cold sweat . However, he still sent word back to the clan to have them prepare according to the original plan . This was done in the hopes that they would have enough time .

Because of this, he settled on inviting Zhao Hai . Fei’er thinks that cooperating with Zhao Hai was the best decision .

But in the end, Fei’er still needed to ascertain Zhao Hai’s ability . Although he wasn’t aware about what Zhao Hai needed to do in the next few days, Fei’er knew that it must be related to the Demons . Fei’er wanted to see how Zhao Hai delivers on his promise . If Zhao Hai does a good job, then Fei’er would fully cooperate with him . If Zhao Hai had problems in feeding them, then Fei’er would have reservations in their cooperation .

Although Fei’er’s status wasn’t the member with the highest status in the Thunder Clan, he is after all the person next in line to be the leader . Actually, this status was brought about by Thunder Yun . With the loyal Fei’er acting as the leader of the Thunder Clan, Thunder Yun would have more power over them .

Unfortunately for Thunder Yun, Fei’er was an actual bomb placed beside him . Fei’er was truly the person next to be the Patriarch . When Thunder Yun administered the position, the Thunder Clan immediately agreed . This turned the Thunder Clan into obedient people in front of Thunder Yun . This caused Thunder Yun to have the Thunder Clan as his personal guards .

Fei’er being the next in line to be patriarch wasn’t because of his strength . Instead, it was because Fei’er was intelligent . Because of this, the Thunder Clan sent him to be by Thunder Yun’s side .

It was precisely because of this status that Fei’er still had some pull in the Thunder Clan . Otherwise, the Thunder Clan wouldn’t have agreed to cooperating with Zhao Hai .

At this time, the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus people also have their own thoughts . Although they have a custom of thinking of their undead brethren to be the same as alive, they were still a bit angry at Zhao Hai . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have sent their elites to the Ark Continent .

However, this small hatred wouldn’t hinder their cooperation with Zhao Hai . The current matters was more important than past grudges . Most importantly, their hatred for the Divine Race completely dwarfs Zhao Hai’s action .

Zhao Hai didn’t know about any of these . After spending some time with the Demons, Zhao Hai returned to his villa and looked at the monitor . At this time, the Thunder Clan and the others were resting . Zhao Hai closed the monitor and then looked for Laura and the others only to find out that they were busy as well .

Presently, the Space had a lot of commodities . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of supplying the Demons as well as the Thunder Clan and the others . After all, if this can move their hearts, then why not?





Presently, the Space had a lot of commodities . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of supplying the Demons as well as the Thunder Clan and the others . After all, if this can move their hearts, then why not?

The matters that Laura and the others were busy with weren’t a lot . They just need to send supplies to the Demons and the others, they didn’t need to worry about the Divine Race .

After seeing that Laura and the others were almost done, Zhao Hai turned around and headed to the kitchen to prepare some food .

Zhao Hai hadn’t gone in the kitchen for a long time . Back on earth . Zhao Hai was a greedy eater . Not only did he like to eat, he loved to cook as well .

At that time, his job was at home writing drafts . This gave him a lot of free time . In order to relax himself, he would cook . This allowed his cooking skill to be good . Naturally, he couldn’t compare with those great chefs, but even so, his home cooking was still acceptable .

After he finished cooking, Laura and the others were also done with their work . When they saw that Zhao Hai had prepared food for them, they were startled . Zhao Hai looked at their reactions and then smiled, “Alright, no need to be shocked . Come over and eat . ”

Laura and the others immediately went to washed their hands before sitting on the table . Although Zhao Hai’s dishes weren’t as delicious as Meg’s, they were still quite good .

After seeing their faces, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly . He always thought that he had been unfair to his wives . Fortunately, they didn’t blame Zhao Hai . Otherwise, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have known what to do . If they became angry at him, then Zhao Hai would have no other choice but to hole up inside his room in the Space .

After the group ate, they went to sit inside the living room . Zhao Hai looked at the others who were rubbing their bellies and said, “My food isn’t that good . There’s no need to eat that much . ”

Laura and the others rolled their eyes as they decided to not respond . At this time, Cai’er cam flying in and said, “Young Master, today’s events have been broadcasted to the people in the Space . There was a huge reaction but nobody blamed you . Do you also want to broadcast what happened next?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “Show it . Let them know about our current situation . Right, in addition to the plan, tell them that I would be going to the Demon Realm tomorrow . Tell them about the Demon Realm’s situation to let them know how bad the environment was . ”

Laura looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, she said, “Brother Hai, do we need to do this? You really don’t need to say good things about the Demons . ”





Laura looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, she said, “Brother Hai, do we need to do this? You really don’t need to say good things about the Demons . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s not like I want to praise the Demons, I just want the people to know the state of other places aside from the Ark Continent and the Space . Later on, when we go to the Divine Realm, we’ll also broadcast our trip . There are too many people in the Space and there really isn’t anything else to do . At the very least, we can provide them with something to pass the time . ”

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai ruminated about the idea of televisions and movies . Those two were good avenues for propaganda .

Laura and the others didn’t think that this was bad, instead they thought that it was too troublesome . But since Zhao Hai wanted to push through with this plan, they didn’t oppose .

The group was somewhat tired today so they rested early . What they don’t know was the fact that their broadcasts had kept people up all night .

Just as Zhao Hai said, people in the Ark Space lacked things to do . And with Zhao Hai’s battles being better than any movie, the people naturally would be hooked to it for a long time .

After the battle ended, the projection showed Zhao Hai and Fei’er’s negotiation .

Then the projection changed and showed the Beastman Prairie . The dark mist and undead could be distinctly seen . This also gave the people understanding about why Zhao Hai took them to the Space .

It can be said that the influence of this broadcast was huge . This made all of the races in the Space have an understanding about the Divine Race and the Demons, especially the Divine Race . These people didn’t think that the Divine Race would be this formidable . Moreover, there seems to be more than ten continents in the Divine Realm .

With how the broadcast was shown, the people were able to understand Zhao Hai’s position . This ignited a sense of gratitude towards Zhao Hai .

When all of the content was done, the sky was already turning bright . The people felt dizzy so they immediately went to sleep . However, the contents of the broadcast was still replaying in their mind .

On the other hand, Zhao Hai woke up . He had breakfast in the villa before asking Laura and the others to take care of the food for Fei’er and the others . At the same time, Zhao Hai went to the Demons and prepared to head towards the Demon Realm with the Demon Dragon King .

To be honest, Zhao Hai was very curious about the Demon Realm . Although Cai’er already provided him with ample information, Zhao Hai was still very interested in seeing it for himself . He wanted to see what the environment really was .



On the other hand, Zhao Hai woke up . He had breakfast in the villa before asking Laura and the others to take care of the food for Fei’er and the others . At the same time, Zhao Hai went to the Demons and prepared to head towards the Demon Realm with the Demon Dragon King .

To be honest, Zhao Hai was very curious about the Demon Realm . Although Cai’er already provided him with ample information, Zhao Hai was still very interested in seeing it for himself . He wanted to see what the environment really was .

By the time Zhao Hai arrived at the Demon Space, the Demon Dragon King and the other Demons were already up . While the Demon Dragon King was waiting for Zhao Hai, the other Demons were actually busy with other matters .

After seeing Zhao Hai arrive, the Demon Dragon King immediately went forward and gave a salute, “Mister, you came . When do we leave?’

Zhao Hai looked at the busy Demons and smiled, “We can leave immediately . Right, if there’s anything you need, then don’t forget to tell me . I will certainly find a way to provide . ’

The Demon Dragon King looked grateful as he said, “Thanks mister . If it’s possible, we would like to ask for some stones . Can you provide us some?”

Zhao Hai stared, he looked puzzled at the Demon Dragon King’s request . He looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “Stones? You want me to give you stones? There are a lot of mountains in this Space and there are stone deposits there, you can just take it for yourselves . ”

The Demon Dragon King embarrassingly replied, “Mister, to be honest, the place is so beautiful that we are afraid to damage it . If we mine the mountains, then the trees might die . We, we can’t do that . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare blankly before smiling bitterly . It seems like the Demons were really affected by their bad environment . Now, it seems like they were completely concerned in preserving their new place . But this is also good, it means that they wouldn’t destroy the Space .

After seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t respond, the Demon Dragon King thought that Zhao Hai had gotten angry, so he quickly said, “It’s alright if mister can’t do it . After we return to the Demon Realm, I can have the Demons harvest some stones there and then bring them back to the Space . ”

When he heard the Demon Dragon King, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, then he said, “That’s also fine . How about this, since I have a lot of idle undead, I can have them help you gather some stones . What you said is right, the Space is indeed beautiful, it would be great if it doesn’t get destroyed . ”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai’s reply, the Demon Dragon King happily agreed . After their conversation, the Demon Dragon King immediately brought Zhao Hai to the Demonic Abyss before they flew towards the Demon Realm .



Chapter 829 – Environmental Awareness.

Fei’er was currently sitting with his people, surrounding a heated metal pot . Their meal was the same as the Demons, meat soup and bread fruit . All these things have been sent earlier by the undead

Although these things looked ordinary, Fei’er didn’t think so . Where was this? This was the frontline . There might not be any problems having pots in the frontlines . However, how could an army acquire fresh meat at a place like this? Moreover, it was nice and warm . Wasn’t this strange?.

Additionally, Fei’er had a certain understanding of Zhao Hai in the past few days . He managed to block both the Demons and the Divine Race . And not only did he destroy the Divine Race army, he even got the Demons for himself

To be honest, when Fei’er saw Zhao Hai leading the Demons to battle, his heart couldn’t help but stop

The Demon Race, that was the Demon Race! Fei’er was planning to propose an alliance with the Demons before they deal with the Divine Race . In his opinion, the Demons had the strength to oppose the Divine Race . And now, that same Demon Race has actually been subdued by Zhao Hai . This was too inconceivable

Fei’er can only use one sentence to describe Zhao Hai’s abilities, flipping the hand to gather clouds, and covering it to stop the rain . This was precisely because Zhao Hai had this ability that Fei’er decided to ask Zhao Hai for cooperation . He believed that with Zhao Hai’s abilities, then there won’t be any problems in dealing with the Divine Race

Fei’er looked at the distant Barbarians and Winged Pegasus . In the past, these people haven’t even heard of each other . But now, they were all solid allies . They were one in their goal, and that was to no longer be under the control of the Divine Race

Fei’er was aware that this goal wasn’t easy . He knew a lot about the Divine Race, so he knew how hard it was to escape from the Divine Race’s grasp . The Taurus Divines alone can exterminate the Barbarians, the Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan . But although the Taurus Divines had this ability, it still wasn’t the strongest continent in the Divine Realm . There were still stronger Divines, and any one of them can eliminate the Thunder Clan many times over

Because of this, not only do they need to pay attention to the Taurus Divine, they also need to listen for the movements of the other continents . Even if they managed to deal with the Taurus Divines, the other continent could still attack and subdue them

Because of this, Fei’er thought about having an alliance with different races . This would allow them to have a proper foothold in the Divine Realm and hopefully deter the other continents from sending reinforcements

However, Zhao Hai had exposed a major flaw in this plan . If the three races got into an alliance, then they would definitely attract the attention of the other Divines . When the time comes, the Divines would send troops to exterminate the three races

After thinking about this, Fei’er couldn’t help but break into a cold sweat . However, he still sent word back to the clan to have them prepare according to the original plan . This was done in the hopes that they would have enough time

Because of this, he settled on inviting Zhao Hai . Fei’er thinks that cooperating with Zhao Hai was the best decision

But in the end, Fei’er still needed to ascertain Zhao Hai’s ability . Although he wasn’t aware about what Zhao Hai needed to do in the next few days, Fei’er knew that it must be related to the Demons . Fei’er wanted to see how Zhao Hai delivers on his promise . If Zhao Hai does a good job, then Fei’er would fully cooperate with him . If Zhao Hai had problems in feeding them, then Fei’er would have reservations in their cooperation

Although Fei’er’s status wasn’t the member with the highest status in the Thunder Clan, he is after all the person next in line to be the leader . Actually, this status was brought about by Thunder Yun . With the loyal Fei’er acting as the leader of the Thunder Clan, Thunder Yun would have more power over them

Unfortunately for Thunder Yun, Fei’er was an actual bomb placed beside him . Fei’er was truly the person next to be the Patriarch . When Thunder Yun administered the position, the Thunder Clan immediately agreed . This turned the Thunder Clan into obedient people in front of Thunder Yun . This caused Thunder Yun to have the Thunder Clan as his personal guards

Fei’er being the next in line to be patriarch wasn’t because of his strength . Instead, it was because Fei’er was intelligent . Because of this, the Thunder Clan sent him to be by Thunder Yun’s side

It was precisely because of this status that Fei’er still had some pull in the Thunder Clan . Otherwise, the Thunder Clan wouldn’t have agreed to cooperating with Zhao Hai

At this time, the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus people also have their own thoughts . Although they have a custom of thinking of their undead brethren to be the same as alive, they were still a bit angry at Zhao Hai . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have sent their elites to the Ark Continent

However, this small hatred wouldn’t hinder their cooperation with Zhao Hai . The current matters was more important than past grudges . Most importantly, their hatred for the Divine Race completely dwarfs Zhao Hai’s action

Zhao Hai didn’t know about any of these . After spending some time with the Demons, Zhao Hai returned to his villa and looked at the monitor . At this time, the Thunder Clan and the others were resting . Zhao Hai closed the monitor and then looked for Laura and the others only to find out that they were busy as well

Presently, the Space had a lot of commodities . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of supplying the Demons as well as the Thunder Clan and the others . After all, if this can move their hearts, then why not?.

The matters that Laura and the others were busy with weren’t a lot . They just need to send supplies to the Demons and the others, they didn’t need to worry about the Divine Race

After seeing that Laura and the others were almost done, Zhao Hai turned around and headed to the kitchen to prepare some food

Zhao Hai hadn’t gone in the kitchen for a long time . Back on earth . Zhao Hai was a greedy eater . Not only did he like to eat, he loved to cook as well

At that time, his job was at home writing drafts . This gave him a lot of free time . In order to relax himself, he would cook . This allowed his cooking skill to be good . Naturally, he couldn’t compare with those great chefs, but even so, his home cooking was still acceptable

After he finished cooking, Laura and the others were also done with their work . When they saw that Zhao Hai had prepared food for them, they were startled . Zhao Hai looked at their reactions and then smiled, “Alright, no need to be shocked . Come over and eat . ”.

Laura and the others immediately went to washed their hands before sitting on the table . Although Zhao Hai’s dishes weren’t as delicious as Meg’s, they were still quite good

After seeing their faces, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly . He always thought that he had been unfair to his wives . Fortunately, they didn’t blame Zhao Hai . Otherwise, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have known what to do . If they became angry at him, then Zhao Hai would have no other choice but to hole up inside his room in the Space

After the group ate, they went to sit inside the living room . Zhao Hai looked at the others who were rubbing their bellies and said, “My food isn’t that good . There’s no need to eat that much . ”.

Laura and the others rolled their eyes as they decided to not respond . At this time, Cai’er cam flying in and said, “Young Master, today’s events have been broadcasted to the people in the Space . There was a huge reaction but nobody blamed you . Do you also want to broadcast what happened next?”.

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “Show it . Let them know about our current situation . Right, in addition to the plan, tell them that I would be going to the Demon Realm tomorrow . Tell them about the Demon Realm’s situation to let them know how bad the environment was . ”.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, she said, “Brother Hai, do we need to do this? You really don’t need to say good things about the Demons . ”.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s not like I want to praise the Demons, I just want the people to know the state of other places aside from the Ark Continent and the Space . Later on, when we go to the Divine Realm, we’ll also broadcast our trip . There are too many people in the Space and there really isn’t anything else to do . At the very least, we can provide them with something to pass the time . ”.

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai ruminated about the idea of televisions and movies . Those two were good avenues for propaganda

Laura and the others didn’t think that this was bad, instead they thought that it was too troublesome . But since Zhao Hai wanted to push through with this plan, they didn’t oppose

The group was somewhat tired today so they rested early . What they don’t know was the fact that their broadcasts had kept people up all night

Just as Zhao Hai said, people in the Ark Space lacked things to do . And with Zhao Hai’s battles being better than any movie, the people naturally would be hooked to it for a long time

After the battle ended, the projection showed Zhao Hai and Fei’er’s negotiation

Then the projection changed and showed the Beastman Prairie . The dark mist and undead could be distinctly seen . This also gave the people understanding about why Zhao Hai took them to the Space

It can be said that the influence of this broadcast was huge . This made all of the races in the Space have an understanding about the Divine Race and the Demons, especially the Divine Race . These people didn’t think that the Divine Race would be this formidable . Moreover, there seems to be more than ten continents in the Divine Realm

With how the broadcast was shown, the people were able to understand Zhao Hai’s position . This ignited a sense of gratitude towards Zhao Hai

When all of the content was done, the sky was already turning bright . The people felt dizzy so they immediately went to sleep . However, the contents of the broadcast was still replaying in their mind

On the other hand, Zhao Hai woke up . He had breakfast in the villa before asking Laura and the others to take care of the food for Fei’er and the others . At the same time, Zhao Hai went to the Demons and prepared to head towards the Demon Realm with the Demon Dragon King

To be honest, Zhao Hai was very curious about the Demon Realm . Although Cai’er already provided him with ample information, Zhao Hai was still very interested in seeing it for himself . He wanted to see what the environment really was

By the time Zhao Hai arrived at the Demon Space, the Demon Dragon King and the other Demons were already up . While the Demon Dragon King was waiting for Zhao Hai, the other Demons were actually busy with other matters

After seeing Zhao Hai arrive, the Demon Dragon King immediately went forward and gave a salute, “Mister, you came . When do we leave?’.

Zhao Hai looked at the busy Demons and smiled, “We can leave immediately . Right, if there’s anything you need, then don’t forget to tell me . I will certainly find a way to provide . ’.

The Demon Dragon King looked grateful as he said, “Thanks mister . If it’s possible, we would like to ask for some stones . Can you provide us some?”.

Zhao Hai stared, he looked puzzled at the Demon Dragon King’s request . He looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “Stones? You want me to give you stones? There are a lot of mountains in this Space and there are stone deposits there, you can just take it for yourselves . ”.

The Demon Dragon King embarrassingly replied, “Mister, to be honest, the place is so beautiful that we are afraid to damage it . If we mine the mountains, then the trees might die . We, we can’t do that . ”.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare blankly before smiling bitterly . It seems like the Demons were really affected by their bad environment . Now, it seems like they were completely concerned in preserving their new place . But this is also good, it means that they wouldn’t destroy the Space

After seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t respond, the Demon Dragon King thought that Zhao Hai had gotten angry, so he quickly said, “It’s alright if mister can’t do it . After we return to the Demon Realm, I can have the Demons harvest some stones there and then bring them back to the Space . ”.

When he heard the Demon Dragon King, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, then he said, “That’s also fine . How about this, since I have a lot of idle undead, I can have them help you gather some stones . What you said is right, the Space is indeed beautiful, it would be great if it doesn’t get destroyed . ”.

Upon hearing Zhao Hai’s reply, the Demon Dragon King happily agreed . After their conversation, the Demon Dragon King immediately brought Zhao Hai to the Demonic Abyss before they flew towards the Demon Realm





* * *

Chapter 830 – Poisonous Grass Is Also Useful?

It was a blood red world!

The sky was red, a deep shade of red, looking like viscous blood . Naturally, since it was daytime, the sun was also up . However, this sun looked like it was wrapped in red film . The light that the sun projected was a faint dark red, it was completely different compared to the daylight in the Ark Continent .

Besides this dark red sky, there was also a reddish black land . It looked like deserted landscape . There were some low lying plants here and there . Although they had green leaves, the shade of green wasn’t something normally seen in plants .

Although the grass looked like the ones in the prairie, Zhao Hai could feel that the grass were clumps of poisonous snakes growing out of the ground, looking for an opportunity to bite .

Aside from the grasses, one could also see some stones and sandy soil . The Demon Realm looks like there was nothing inside it . Even if one could see some trees, they weren’t tall enough nor big enough to be described as so . The entire atmosphere exuded a depressing feeling .

At this time, the Demon Dragon King lightly sighed before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, just a few words of advice . Don’t underestimate the grasses of the Demon Realm . Some of these poisonous grasses hold poison that can even kill God-rank experts . ”

Zhao Hai turned to the Demon Dragon King with a puzzled expression . The Demon Dragon King continued, “In the Demon Realm, almost all plant life is poisonous . The only difference between their poisons is the intensity . The reason why we eat the seven colored vine in the Demon Realm was because it had the least toxicity out of all the plants here . And although two grasses looks similar, one could be virtually harmless while the other can kill you instantly . ”

Zhao Hai stared before he gave out a sigh, “No wonder the Demons wanted the Ark Continent, the environment is indeed terrible! . ”





At the same time, the conditions of the Demon Realm was also broadcasted to the people in the Space .

At this point, the people in the Space were already used to looking at the broadcasts every day . The contents of the broadcast today startled them . They have never seen an environment like this . The people in the Space thought that the display was showing hell .

However, after the voice came, they understood that this wasn’t hell, instead it was actually the Demon Realm!

Now, the people in the Space already knew about the Demons being allied with Zhao Hai . For the people in the Space, this was exciting news .

They didn’t have much dislike of the Demons . This was mainly because in the battle against the Demons, Zhao Hai was the one doing the most fights, the losses to the Ark Continent wasn’t very big .

Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of this as he and the Demon Dragon King flew forward . There are only the two of them, there were no escorts .

Zhao Hai looked all around the Demon Realm and saw that the overall situation was quite similar . They even saw one or two Demons who wanted to attack them . Fortunately, those Demons weren’t able to fly, otherwise, things would be annoying .

Their speed wasn’t fast, as Zhao Hai was looking around, he turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Where do you live?” The Demon Dragon King replied, “The capital . That is the Demon Realm’s biggest and most fortified city . Most importantly, sealed below the city is the largest spatial rift between the Demon Realm and the Underworld . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “How long does it take for us to reach the capital?”

The Demon Dragon King quickly replied, “It wouldn’t be long, about two hours . If we go slow, we would arrive in four hours . ”





The Demon Dragon King quickly replied, “It wouldn’t be long, about two hours . If we go slow, we would arrive in four hours . ”

Zhao Hai hesitated for a moment before he waved his hand . Before long, a big hand appeared and grasped a clump of grass then sent it to the Space .

The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, he didn’t know what he was planning to do . Actually, Zhao Hai just wanted to see how different this grass was compared to ordinary ones .

Just as the grass entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, “Fierce toxin detected . Dark attribute grass . Not suitable for growing in the Space . Not suitable for growing in ordinary backgrounds . Suitable for growing inside Hell background . Helpful in improving Hell background . ”

Zhao Hai was stunned when he heard this prompt . He didn’t really think that this place would grow in the hell background . This was a surprise for Zhao Hai .

The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai and discovered a smile on Zhao Hai’s face . The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but ask, “Mister, did something good happen?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Something good arrived . Right, can you have the other Demons help me in collecting plants and magic beasts from the Demon Realm? It doesn’t matter if they are poisonous or not . Moreover, they need to be alive . ”

The Demon Dragon King stared blankly, then he asked, “Why does Mister want to collect these things? Do they help you with something?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Right, they have some use to me . Moreover, if those poisons are used well, then I might be able to make good medicine . So what do you think? Can you help me?”

The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “No problem . When we see His Majesty, we can ask those who will go to the Space to bring some plants and beasts along with them . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, plants and magic beasts . However, there’s no need to go out of their way . We don’t want them to be hurt by aggressive magic beasts or get poisoned by plants . ” The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “Mister, rest assured, nothing bad will happen . We Demons have lived in the Demon Realm for so many years . Unless it is a large beast tide, they won’t pose a threat to us . ’





Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, plants and magic beasts . However, there’s no need to go out of their way . We don’t want them to be hurt by aggressive magic beasts or get poisoned by plants . ” The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “Mister, rest assured, nothing bad will happen . We Demons have lived in the Demon Realm for so many years . Unless it is a large beast tide, they won’t pose a threat to us . ’

Zhao Hai nodded, “Good, then it’s settled . Let’s go and see His Majesty, I want to see how far the migration has progressed . After all, our time is too short . ” The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “There’s shouldn’t be any problems . With His Majesty in charge, the whole Demon Realm should already be prepared . ” Zhao Hai smiled and didn’t say anything else . After that the two accelerated their flying speed .

While on their way, Zhao Hai also encountered small settlements . These settlements weren’t very large . It seems like they house about a thousand to a hundred thousand people . Although these places were small, their walls were very thick and high . All of them seem like fortresses . The Demon Dragon King pointed at those small towns and said, “Almost everyone in the Demon Realm lived in places like these . Since there are a lot of magic beasts in the Demon Realm, one would certainly meet groups of them in the wild . If one doesn’t live in places like these, then they would have a very small chance of surviving . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and gave a slight smile . To be honest, the Demon Realm was really the worst place he’s ever seen . He was even sure that the air was poisoned . It was only because the Space had an antidote that it didn’t bother telling Zhao Hai about the toxicity in the air .

At the same time, Zhao Hai also understood why the Demons grew up the way they were . It was due to the bad environment . In order to suit their environment, they needed to adapt .

Survival of the fittest! This was the rule of nature . And this rule was completely driven into overdrive in the Demon Realm . The Demons needed to undergo through generations of evolution just so they could survive . In the end, they arrived at their current appearances .

Two hours after they sped up, Zhao Hai could finally see a giant city in the distance . This city was no worse than any capital in the Ark continent . With dark red stones being used to construct it, the city looked very majestic .

While the two haven’t even arrived at the capital, they could already see the Devil’s chariot outside the city . Zhao Hai immediately knew that this was the Great Demon King coming to welcome him . The two immediately headed for the chariot to give their greetings . Before long, Zhao Hai can see the Great Demon King waiting for him .

Upon seeing Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King laughed and said, “I didn’t think Mister would deal with the Divine Race this quickly . This calls for celebration, Mister, please come inside . ” Zhao Hai wasn’t overly polite, he immediately entered the chariot after giving a salute . The Demon Dragon King also quickly went after them .

Zhao Hai entered the chariot and saw that the decorations inside were still the same . There was still the small table with dishes and a pot of liquor .

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then sat at the small table along with the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King . After everyone has settled, the Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister had just defeated the Divine Race army, but you still chose to come here . I have to thank Mister for this . ”



Zhao Hai entered the chariot and saw that the decorations inside were still the same . There was still the small table with dishes and a pot of liquor .

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then sat at the small table along with the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King . After everyone has settled, the Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister had just defeated the Divine Race army, but you still chose to come here . I have to thank Mister for this . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “It’s nothing . In any case, the others still needed some time so I just chose to come here . Right, has everything been prepared?” The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Almost ready, as long as Mister opens the spatial rifts, the Demons can immediately move to the Space . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and then he said, “Right, I have something to trouble Your Majesty . I want to collect plants and animals from the Demon Realm . I hope Your Majesty an assist me with this . ”

The Great Demon King stared, then he knit his eyebrows as he replied, “Does Mister know the specific things he wants?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Not too many requests . First, they need to be alive . Second, the more varieties the better . Naturally, there’s no need gather those that are dangerous to acquire . ”

The Great Demon King relaxed and said, “This is easy . When can Mister open the spatial rift?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I can open it any time . I just saw some Demons going towards the capital . How about this, I’ll open a spatial rift here and have those Demons enter . Then after that, I will leave my blood ghost staff behind . Your Majesty can carry my staff to the different cities . As long as you go there with the staff, then I would be able to open my spatial rifts . With this, everyone shouldn’t be subjected to dangerous migration paths . ”

The Great Demon King gawked, then he nodded and said, “That would be best . Mister can open the spatial rift right now, I will immediately have the Demons enter the Space . ”

Zhao Hai didn’t object, he nodded before he waved his hand and opened a huge spatial right just outside the capital .



Chapter 830 – Poisonous Grass Is Also Useful?.

It was a blood red world!.

The sky was red, a deep shade of red, looking like viscous blood . Naturally, since it was daytime, the sun was also up . However, this sun looked like it was wrapped in red film . The light that the sun projected was a faint dark red, it was completely different compared to the daylight in the Ark Continent

Besides this dark red sky, there was also a reddish black land . It looked like deserted landscape . There were some low lying plants here and there . Although they had green leaves, the shade of green wasn’t something normally seen in plants

Although the grass looked like the ones in the prairie, Zhao Hai could feel that the grass were clumps of poisonous snakes growing out of the ground, looking for an opportunity to bite

Aside from the grasses, one could also see some stones and sandy soil . The Demon Realm looks like there was nothing inside it . Even if one could see some trees, they weren’t tall enough nor big enough to be described as so . The entire atmosphere exuded a depressing feeling

At this time, the Demon Dragon King lightly sighed before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, just a few words of advice . Don’t underestimate the grasses of the Demon Realm . Some of these poisonous grasses hold poison that can even kill God-rank experts . ”.

Zhao Hai turned to the Demon Dragon King with a puzzled expression . The Demon Dragon King continued, “In the Demon Realm, almost all plant life is poisonous . The only difference between their poisons is the intensity . The reason why we eat the seven colored vine in the Demon Realm was because it had the least toxicity out of all the plants here . And although two grasses looks similar, one could be virtually harmless while the other can kill you instantly . ”.

Zhao Hai stared before he gave out a sigh, “No wonder the Demons wanted the Ark Continent, the environment is indeed terrible! . ”.

At the same time, the conditions of the Demon Realm was also broadcasted to the people in the Space

At this point, the people in the Space were already used to looking at the broadcasts every day . The contents of the broadcast today startled them . They have never seen an environment like this . The people in the Space thought that the display was showing hell

However, after the voice came, they understood that this wasn’t hell, instead it was actually the Demon Realm!.

Now, the people in the Space already knew about the Demons being allied with Zhao Hai . For the people in the Space, this was exciting news

They didn’t have much dislike of the Demons . This was mainly because in the battle against the Demons, Zhao Hai was the one doing the most fights, the losses to the Ark Continent wasn’t very big

Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of this as he and the Demon Dragon King flew forward . There are only the two of them, there were no escorts

Zhao Hai looked all around the Demon Realm and saw that the overall situation was quite similar . They even saw one or two Demons who wanted to attack them . Fortunately, those Demons weren’t able to fly, otherwise, things would be annoying

Their speed wasn’t fast, as Zhao Hai was looking around, he turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Where do you live?” The Demon Dragon King replied, “The capital . That is the Demon Realm’s biggest and most fortified city . Most importantly, sealed below the city is the largest spatial rift between the Demon Realm and the Underworld . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “How long does it take for us to reach the capital?”.

The Demon Dragon King quickly replied, “It wouldn’t be long, about two hours . If we go slow, we would arrive in four hours . ”.

Zhao Hai hesitated for a moment before he waved his hand . Before long, a big hand appeared and grasped a clump of grass then sent it to the Space

The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, he didn’t know what he was planning to do . Actually, Zhao Hai just wanted to see how different this grass was compared to ordinary ones

Just as the grass entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, “Fierce toxin detected . Dark attribute grass . Not suitable for growing in the Space . Not suitable for growing in ordinary backgrounds . Suitable for growing inside Hell background . Helpful in improving Hell background . ”.

Zhao Hai was stunned when he heard this prompt . He didn’t really think that this place would grow in the hell background . This was a surprise for Zhao Hai

The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai and discovered a smile on Zhao Hai’s face . The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but ask, “Mister, did something good happen?”.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Something good arrived . Right, can you have the other Demons help me in collecting plants and magic beasts from the Demon Realm? It doesn’t matter if they are poisonous or not . Moreover, they need to be alive . ”.

The Demon Dragon King stared blankly, then he asked, “Why does Mister want to collect these things? Do they help you with something?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Right, they have some use to me . Moreover, if those poisons are used well, then I might be able to make good medicine . So what do you think? Can you help me?”.

The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “No problem . When we see His Majesty, we can ask those who will go to the Space to bring some plants and beasts along with them . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, plants and magic beasts . However, there’s no need to go out of their way . We don’t want them to be hurt by aggressive magic beasts or get poisoned by plants . ” The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “Mister, rest assured, nothing bad will happen . We Demons have lived in the Demon Realm for so many years . Unless it is a large beast tide, they won’t pose a threat to us . ’.

Zhao Hai nodded, “Good, then it’s settled . Let’s go and see His Majesty, I want to see how far the migration has progressed . After all, our time is too short . ” The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “There’s shouldn’t be any problems . With His Majesty in charge, the whole Demon Realm should already be prepared . ” Zhao Hai smiled and didn’t say anything else . After that the two accelerated their flying speed

While on their way, Zhao Hai also encountered small settlements . These settlements weren’t very large . It seems like they house about a thousand to a hundred thousand people . Although these places were small, their walls were very thick and high . All of them seem like fortresses . The Demon Dragon King pointed at those small towns and said, “Almost everyone in the Demon Realm lived in places like these . Since there are a lot of magic beasts in the Demon Realm, one would certainly meet groups of them in the wild . If one doesn’t live in places like these, then they would have a very small chance of surviving . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded and gave a slight smile . To be honest, the Demon Realm was really the worst place he’s ever seen . He was even sure that the air was poisoned . It was only because the Space had an antidote that it didn’t bother telling Zhao Hai about the toxicity in the air

At the same time, Zhao Hai also understood why the Demons grew up the way they were . It was due to the bad environment . In order to suit their environment, they needed to adapt

Survival of the fittest! This was the rule of nature . And this rule was completely driven into overdrive in the Demon Realm . The Demons needed to undergo through generations of evolution just so they could survive . In the end, they arrived at their current appearances

Two hours after they sped up, Zhao Hai could finally see a giant city in the distance . This city was no worse than any capital in the Ark continent . With dark red stones being used to construct it, the city looked very majestic

While the two haven’t even arrived at the capital, they could already see the Devil’s chariot outside the city . Zhao Hai immediately knew that this was the Great Demon King coming to welcome him . The two immediately headed for the chariot to give their greetings . Before long, Zhao Hai can see the Great Demon King waiting for him

Upon seeing Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King laughed and said, “I didn’t think Mister would deal with the Divine Race this quickly . This calls for celebration, Mister, please come inside . ” Zhao Hai wasn’t overly polite, he immediately entered the chariot after giving a salute . The Demon Dragon King also quickly went after them

Zhao Hai entered the chariot and saw that the decorations inside were still the same . There was still the small table with dishes and a pot of liquor

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then sat at the small table along with the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King . After everyone has settled, the Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister had just defeated the Divine Race army, but you still chose to come here . I have to thank Mister for this . ”.

Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “It’s nothing . In any case, the others still needed some time so I just chose to come here . Right, has everything been prepared?” The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Almost ready, as long as Mister opens the spatial rifts, the Demons can immediately move to the Space . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded and then he said, “Right, I have something to trouble Your Majesty . I want to collect plants and animals from the Demon Realm . I hope Your Majesty an assist me with this . ”.

The Great Demon King stared, then he knit his eyebrows as he replied, “Does Mister know the specific things he wants?”.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Not too many requests . First, they need to be alive . Second, the more varieties the better . Naturally, there’s no need gather those that are dangerous to acquire . ”.

The Great Demon King relaxed and said, “This is easy . When can Mister open the spatial rift?”.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I can open it any time . I just saw some Demons going towards the capital . How about this, I’ll open a spatial rift here and have those Demons enter . Then after that, I will leave my blood ghost staff behind . Your Majesty can carry my staff to the different cities . As long as you go there with the staff, then I would be able to open my spatial rifts . With this, everyone shouldn’t be subjected to dangerous migration paths . ”.

The Great Demon King gawked, then he nodded and said, “That would be best . Mister can open the spatial rift right now, I will immediately have the Demons enter the Space . ”.

Zhao Hai didn’t object, he nodded before he waved his hand and opened a huge spatial right just outside the capital





* * *

Chapter 831 – Unknown Future

The Great Demon King didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this fast . He stared for a moment before he laughed, “Alright, mister moves very quick . Then I will have to be impolite . Mister, please stay here for a moment while I arrange my people . ”

When the Great Demon King stood up, Zhao Hai did the same as he said, “Your Majesty, I won’t be staying here for long . I have to go back to the Space and arrange some things . I’ll leave my blood ghost staff here so you can take it with you . Just use the messenger fish to contact me and I’ll immediately open a spatial rift . Demon Dragon can stay here with you . There won’t be any battles in the next few days, he can help you relocate the other Demons . ”

The Great Demon King looked at the staff in his hand . The staff was currently in its skeleton form, it wasn’t a staff used by most people . However, the Great Demon King knew the significance of this staff to Zhao Hai . Being handed the staff moved the Great Demon King’s heart .

The Great Demon King nodded and said, “That would be best . Since mister has something else to do, then I won’t hold you here for long . Me and Demon Dragon can take care of everything here . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then I’ll bother Your Majesty with this . The Space has been prepared, your Majesty can rest assured . ” The Great Demon King gave another thanks . Then Zhao Hai left the chariot and then flashed back to the Space .

The reason why Zhao Hai left quickly was because he needed to talk with Fei’er and the others . No matter what, they were still allies, being in constant contact with them would be good . This way, they would have better coordination in the future .

Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to take his time in the Demon Realm . And since he didn’t want to reveal a lot of things, he didn’t think about handing the blood ghost staff over to the Great Demon King .

However after further thinking, all of the Demons would enter the Space, so handing the blood ghost staff over to the Great Demon King would be more than enough . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to give the blood ghost staff to the Great Demon King so that he can leave and contact Fei’er and the others .





Just as Zhao Hai entered the Space, Laura and the others were currently looking at the monitor . The image displayed on the monitor was the state of the Demon Realm . To be honest, they didn’t think that the Demon Realm would be as bad as this .

After they saw that Zhao Hai had come back, Laura and the others immediately went forward to greet him . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you’re back? Didn’t you that you would stay in the Demon Realm for a couple of days?”

Zhao Hai replied, “There is no need for me to be there, I couldn’t offer further help in transferring the Demons . It would be better if I get in touch with Fei’er’s group instead . Right, I also left the blood ghost staff to the Great Demon King . ”

Laura stared, then she nodded and said, “Leaving the staff with the Great Demon King is also good . In any case, the staff could map the Demon Realm . ’

Zhao Hao nodded, then he asked, “How are Fei’er and the others doing? Did anything significant happen?”

Laura shook her head and said, “Everything is very normal . We’ve already sent them their meals, they ready to eat . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he sat on the sofa and let out a long breath, “How about the Ark Space? The people have seen the condition of the Demon Realm, what response did they have?”

Laura smiled and then said, “There’s no excessive reaction . People seem to not be very disgusted by the Demons . They just look at the Demon Realm as though it was a story . ”

Zhao Hai felt relied, he said, “It’s good that they aren’t angry . I thought I need to spend some time to improve their view towards the Demons, it seems like there’s no need for that . Right, send me outside, I want to have a chat with Fei’er . ”





Zhao Hai felt relied, he said, “It’s good that they aren’t angry . I thought I need to spend some time to improve their view towards the Demons, it seems like there’s no need for that . Right, send me outside, I want to have a chat with Fei’er . ”

Laura nodded, then Cai’er waved her hand as she sent Zhao Hai to a city in the Buddha Empire . It wasn’t a big city so it couldn’t house several tens of millions of soldiers . Majority of the army rested outside the city . Still, there was no problem regarding food . As for Fei’er and the others, they took their rest inside the city .

Zhao Hai directly appeared in the city, causing the attention of the surrounding soldiers to focus on him . After they saw Zhao Hai, one of them immediately went to Fei’er to report .

Zhao Hai didn’t block them as he just waited there in place . Before long, Fei’er came, Shan and Yue were absent .

However, Zhao Hai can also understand why this was the case . He killed so many people from those two races . Although the custom of those people saw the undead as another form of life, a thread of hatred was still present . Therefore, it was an appropriate move if those people don’t meet him .

At this time, Fei’er arrived by Zhao Hai and gave a salute, “I didn’t think mister would see us today, wasn’t mister quite busy?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I found some time to visit . Let’s go in and talk” Fei’er nodded and led Zhao Hai to the place where he rested, which was the city lord’s mansion .

There wasn’t anything inside this mansion, after all, Zhao Hai already took everything out of the Ark Continent . Although the mansion looked quite spacious, it was only due to it being empty .

However, it was also great the Fei’er and the others were quite capable people with formidable bodies . Because of this, they didn’t care about resting in this place . Fei’er didn’t even sleep in the bedroom, there was no need to do so since there was no bed .

After entering the empty hall, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile . He turned to Fei’er and said, “Mister Fei’er, I apologize . The things in this mansion has already been taken by me . ”





After entering the empty hall, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile . He turned to Fei’er and said, “Mister Fei’er, I apologize . The things in this mansion has already been taken by me . ”

Fei’er smiled faintly and said, “No problem, we’re already quite used to it . Right, why did mister come today? Is there anything you like to talk about?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Mister Fei’er, what opinion does the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus people have on me?”

Fei’er didn’t expect Zhao Hai to ask this question, he couldn’t help but smile bitterly . The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus did indeed have some reservations towards Zhao Hai . However, Fei’er believed that they wouldn’t take revenge against Zhao Hai . This was because there was still a bigger enemy in the horizon .

And now that Zhao Hai asked, he didn’t know what to say . Zhao Hai saw Fei’er’s expression and sighed, “I know that they have some bad outlook towards me . After all, I can’t deny killing their own people . However, I hope that this wouldn’t affect our cooperation . ”

Fei’er quickly replied, “Mister can rest assured, the cooperation wouldn’t be affected . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “I have no choice at that time . I didn’t know that they weren’t part of the Divine Race . I expected them to be part of the Divine Race army . ”

Fei’er looked confused at Zhao Hai . In their previous discussion, Zhao Hai seemed to know a lot about the Divine Realm . Normally, he shouldn’t be able to know about the Divine Realm’s matters .

Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and smiled bitterly, “Did you wonder why I’m very familiar with the Divine Realm?”

Fei’er nodded, Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Don’t forget that I’m a dark mage . After killing the Divine Race and turning them into undead, I can ask them about the matters of the Divine Realm . ”



Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and smiled bitterly, “Did you wonder why I’m very familiar with the Divine Realm?”

Fei’er nodded, Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Don’t forget that I’m a dark mage . After killing the Divine Race and turning them into undead, I can ask them about the matters of the Divine Realm . ”

When Fei’er heard Zhao Hai, his eyes suddenly showed his understanding . He actually forgot that Zhao Hai was a Dark Mage .

Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “Although I knew about the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus, my knowledge isn’t that much . The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus haven’t been conquered in a day or two, so I wasn’t aware that they still held their resentment towards the Divine Race . When they planned to attack the Ark Continent, I can’t risk my people being killed . Because of that, I had no choice but to kill them . ”

Fei’er nodded, he can understand Zhao Hai . To be honest, if Zhao Hai held back against the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus at that time, then the Ark Continent wouldn’t have been in its current state . Instead, the Ark Continent would have already fallen to the Divine Race . Moreover, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have been here to become their ally . Most importantly, Zhao Hai was very strong, it would be strange if he doesn’t go for the kill .

From what was said before, Fei’er didn’t intend to become allies with Zhao Hai, instead he wanted to invite the Demon Race . If Zhao Hai wasn’t strong, then they wouldn’t have been speaking at this time . Strength decides everything, this was something that Fei’er completely understood .

Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er’s expression and said, “This time, we need to quickly deal with the Divine Race, we can’t be slow . North of the Ark Continent is a rift to the Underworld . Undead from the Underworld have already come out of the rift . If we delay, the undead and the Divine Race might attack us from both sides . That wouldn’t be good for us . ”

Fei’er nodded, his expression was somewhat heavy . Although he believed that they had the strength to deal with the Divine Race, he still didn’t underestimate the Divine Race . There were still 9 other Divine Race continents in the Divine Realm aside from the Taurus Continent . What reaction would the other continents have? This remained unknown . All their previous discussion was merely speculation .

If the other continents sent reinforcements towards the Taurus Divines, then things would be extremely difficult . All 9 continent’s doesn’t even need to send reinforcements . As long as a form of reinforcement came, then things would still get more difficult .



Chapter 831 – Unknown Future.

The Great Demon King didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this fast . He stared for a moment before he laughed, “Alright, mister moves very quick . Then I will have to be impolite . Mister, please stay here for a moment while I arrange my people . ”.

When the Great Demon King stood up, Zhao Hai did the same as he said, “Your Majesty, I won’t be staying here for long . I have to go back to the Space and arrange some things . I’ll leave my blood ghost staff here so you can take it with you . Just use the messenger fish to contact me and I’ll immediately open a spatial rift . Demon Dragon can stay here with you . There won’t be any battles in the next few days, he can help you relocate the other Demons . ”.

The Great Demon King looked at the staff in his hand . The staff was currently in its skeleton form, it wasn’t a staff used by most people . However, the Great Demon King knew the significance of this staff to Zhao Hai . Being handed the staff moved the Great Demon King’s heart

The Great Demon King nodded and said, “That would be best . Since mister has something else to do, then I won’t hold you here for long . Me and Demon Dragon can take care of everything here . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then I’ll bother Your Majesty with this . The Space has been prepared, your Majesty can rest assured . ” The Great Demon King gave another thanks . Then Zhao Hai left the chariot and then flashed back to the Space

The reason why Zhao Hai left quickly was because he needed to talk with Fei’er and the others . No matter what, they were still allies, being in constant contact with them would be good . This way, they would have better coordination in the future

Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to take his time in the Demon Realm . And since he didn’t want to reveal a lot of things, he didn’t think about handing the blood ghost staff over to the Great Demon King

However after further thinking, all of the Demons would enter the Space, so handing the blood ghost staff over to the Great Demon King would be more than enough . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to give the blood ghost staff to the Great Demon King so that he can leave and contact Fei’er and the others

Just as Zhao Hai entered the Space, Laura and the others were currently looking at the monitor . The image displayed on the monitor was the state of the Demon Realm . To be honest, they didn’t think that the Demon Realm would be as bad as this

After they saw that Zhao Hai had come back, Laura and the others immediately went forward to greet him . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you’re back? Didn’t you that you would stay in the Demon Realm for a couple of days?”.

Zhao Hai replied, “There is no need for me to be there, I couldn’t offer further help in transferring the Demons . It would be better if I get in touch with Fei’er’s group instead . Right, I also left the blood ghost staff to the Great Demon King . ”.

Laura stared, then she nodded and said, “Leaving the staff with the Great Demon King is also good . In any case, the staff could map the Demon Realm . ’.

Zhao Hao nodded, then he asked, “How are Fei’er and the others doing? Did anything significant happen?”.

Laura shook her head and said, “Everything is very normal . We’ve already sent them their meals, they ready to eat . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded, then he sat on the sofa and let out a long breath, “How about the Ark Space? The people have seen the condition of the Demon Realm, what response did they have?”.

Laura smiled and then said, “There’s no excessive reaction . People seem to not be very disgusted by the Demons . They just look at the Demon Realm as though it was a story . ”.

Zhao Hai felt relied, he said, “It’s good that they aren’t angry . I thought I need to spend some time to improve their view towards the Demons, it seems like there’s no need for that . Right, send me outside, I want to have a chat with Fei’er . ”.

Laura nodded, then Cai’er waved her hand as she sent Zhao Hai to a city in the Buddha Empire . It wasn’t a big city so it couldn’t house several tens of millions of soldiers . Majority of the army rested outside the city . Still, there was no problem regarding food . As for Fei’er and the others, they took their rest inside the city

Zhao Hai directly appeared in the city, causing the attention of the surrounding soldiers to focus on him . After they saw Zhao Hai, one of them immediately went to Fei’er to report

Zhao Hai didn’t block them as he just waited there in place . Before long, Fei’er came, Shan and Yue were absent

However, Zhao Hai can also understand why this was the case . He killed so many people from those two races . Although the custom of those people saw the undead as another form of life, a thread of hatred was still present . Therefore, it was an appropriate move if those people don’t meet him

At this time, Fei’er arrived by Zhao Hai and gave a salute, “I didn’t think mister would see us today, wasn’t mister quite busy?”.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I found some time to visit . Let’s go in and talk” Fei’er nodded and led Zhao Hai to the place where he rested, which was the city lord’s mansion

There wasn’t anything inside this mansion, after all, Zhao Hai already took everything out of the Ark Continent . Although the mansion looked quite spacious, it was only due to it being empty

However, it was also great the Fei’er and the others were quite capable people with formidable bodies . Because of this, they didn’t care about resting in this place . Fei’er didn’t even sleep in the bedroom, there was no need to do so since there was no bed

After entering the empty hall, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile . He turned to Fei’er and said, “Mister Fei’er, I apologize . The things in this mansion has already been taken by me . ”.

Fei’er smiled faintly and said, “No problem, we’re already quite used to it . Right, why did mister come today? Is there anything you like to talk about?”.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Mister Fei’er, what opinion does the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus people have on me?”.

Fei’er didn’t expect Zhao Hai to ask this question, he couldn’t help but smile bitterly . The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus did indeed have some reservations towards Zhao Hai . However, Fei’er believed that they wouldn’t take revenge against Zhao Hai . This was because there was still a bigger enemy in the horizon

And now that Zhao Hai asked, he didn’t know what to say . Zhao Hai saw Fei’er’s expression and sighed, “I know that they have some bad outlook towards me . After all, I can’t deny killing their own people . However, I hope that this wouldn’t affect our cooperation . ”.

Fei’er quickly replied, “Mister can rest assured, the cooperation wouldn’t be affected . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “I have no choice at that time . I didn’t know that they weren’t part of the Divine Race . I expected them to be part of the Divine Race army . ”.

Fei’er looked confused at Zhao Hai . In their previous discussion, Zhao Hai seemed to know a lot about the Divine Realm . Normally, he shouldn’t be able to know about the Divine Realm’s matters

Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and smiled bitterly, “Did you wonder why I’m very familiar with the Divine Realm?”.

Fei’er nodded, Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Don’t forget that I’m a dark mage . After killing the Divine Race and turning them into undead, I can ask them about the matters of the Divine Realm . ”.

When Fei’er heard Zhao Hai, his eyes suddenly showed his understanding . He actually forgot that Zhao Hai was a Dark Mage

Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “Although I knew about the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus, my knowledge isn’t that much . The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus haven’t been conquered in a day or two, so I wasn’t aware that they still held their resentment towards the Divine Race . When they planned to attack the Ark Continent, I can’t risk my people being killed . Because of that, I had no choice but to kill them . ”.

Fei’er nodded, he can understand Zhao Hai . To be honest, if Zhao Hai held back against the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus at that time, then the Ark Continent wouldn’t have been in its current state . Instead, the Ark Continent would have already fallen to the Divine Race . Moreover, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have been here to become their ally . Most importantly, Zhao Hai was very strong, it would be strange if he doesn’t go for the kill

From what was said before, Fei’er didn’t intend to become allies with Zhao Hai, instead he wanted to invite the Demon Race . If Zhao Hai wasn’t strong, then they wouldn’t have been speaking at this time . Strength decides everything, this was something that Fei’er completely understood

Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er’s expression and said, “This time, we need to quickly deal with the Divine Race, we can’t be slow . North of the Ark Continent is a rift to the Underworld . Undead from the Underworld have already come out of the rift . If we delay, the undead and the Divine Race might attack us from both sides . That wouldn’t be good for us . ”.

Fei’er nodded, his expression was somewhat heavy . Although he believed that they had the strength to deal with the Divine Race, he still didn’t underestimate the Divine Race . There were still 9 other Divine Race continents in the Divine Realm aside from the Taurus Continent . What reaction would the other continents have? This remained unknown . All their previous discussion was merely speculation

If the other continents sent reinforcements towards the Taurus Divines, then things would be extremely difficult . All 9 continent’s doesn’t even need to send reinforcements . As long as a form of reinforcement came, then things would still get more difficult





* * *

Chapter 832 – Transformers? Mecha? What!?

Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So Mister’s plan is?”

Zhao Hai replied, “We must attack, as soon as possible and in the shortest time . We need to attack the Taurus Divines while they still have a hold on their continent . This way, we lessen the chance of other continents joining the fight . ”

Fei’er knit his brows and said, “Of course, it would be best if we attack immediately . However, if we are too aggressive, then we might exhaust our resources . If the other continents come, then we won’t have any energy left to resist . ” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It would be worse if we don’t attack . The Divines should have already acquired the news by now and had gone to prepare themselves . If we don’t go at them hard, then things would be more troublesome for us . ”

Fei’er thought for a moment and then nodded, “We don’t have any problems with that . And just like you said, the Divines should have already heard of what happened here and have been prepared . However, at this time, I still have no way to get in touch with my people . There’s no way for me to tell them about our decision . I’m afraid they won’t be ready to cooperate when the time comes . ”

Zhao Hai thought about it and then said, “When we enter the Divine Realm and make our initial attack, you could use that opportunity to contact your people . Right, I’ll give this to you . This is a messenger fish, you can call me on this thing . If anything happens, use it . ”

Fei’er gawked as he received the messenger fish . Fei’er looked curiously at the small fish . Zhao Hai didn’t say anything for a moment before he took out two messenger fishes and gave them to Fei’er, “Help me hand these two messenger fish over to the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus army . In any case, we are on the same side now . ”

Fei’er nodded and received the two messenger fishes on Zhao Hai’s hand . Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “This Fei’er really admires Mister’s heart . Mister, rest assured, I will surely make Shan and Yue disregard any grudges between you and them . ” Zhao Hai gave a forced smile and then said, “That won’t be easy . Right, Mister Fei’er, I don’t know if you have any good weapons to deal with the Divine Race . If you want, I can give you some blood lightning javelins . ” Fei’er gawked, then his two eyes shone as he replied, “That would be great . Mister’s blood lightning javelins are more overbearing compared to the blood lightning beads that the Divine Race had . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly, but just before he was about to reply, his expression suddenly changed . Then he stood up, looked at Fei’er and said, “Mister Fei’er, I will prepare the javelins . When we fight the Divine Race, I will immediately send them over to you . I still have some matters to take care of, so I can’t remain here for long . ”

After Fei’er saw Zhao Hai’s expression, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment . However, he also stood up and said, “Alright, then I won’t hold mister here . ” Zhao Hai nodded before his figure vanished and appeared inside the Space .

The moment Zhao Hai appeared in the villa, he saw Laura looking at the screen . “What’s wrong?”, Zhao Hai said . Laura smiled bitterly as she replied, “Cai’er saw something . Ever since the underworld appeared in the Beastman Prairie, she made sure to scan the entire continent using the Space’s map . Today, she managed to discover something unusual on Blazing Island . ”

Just as Laura said that, Zhao Hai shifted his attention towards the screen . The screen was currently showing the image of Blazing Island . However, what he saw on the island made him astonished .





Blazing Island had volcanoes everywhere . Living among those volcanoes were various fire element beasts and plants . Although Zhao Hai took the fire crystals as well as the river of earth fire, the temperature of the island was still quite high . On the dormant volcanoes, one could even see beasts moving about here and there .

But now, something completely out of place appeared on the island . Not only does it not belong to the island, these things doesn’t belong to the Ark Continent . They were huge metallic men!

Zhao Hai inspected these metallic men . They was over ten meters high and looked delicately made . Their components were shining and most importantly, there were all kinds of magic formations drawn all over their body .

When Zhao Hai saw these magic formations, his pupils couldn’t help but shrink . At this point, Zhao Hai already had some understanding about the formations in the Ark Continent . However, Zhao Hai still couldn’t identify the magic formations on these metallic men . The magic formations were too complex .

At this time, Cai’er talked, “Young Master, the Space had recorded something that happened before . Come and take a look . ” Then the image on the screen changed into the same Blazing Island . But this time, there were several black spots seen on top of the island . These black spots moved very fast and before long they reached the island . Zhao Hai unexpectedly identified these black spots, they were aircraft!

Zhao Hai could swear that his eyes weren’t wrong . They were indeed aircraft . Zhao Hai stood up from his seat as he looked closely at the figures on the monitor .

After that, an exciting even happened . After flying around the island, the aircraft suddenly twisted its form . It’s metallic parts moved before forming into a huge metallic man!

Zhao Hai’s eyes almost went out of their sockets . Seeing these aircraft gave Zhao Hai excitement . This was because he only saw these kinds of aircraft back on Earth . The aircraft made him think that there might be a connection between Earth and the Ark Continent .

However, that idea soon faded when the aircraft transformed . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but shake his head . This aircraft was obviously a transformer! What is going on!?

Under the feet, in the middle of the palm, and at the back of these figures were flames shooting out . Before long, they slowly landed on the island .

When the magic beasts and flame demons spotted these metallic figures, they immediately charged in to attack .

However, these transformers just lifted their hands and shot out white lights towards the attackers . Almost immediately, the magic beasts let out a miserable cry before their bodies totally disintegrated . The flame demons might have resisted for some time but they too were erased by the white light .





However, these transformers just lifted their hands and shot out white lights towards the attackers . Almost immediately, the magic beasts let out a miserable cry before their bodies totally disintegrated . The flame demons might have resisted for some time but they too were erased by the white light .

Then the transformers made a fist and withdrew their attack . After that, their chests opened up and men came out of the metallic bodies .

As soon as he saw this, Zhao Hai understood . These weren’t transformers at all . These metallic men were machines controlled by people . Just like mechas that were written about back on Earth .

However, most of the mechas seen on novels were purely made out of technology . On the other hand, these mechas actually had a lot of magic formations . What is this?

Even more surprised than Zhao Hai were Laura and the others . They had no prior experience about these things . Because of that, they were all shocked by what they saw on the monitor .

Zhao Hai slowly sat down and closed his eyes . Then suddenly, something flashed inside his mind . He had read about something similar before, iron golems!

These things were indeed similar to the iron golems that he read before . However, these machines were more complicated in comparison . This caused some doubts within Zhao Hai’s mind .

Zhao Hai waved his hand and summoned a God-rank Divine . Then Zhao Hai beckoned towards the screen and said, “You, have you seen these things? Or maybe heard about them? What are those things?”

The God-rank Divine looked at the iron golems and then said, “I saw something similar . In the past, the Goblins used to make these things . However, those made by the Goblins weren’t this defined . Moreover, they act very slow and weren’t too useful . As for exactly those, I really haven’t seen them before . ”

Zhao Hai stored the undead back before he let out a long breath, “It seems like another new plane has connected to the Ark Continent . ”

The women looked at each other and saw the surprise on each others’ eyes . These things were quite new to them . Moreover, these metallic beings were very powerful . One must know that the beings in Blazing Island were almost 9th rank in strength . But even in their situation, they still couldn’t stop the metallic beings .

Laura and the others can also understand Zhao Hai’s current feeling . This matter was truly quite annoying . They were yet to find a way to deal with the Underworld but now another plane came . Zhao Hai was currently feeling like he was being bullied by fate!





Laura and the others can also understand Zhao Hai’s current feeling . This matter was truly quite annoying . They were yet to find a way to deal with the Underworld but now another plane came . Zhao Hai was currently feeling like he was being bullied by fate!

Laura let out a sigh as well as she said, “Yet another plane connected to the Ark Continent . What happened to the Ark Continent? Did it’s barrier really got damaged that far?”

The group smiled bitterly . They held the same feeling as Laura . It seems like the Ark Continent’s barrier had been rendered useless .

Zhao Hai suddenly stood up and said, “I’ll go see them . I want to see whether I can communicate with them . If we could talk, then I’d ask how they arrived at the Ark Continent . ”

The expression of the women immediately changed . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, it’s better if you don’t go . It’s too dangerous . You saw the attack made by those people, they’re too strong . ”

Zhao Hai patted Laura’s hand and said, “Rest assured, nothing bad will happen . With my current strength, those people could do nothing to me . ”

Naturally, Laura was quite confident in Zhao Hai’s strength . However, the attacks made by those mechas were just too strange . There was a white light and then the magic beasts just disintegrated . This wasn’t an attack that they had seen before .

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, “I’ll be fine, don’t worry . I promise you that the moment they attack, I will immediately go back to the Space . ”

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and knew that there was no way to prevent Zhao Hai from knowing . Therefore, she just said, “Brother Hai, if they decide to attack, then immediately go back . Don’t fight with them . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Rest assured, I will be safe . Alright, I’m going now . ” Then Zhao Hai’s figure flashed as he went out of the Space . Laura and the others immediately turned their attention back to the screen to look at Zhao Hai’s situation .

Zhao Hai didn’t directly appear on Blazing Island . Instead, he appeared a distance away and then flew towards the island .

Zhao Hai saw that the skill of these people wasn’t that high . One could say that their strength was mainly dependent on the mechas . At this time, these people were resting on the island, outside from their iron golems . One could say that they couldn’t provide any threat to Zhao Hai .

ZHao Hai slowly flew towards the island . At the same time, he also instructed Cai’er to pay attention to the actions of those people . They seem to be resting on the island, leisurely talking and laughing there .



Zhao Hai saw that the skill of these people wasn’t that high . One could say that their strength was mainly dependent on the mechas . At this time, these people were resting on the island, outside from their iron golems . One could say that they couldn’t provide any threat to Zhao Hai .

ZHao Hai slowly flew towards the island . At the same time, he also instructed Cai’er to pay attention to the actions of those people . They seem to be resting on the island, leisurely talking and laughing there .

When Zhao Hai was not far from the island, these people finally moved . They quickly ran towards the iron golem and then started them up . However, they didn’t make a move as they just stood there and waited for Zhao Hai .

After being informed about this, Zhao Hai didn’t stop . Instead, he even sped up . He knew that this people doesn’t intend to attack him . It was for certain that they also wanted to know where this was . Therefore, they would want to communicate with him .

Before long, Zhao Hai arrived on Blazing island . He also saw the huge mechas . However, he didn’t show the fact that he had seen them before . Instead, he showed a shocked and curious appearance .

He slowly descended on the island as he stared at the mechas . When he was about a couple of steps away, he stopped . Then he proceeded to circle the mecha looking like someone who just discovered something new, ignorant about the fact that it might be dangerous .

Naturally, Zhao Hai was just acting out a play . He wanted these people to think that he had just accidentally came here to see these mechas .

While Zhao Hai was doing his thing, the person inside the mecha couldn’t wait anymore as a sound came out, “&#%@…”

After hearing this, Zhao Hai’s heart suddenly sank . This was because he couldn’t understand what this person just said . If there’s a language barrier, then it would be difficult to communicate . It might even result in some misunderstandings between the two parties .

However, Zhao Hai continued his play as he made a scared expression and loudly said, “What are you? How did you appear on Blazing Island?”

Zhao Hai knew that the opposite party would be unable to understand his words . However, this action still needed to be acted out .



Chapter 832 – Transformers? Mecha? What!?.

Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So Mister’s plan is?”.

Zhao Hai replied, “We must attack, as soon as possible and in the shortest time . We need to attack the Taurus Divines while they still have a hold on their continent . This way, we lessen the chance of other continents joining the fight . ”.

Fei’er knit his brows and said, “Of course, it would be best if we attack immediately . However, if we are too aggressive, then we might exhaust our resources . If the other continents come, then we won’t have any energy left to resist . ” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It would be worse if we don’t attack . The Divines should have already acquired the news by now and had gone to prepare themselves . If we don’t go at them hard, then things would be more troublesome for us . ”.

Fei’er thought for a moment and then nodded, “We don’t have any problems with that . And just like you said, the Divines should have already heard of what happened here and have been prepared . However, at this time, I still have no way to get in touch with my people . There’s no way for me to tell them about our decision . I’m afraid they won’t be ready to cooperate when the time comes . ”.

Zhao Hai thought about it and then said, “When we enter the Divine Realm and make our initial attack, you could use that opportunity to contact your people . Right, I’ll give this to you . This is a messenger fish, you can call me on this thing . If anything happens, use it . ”.

Fei’er gawked as he received the messenger fish . Fei’er looked curiously at the small fish . Zhao Hai didn’t say anything for a moment before he took out two messenger fishes and gave them to Fei’er, “Help me hand these two messenger fish over to the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus army . In any case, we are on the same side now . ”.

Fei’er nodded and received the two messenger fishes on Zhao Hai’s hand . Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “This Fei’er really admires Mister’s heart . Mister, rest assured, I will surely make Shan and Yue disregard any grudges between you and them . ” Zhao Hai gave a forced smile and then said, “That won’t be easy . Right, Mister Fei’er, I don’t know if you have any good weapons to deal with the Divine Race . If you want, I can give you some blood lightning javelins . ” Fei’er gawked, then his two eyes shone as he replied, “That would be great . Mister’s blood lightning javelins are more overbearing compared to the blood lightning beads that the Divine Race had . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly, but just before he was about to reply, his expression suddenly changed . Then he stood up, looked at Fei’er and said, “Mister Fei’er, I will prepare the javelins . When we fight the Divine Race, I will immediately send them over to you . I still have some matters to take care of, so I can’t remain here for long . ”.

After Fei’er saw Zhao Hai’s expression, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment . However, he also stood up and said, “Alright, then I won’t hold mister here . ” Zhao Hai nodded before his figure vanished and appeared inside the Space

The moment Zhao Hai appeared in the villa, he saw Laura looking at the screen . “What’s wrong?”, Zhao Hai said . Laura smiled bitterly as she replied, “Cai’er saw something . Ever since the underworld appeared in the Beastman Prairie, she made sure to scan the entire continent using the Space’s map . Today, she managed to discover something unusual on Blazing Island . ”.

Just as Laura said that, Zhao Hai shifted his attention towards the screen . The screen was currently showing the image of Blazing Island . However, what he saw on the island made him astonished

Blazing Island had volcanoes everywhere . Living among those volcanoes were various fire element beasts and plants . Although Zhao Hai took the fire crystals as well as the river of earth fire, the temperature of the island was still quite high . On the dormant volcanoes, one could even see beasts moving about here and there

But now, something completely out of place appeared on the island . Not only does it not belong to the island, these things doesn’t belong to the Ark Continent . They were huge metallic men!.

Zhao Hai inspected these metallic men . They was over ten meters high and looked delicately made . Their components were shining and most importantly, there were all kinds of magic formations drawn all over their body

When Zhao Hai saw these magic formations, his pupils couldn’t help but shrink . At this point, Zhao Hai already had some understanding about the formations in the Ark Continent . However, Zhao Hai still couldn’t identify the magic formations on these metallic men . The magic formations were too complex

At this time, Cai’er talked, “Young Master, the Space had recorded something that happened before . Come and take a look . ” Then the image on the screen changed into the same Blazing Island . But this time, there were several black spots seen on top of the island . These black spots moved very fast and before long they reached the island . Zhao Hai unexpectedly identified these black spots, they were aircraft!.

Zhao Hai could swear that his eyes weren’t wrong . They were indeed aircraft . Zhao Hai stood up from his seat as he looked closely at the figures on the monitor

After that, an exciting even happened . After flying around the island, the aircraft suddenly twisted its form . It’s metallic parts moved before forming into a huge metallic man!.

Zhao Hai’s eyes almost went out of their sockets . Seeing these aircraft gave Zhao Hai excitement . This was because he only saw these kinds of aircraft back on Earth . The aircraft made him think that there might be a connection between Earth and the Ark Continent

However, that idea soon faded when the aircraft transformed . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but shake his head . This aircraft was obviously a transformer! What is going on!?.

Under the feet, in the middle of the palm, and at the back of these figures were flames shooting out . Before long, they slowly landed on the island

When the magic beasts and flame demons spotted these metallic figures, they immediately charged in to attack

However, these transformers just lifted their hands and shot out white lights towards the attackers . Almost immediately, the magic beasts let out a miserable cry before their bodies totally disintegrated . The flame demons might have resisted for some time but they too were erased by the white light

Then the transformers made a fist and withdrew their attack . After that, their chests opened up and men came out of the metallic bodies

As soon as he saw this, Zhao Hai understood . These weren’t transformers at all . These metallic men were machines controlled by people . Just like mechas that were written about back on Earth

However, most of the mechas seen on novels were purely made out of technology . On the other hand, these mechas actually had a lot of magic formations . What is this?.

Even more surprised than Zhao Hai were Laura and the others . They had no prior experience about these things . Because of that, they were all shocked by what they saw on the monitor

Zhao Hai slowly sat down and closed his eyes . Then suddenly, something flashed inside his mind . He had read about something similar before, iron golems!.

These things were indeed similar to the iron golems that he read before . However, these machines were more complicated in comparison . This caused some doubts within Zhao Hai’s mind

Zhao Hai waved his hand and summoned a God-rank Divine . Then Zhao Hai beckoned towards the screen and said, “You, have you seen these things? Or maybe heard about them? What are those things?”.

The God-rank Divine looked at the iron golems and then said, “I saw something similar . In the past, the Goblins used to make these things . However, those made by the Goblins weren’t this defined . Moreover, they act very slow and weren’t too useful . As for exactly those, I really haven’t seen them before . ”.

Zhao Hai stored the undead back before he let out a long breath, “It seems like another new plane has connected to the Ark Continent . ”.

The women looked at each other and saw the surprise on each others’ eyes . These things were quite new to them . Moreover, these metallic beings were very powerful . One must know that the beings in Blazing Island were almost 9th rank in strength . But even in their situation, they still couldn’t stop the metallic beings

Laura and the others can also understand Zhao Hai’s current feeling . This matter was truly quite annoying . They were yet to find a way to deal with the Underworld but now another plane came . Zhao Hai was currently feeling like he was being bullied by fate!.

Laura let out a sigh as well as she said, “Yet another plane connected to the Ark Continent . What happened to the Ark Continent? Did it’s barrier really got damaged that far?”.

The group smiled bitterly . They held the same feeling as Laura . It seems like the Ark Continent’s barrier had been rendered useless

Zhao Hai suddenly stood up and said, “I’ll go see them . I want to see whether I can communicate with them . If we could talk, then I’d ask how they arrived at the Ark Continent . ”.

The expression of the women immediately changed . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, it’s better if you don’t go . It’s too dangerous . You saw the attack made by those people, they’re too strong . ”.

Zhao Hai patted Laura’s hand and said, “Rest assured, nothing bad will happen . With my current strength, those people could do nothing to me . ”.

Naturally, Laura was quite confident in Zhao Hai’s strength . However, the attacks made by those mechas were just too strange . There was a white light and then the magic beasts just disintegrated . This wasn’t an attack that they had seen before

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, “I’ll be fine, don’t worry . I promise you that the moment they attack, I will immediately go back to the Space . ”.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and knew that there was no way to prevent Zhao Hai from knowing . Therefore, she just said, “Brother Hai, if they decide to attack, then immediately go back . Don’t fight with them . ”.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Rest assured, I will be safe . Alright, I’m going now . ” Then Zhao Hai’s figure flashed as he went out of the Space . Laura and the others immediately turned their attention back to the screen to look at Zhao Hai’s situation

Zhao Hai didn’t directly appear on Blazing Island . Instead, he appeared a distance away and then flew towards the island

Zhao Hai saw that the skill of these people wasn’t that high . One could say that their strength was mainly dependent on the mechas . At this time, these people were resting on the island, outside from their iron golems . One could say that they couldn’t provide any threat to Zhao Hai

ZHao Hai slowly flew towards the island . At the same time, he also instructed Cai’er to pay attention to the actions of those people . They seem to be resting on the island, leisurely talking and laughing there

When Zhao Hai was not far from the island, these people finally moved . They quickly ran towards the iron golem and then started them up . However, they didn’t make a move as they just stood there and waited for Zhao Hai

After being informed about this, Zhao Hai didn’t stop . Instead, he even sped up . He knew that this people doesn’t intend to attack him . It was for certain that they also wanted to know where this was . Therefore, they would want to communicate with him

Before long, Zhao Hai arrived on Blazing island . He also saw the huge mechas . However, he didn’t show the fact that he had seen them before . Instead, he showed a shocked and curious appearance

He slowly descended on the island as he stared at the mechas . When he was about a couple of steps away, he stopped . Then he proceeded to circle the mecha looking like someone who just discovered something new, ignorant about the fact that it might be dangerous

Naturally, Zhao Hai was just acting out a play . He wanted these people to think that he had just accidentally came here to see these mechas

While Zhao Hai was doing his thing, the person inside the mecha couldn’t wait anymore as a sound came out, “&#%@…”.

After hearing this, Zhao Hai’s heart suddenly sank . This was because he couldn’t understand what this person just said . If there’s a language barrier, then it would be difficult to communicate . It might even result in some misunderstandings between the two parties

However, Zhao Hai continued his play as he made a scared expression and loudly said, “What are you? How did you appear on Blazing Island?”.

Zhao Hai knew that the opposite party would be unable to understand his words . However, this action still needed to be acted out





* * *

Chapter 833 – Atlanta Plane

The other party turned silent . While Zhao Hai was wondering about the other party’s reaction, a voice suddenly came from the mecha, “Hello, where is this place?”

What was heard was definitely the language of the Ark Continent . However, the tone was very awkward . It was just like how foreigners sound when they first studied chinese .

Zhao Hai stared blankly, he didn’t think that these people could actually speak the Ark Continent’s language . He looked at the mechas in front of him and asked once more . “Who are you? How did you appear on Blazing Island?”

Naturally, these people had seen Zhao Hai descend from the sky, therefore they didn’t dare underestimate him . The huge metal figures immediately arranged themselves into a row before one of the chest plates swung open . A person walked out and went forward to greet Zhao Hai . He placed his hand on his chest as he gave a short bow and said, “Mister, I am the captain of the fifth squad of the Atlanta Continent’s Flying Armor army . Eagle squad leader Axe . We arrived here by going through a spatial rift . Mister, where is this?”

Zhao Hai looked at Squad leader Axe and then returned the salute as he said, “Hello, this place is called Blazing Island, south of the Ark Continent . I am Ark Continent’s Buda Clan Patriarch, Zhao Hai Buda . ”

Axe looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So it is Patriarch Zhao Hai . Patriarch, please feel at ease . We didn’t come with hostile intentions . Sir, please come and take a seat . ” Then Axe took a few steps forward before arriving at an open area . Zhao Hai looked at the mechas standing there before he followed Axe and then sat down .

After Axe sat down, he turned his hand and took out two pieces of dried meat . He gave on of them to Zhao Hai and said, “Since we’re far away from home, I don’t have anything delicious to offer . I hope the Patriarch wouldn’t laugh at my dried meat . Please have a taste . ”





Zhao Hai looked at Axe’s smug look and smirked inside . Axe seems to be proud of his spatial item . Zhao Hai smiled faintly before he also turned his hand to take out two bottles of beer . He gave Axe one of the bottles before he said, “Since we’re out here in the open, why don’t we drink some liquor? I also want mister have a taste of my Buda Clan’s special beer . ”

When Axe saw Zhao Hai take out two bottles of beer, his pupils couldn’t help but shrink . Zhao Hai might not know about it, but spatial items were also very rare in the Atlanta Continent . Although Axe was just a squad leader, his identity wasn’t simple . The reason why he himself had a spatial item was because he was the heir of a Great Clan in the Continent . Since he loved adventure, he took the chance to enter the spatial rift along with his men .

Naturally, the people who came with Axe weren’t ordinary people . All of them were famed experts in the Atlanta Continent . Their magic armors were among the advanced ones in the army .

Since Axe had his current status, he felt the need to show off the fact that he held a spatial item to Zhao Hai . He wanted to see Zhao Hai’s reaction .

In the mind of Axe, Zhao Hai doing things on his own despite being a Patriarch only meant that Zhao Hai’s family wasn’t strong . In turn, Zhao Hai should not have the position to hold a spatial item . If Zhao Hai sees his spatial item and reveals his greed, then Axe would have the excuse to be impolite to Zhao Hai .

However, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai himself would also have a spatial equipment . Moreover, it seems like Zhao Hai treated these items as though they were nothing significant .

Axe couldn’t help but smile bitterly inside . He wanted to test the other party but in the end he came up with nothing . So Axe just received Zhao Hai’s bottle of beer before taking the top off and taking a drink .

However, it was quite obvious that Axe wasn’t used to drinking beer . He only took a sip and frowned slightly before he placed the bottle at the side . Then he took a bite out of his dried meat before he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Patriarch, you said that this is the Ark Continent? May I know the continent’s structure?”





However, it was quite obvious that Axe wasn’t used to drinking beer . He only took a sip and frowned slightly before he placed the bottle at the side . Then he took a bite out of his dried meat before he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Patriarch, you said that this is the Ark Continent? May I know the continent’s structure?”

Zhao Hai observed Axe . From Axe’s performance, it showed that he wasn’t just any ordinary squad leader . His every move and speech was controlled, obviously showing that he had undergone etiquette training . It seems like Axe’s status wasn’t low .

After hearing Axe’s question, Zhao Hai didn’t mind hiding things . Although he couldn’t reveal the continent’s current state, he can just tell Axe prior knowledge .

Zhao Hai paused for a moment before he replied, “We are at the Ark Continent . The continent is mostly comprised of one large landmass . Where we are today is called Blazing Island, a small island south of the continent . The island has volcanic eruptions all throughout the four seasons . The island has strong fire beasts and flame devils . Because of this, it was named as one of the continent’s forbidden areas . The humans in the Ark Continent are divided among five empires; the Radiant Empire, the Buddha Empire, the Lyon Empire, the Rosen Empire, and the Aksu Empire . Besides the five empires, there are also four other races . There sea’s Fishman race, the prairie’s Beastmen, iron mountains’ Dwarves, and the Elven Forest’s Elves . ”

Axe eagerly listened to Zhao Hai’s introduction . After Zhao Hai’s statement, Axe asked once more, “Patriarch, which Empire does your family belong to? Do you have a lot of enemies in the continent?”

Zhao Hai sported an arrogant expression as he said, “My Buda Clan is the continent’s most powerful family . I myself am a hereditary marquis of the Rosen Empire and the strongest 9th rank expert . ”

Axe had a confused expression as he looked at Zhao Hai, “Patriarch, the strongest people in the continent are 9th ranks? How can you determine a person’s strength?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The Ark Continent’s professions are divided into two, namely warriors and mages . And both of them are divided into 9 levels, from 1st rank to 9th rank . You advance by improving your own strength . Once you receive the blessing of the heavens and granted flight, then you can be said to be a 9th rank expert . ”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Axe’s eyes shone, then he said, “So it’s that . I didn’t think that there would also be warriors and mages in the Ark Continent . ”





Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Axe’s eyes shone, then he said, “So it’s that . I didn’t think that there would also be warriors and mages in the Ark Continent . ”

Now it was Zhao Hai’s turn to ask, “So mister means that there are also warriors and mages in the Atlanta Continent?”

Axe proudly lifted his chin as he replied, “Right . However, the professions in our continent are divided into three; warrior, mage, and magic armor master . ”

Zhao Hai took a glance at the mechas and said, “These magic armors are truly mysterious . Metallic beings this large are actually able to move . It’s quite astonishing . ”

Axe couldn’t hide his arrogance, “Naturally, these magic armors are the product of several thousand years of research . Their fighting strength is formidable . However, becoming a magic armor master isn’t that easy . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Axe and asked, “It seems like the Atlanta Continent is more formidable than my Ark Continent . Can mister introduce me to the Atlanta Continent?”

Axe looked at Zhao Hai and snorted, “Originally, the Atlanta Continent is one large piece of land . After a huge war, the continent is divided into three continents; the warrior continent, the mage continent, and the magic armor master continent . Where I’m from is the magic armor master continent . Since childhood I’ve been immersed in the research and manufacturing of magic armors . However, there are also children who studied as either the warrior path or the mage path since childhood . The experts of our three continents are divided into 12 ranks . It is somewhat different to the Ark Continent, but it has similarities . After becoming 9th rank, one would be able to fly . Moreover, ranks ten to twelve have many times more strength compared to 9th ranks . ”

Upon hearing Axe’s explanation, Zhao Hai concluded that the Atlanta Continent was the same type of plane as the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm, planes a cut above the Ark Continent . Ranks 10 to 12 should correspond to Demigods, Gods, and Saint Gods . It seems like the Atlanta Continent wasn’t so simple after all .

Zhao Hai also noticed that the way Axe talked to him had changed . Axe suddenly became high sounding that it made Zhao Hai feel uncomfortable . However, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything, he just kept listening to Axe’s babble .



Upon hearing Axe’s explanation, Zhao Hai concluded that the Atlanta Continent was the same type of plane as the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm, planes a cut above the Ark Continent . Ranks 10 to 12 should correspond to Demigods, Gods, and Saint Gods . It seems like the Atlanta Continent wasn’t so simple after all .

Zhao Hai also noticed that the way Axe talked to him had changed . Axe suddenly became high sounding that it made Zhao Hai feel uncomfortable . However, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything, he just kept listening to Axe’s babble .

After Axe’s explanation, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister might not believe it, but the magic armor of my squad are all 9th rank transforming armors . Let me show you . ” Then as Axe waved his hand, his magic armor spouted blue flames on its foot, palm, and back . The metal armor flew up into the sky as it folded itself and transformed into an aircraft before zooming out into the horizon .

Zhao Hai looked at this in shock . Although he had seen the magic armor’s transformation on the screen, the impact in seeing it in person was too strong .

Now that he sat in front of this transforming mech, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . This caused him to have a dumbfounded look .

Axe paid close attention to Zhao Hai’s appearance . After seeing Zhao Hai’s reaction, Axe couldn’t help but laugh deep inside . At the same time, he also felt proud of his magic armor .

Axe didn’t reveal this information, but the strength of the Atlanta Continent was also quite formidable . Their research towards magic formation was extremely profound . And like the Divine Race, the people in the Atlanta Continent had also managed to conquer several planes .

Since they were still unaware of how strong the Ark Continent was, they were polite upon arriving . But after Zhao Hai revealed the state of the continent, Axe knew that the plane he was on was inferior compared to the Atlanta Continent . Because of this, his plan became more and more obvious . At this time, Axe was thinking that after he went back, he would immediately request his clan to dispatch troops and conquer the Ark Continent!



Chapter 833 – Atlanta Plane.

The other party turned silent . While Zhao Hai was wondering about the other party’s reaction, a voice suddenly came from the mecha, “Hello, where is this place?”.

What was heard was definitely the language of the Ark Continent . However, the tone was very awkward . It was just like how foreigners sound when they first studied chinese

Zhao Hai stared blankly, he didn’t think that these people could actually speak the Ark Continent’s language . He looked at the mechas in front of him and asked once more . “Who are you? How did you appear on Blazing Island?”.

Naturally, these people had seen Zhao Hai descend from the sky, therefore they didn’t dare underestimate him . The huge metal figures immediately arranged themselves into a row before one of the chest plates swung open . A person walked out and went forward to greet Zhao Hai . He placed his hand on his chest as he gave a short bow and said, “Mister, I am the captain of the fifth squad of the Atlanta Continent’s Flying Armor army . Eagle squad leader Axe . We arrived here by going through a spatial rift . Mister, where is this?”.

Zhao Hai looked at Squad leader Axe and then returned the salute as he said, “Hello, this place is called Blazing Island, south of the Ark Continent . I am Ark Continent’s Buda Clan Patriarch, Zhao Hai Buda . ”.

Axe looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So it is Patriarch Zhao Hai . Patriarch, please feel at ease . We didn’t come with hostile intentions . Sir, please come and take a seat . ” Then Axe took a few steps forward before arriving at an open area . Zhao Hai looked at the mechas standing there before he followed Axe and then sat down

After Axe sat down, he turned his hand and took out two pieces of dried meat . He gave on of them to Zhao Hai and said, “Since we’re far away from home, I don’t have anything delicious to offer . I hope the Patriarch wouldn’t laugh at my dried meat . Please have a taste . ”.

Zhao Hai looked at Axe’s smug look and smirked inside . Axe seems to be proud of his spatial item . Zhao Hai smiled faintly before he also turned his hand to take out two bottles of beer . He gave Axe one of the bottles before he said, “Since we’re out here in the open, why don’t we drink some liquor? I also want mister have a taste of my Buda Clan’s special beer . ”.

When Axe saw Zhao Hai take out two bottles of beer, his pupils couldn’t help but shrink . Zhao Hai might not know about it, but spatial items were also very rare in the Atlanta Continent . Although Axe was just a squad leader, his identity wasn’t simple . The reason why he himself had a spatial item was because he was the heir of a Great Clan in the Continent . Since he loved adventure, he took the chance to enter the spatial rift along with his men

Naturally, the people who came with Axe weren’t ordinary people . All of them were famed experts in the Atlanta Continent . Their magic armors were among the advanced ones in the army

Since Axe had his current status, he felt the need to show off the fact that he held a spatial item to Zhao Hai . He wanted to see Zhao Hai’s reaction

In the mind of Axe, Zhao Hai doing things on his own despite being a Patriarch only meant that Zhao Hai’s family wasn’t strong . In turn, Zhao Hai should not have the position to hold a spatial item . If Zhao Hai sees his spatial item and reveals his greed, then Axe would have the excuse to be impolite to Zhao Hai

However, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai himself would also have a spatial equipment . Moreover, it seems like Zhao Hai treated these items as though they were nothing significant

Axe couldn’t help but smile bitterly inside . He wanted to test the other party but in the end he came up with nothing . So Axe just received Zhao Hai’s bottle of beer before taking the top off and taking a drink

However, it was quite obvious that Axe wasn’t used to drinking beer . He only took a sip and frowned slightly before he placed the bottle at the side . Then he took a bite out of his dried meat before he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Patriarch, you said that this is the Ark Continent? May I know the continent’s structure?”.

Zhao Hai observed Axe . From Axe’s performance, it showed that he wasn’t just any ordinary squad leader . His every move and speech was controlled, obviously showing that he had undergone etiquette training . It seems like Axe’s status wasn’t low

After hearing Axe’s question, Zhao Hai didn’t mind hiding things . Although he couldn’t reveal the continent’s current state, he can just tell Axe prior knowledge

Zhao Hai paused for a moment before he replied, “We are at the Ark Continent . The continent is mostly comprised of one large landmass . Where we are today is called Blazing Island, a small island south of the continent . The island has volcanic eruptions all throughout the four seasons . The island has strong fire beasts and flame devils . Because of this, it was named as one of the continent’s forbidden areas . The humans in the Ark Continent are divided among five empires; the Radiant Empire, the Buddha Empire, the Lyon Empire, the Rosen Empire, and the Aksu Empire . Besides the five empires, there are also four other races . There sea’s Fishman race, the prairie’s Beastmen, iron mountains’ Dwarves, and the Elven Forest’s Elves . ”.

Axe eagerly listened to Zhao Hai’s introduction . After Zhao Hai’s statement, Axe asked once more, “Patriarch, which Empire does your family belong to? Do you have a lot of enemies in the continent?”.

Zhao Hai sported an arrogant expression as he said, “My Buda Clan is the continent’s most powerful family . I myself am a hereditary marquis of the Rosen Empire and the strongest 9th rank expert . ”.

Axe had a confused expression as he looked at Zhao Hai, “Patriarch, the strongest people in the continent are 9th ranks? How can you determine a person’s strength?”.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The Ark Continent’s professions are divided into two, namely warriors and mages . And both of them are divided into 9 levels, from 1st rank to 9th rank . You advance by improving your own strength . Once you receive the blessing of the heavens and granted flight, then you can be said to be a 9th rank expert . ”.

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Axe’s eyes shone, then he said, “So it’s that . I didn’t think that there would also be warriors and mages in the Ark Continent . ”.

Now it was Zhao Hai’s turn to ask, “So mister means that there are also warriors and mages in the Atlanta Continent?”.

Axe proudly lifted his chin as he replied, “Right . However, the professions in our continent are divided into three; warrior, mage, and magic armor master . ”.

Zhao Hai took a glance at the mechas and said, “These magic armors are truly mysterious . Metallic beings this large are actually able to move . It’s quite astonishing . ”.

Axe couldn’t hide his arrogance, “Naturally, these magic armors are the product of several thousand years of research . Their fighting strength is formidable . However, becoming a magic armor master isn’t that easy . ”.

Zhao Hai looked at Axe and asked, “It seems like the Atlanta Continent is more formidable than my Ark Continent . Can mister introduce me to the Atlanta Continent?”.

Axe looked at Zhao Hai and snorted, “Originally, the Atlanta Continent is one large piece of land . After a huge war, the continent is divided into three continents; the warrior continent, the mage continent, and the magic armor master continent . Where I’m from is the magic armor master continent . Since childhood I’ve been immersed in the research and manufacturing of magic armors . However, there are also children who studied as either the warrior path or the mage path since childhood . The experts of our three continents are divided into 12 ranks . It is somewhat different to the Ark Continent, but it has similarities . After becoming 9th rank, one would be able to fly . Moreover, ranks ten to twelve have many times more strength compared to 9th ranks . ”.

Upon hearing Axe’s explanation, Zhao Hai concluded that the Atlanta Continent was the same type of plane as the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm, planes a cut above the Ark Continent . Ranks 10 to 12 should correspond to Demigods, Gods, and Saint Gods . It seems like the Atlanta Continent wasn’t so simple after all

Zhao Hai also noticed that the way Axe talked to him had changed . Axe suddenly became high sounding that it made Zhao Hai feel uncomfortable . However, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything, he just kept listening to Axe’s babble

After Axe’s explanation, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister might not believe it, but the magic armor of my squad are all 9th rank transforming armors . Let me show you . ” Then as Axe waved his hand, his magic armor spouted blue flames on its foot, palm, and back . The metal armor flew up into the sky as it folded itself and transformed into an aircraft before zooming out into the horizon

Zhao Hai looked at this in shock . Although he had seen the magic armor’s transformation on the screen, the impact in seeing it in person was too strong

Now that he sat in front of this transforming mech, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . This caused him to have a dumbfounded look

Axe paid close attention to Zhao Hai’s appearance . After seeing Zhao Hai’s reaction, Axe couldn’t help but laugh deep inside . At the same time, he also felt proud of his magic armor

Axe didn’t reveal this information, but the strength of the Atlanta Continent was also quite formidable . Their research towards magic formation was extremely profound . And like the Divine Race, the people in the Atlanta Continent had also managed to conquer several planes

Since they were still unaware of how strong the Ark Continent was, they were polite upon arriving . But after Zhao Hai revealed the state of the continent, Axe knew that the plane he was on was inferior compared to the Atlanta Continent . Because of this, his plan became more and more obvious . At this time, Axe was thinking that after he went back, he would immediately request his clan to dispatch troops and conquer the Ark Continent!.





* * *













  834: 834

Chapter 834 – Mutual Plan



Among the things that Axe withheld was the fact that there were no countries in the Atlanta Plane . Instead, families hold the power over everything . And also, Axe’s family was the most famous family in the Magic Armor Master Continent, the O’Neil Family . Finally, Axe was to be the O’neil Family’s next Patriarch .



In the Atlanta Plane, the power held by families was extremely inflated, they could even reach the same as those held by Empires . Under those Great Clans were other small families that serve them . Moreover, if a family conquers a plane, then that plane would become their own territory, further increasing the strength of that family .



But although the O’Neil family was the most famed family in the Magic Armor Master Continent, they were still yet to conquer a plane . This caused their strength to be inferior to other Great Clans .



The Atlanta Plane was different from the Divine Realm . The Divines were able to know which planes were around them . And once they know the plane, they would also know how to go there . Because of this, the Divines could just break that plane’s barrier and then proceed to conquer it .



On the other hand, the Atlanta Plane doesn’t have that ability . They don’t know whether there were any planes close to them, in turn, they won’t know where those planes were . Because of this, it would be difficult for them to seek a plane and conquer it .



The people in the Atlanta Plane would just set up a magic formation on a random place and hope for the best . This magic formation would only activate once a plane’s barrier was close . Otherwise, the magic formation would just ruin itself .



In the past, the Atlanta Continent had conquered planes using this method . However, the O’Neil family was quite unfortunate . They had arranged these magic formations many times, however, they were yet to get lucky in finding another plane . These actions brought losses to the family . One must know that arranging these magic formations wasn’t cheap . Otherwise, everyone would arrange these formations everywhere .



This time, the O’Neil family finally got their lucky break . Several days before, Axe heard a report from his subordinate that a spatial rift had appeared in a remote mountain valley inside the O’Neil family’s domain . Moreover, the rift was getting bigger and bigger .



After hearing this report, the entire O’Neil family was shaken . Their first thought wasn’t happiness, instead it was fear . They were afraid that a high-level plane had found them and broke through the plane’s barrier . They thought of this because this was the same as what they did to the lower planes .



Because of this, the O’Neil family immediately barricaded the mountain valley . They also blocked information about this rift from coming out . While the family was contemplating on what to do, Alex’s adventurous side rose up . He took his strongest and most loyal men with him and entered the spatial rift . Thus, they appeared on the Ark Continent .



Upon arriving on the island, Axe immediately felt relief . If this spatial rift was arranged artificially, then people would’ve been present on the other side of the rift . It would be impossible for those people to just leave their rift in the middle of nowhere .



However, Axe didn’t immediately send word back to the family . He wanted to take a look at this new plane first . Because of this, he immediately commanded his men to fly around randomly . Just as they were travelling southward, they came upon Blazing Island . It was here that they were detected by Cai’er .



Axe wanted to talk to Zhao Hai because he wanted to know the strength of the Ark Continent . If the Ark Continent was strong, then the O’Neil family would establish a business cooperation with them . However, if they were weak, then Axe would go back to his family and prepare for an invasion of the Ark Continent .



After getting the continent’s strength from Zhao Hai, Axe immediately knew that the opportunity has come for the O’Neil family . The Ark Continent was so weak that the O’Neil Family could easily usurp them .



Because of this thought, Axe’s tone got more and more arrogant as his conversation with Zhao Hai went on . Zhao Hai had met people like Axe before, so how could he miss the change of tone on Axe’s voice . However, Zhao Hai didn’t care . What he revealed to Axe was the original state of the Ark Continent . Naturally, the present Ark Continent was completely different compared to before . If Axe had any bad ideas for the continent, then it was his own fault for miscalculating .



After a short while, Axe’s mech went back and landed . Zhao Hai looked at the mech with envy as he said, “These things are truly wonderful . If the Rosen Empire had these, then we would have already conquered the rest of the continent . Mister Axe, i wonder if you can sell me a few of these . I just went forward to see the path and my fleet would be arriving in two days . Initially, we came to Blazing Island in order to get some special products to refine medicine with . I shall wait for my fleet to arrive . When they dock, I will approach mister for the trade . I will buy your magic armors no matter what price mister Axe wants . ”



When he heard Zhao Hai, Alex’s expression couldn’t help but change . It took a moment for Alex to calm down before he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this request, I can’t promise something to you right now . I need to head back to the family and discuss things, I’m sure they would be interested in the trade . If the family agrees, then we will send someone over to find you . What do you think?’



Zhao Hai had a regretful expression as he replied, “That’s a pity . Well, take this, this is my clan’s token . If mister’s family agrees to the trade, then you can bring this token to the Rosen Empire . When that time comes, my Buda Clan would definitely give you a warm welcome . ”



Axe received the thing that Zhao Hai handed over . From what he saw, it seems like a token made out of red crystal . It looked very refined . On the token were two characters that read ‘Buda’ .



Axe didn’t suspect anything as he held the token and said, “Alright . Mister, I’ll immediately head back to the family and discuss this matter . I can assure you that we’ll be swift in our reply . ” Zhao Hai nodded . Then Axe jumped into his mech as him and his team proceeded to fly southward .



Zhao Hai looked at Axe’s departing back . He sneered before his figure vanished and returned to the Space . Laura and the others were currently in the living room, their expressions quite difficult to behold . When Zhao Hai came, Laura immediately said, “Brother Hai, I hate that man . It’s obvious that he has bad ideas for the Ark Continent . His fake expression is too irritating to watch . ’



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine, there’s no need to be angry . I told him that I have my fleet behind me in order to see his reaction . If he doesn’t have any ill will towards us, then he would definitely stay and talk . But it seems like he did have bad ideas . If I hadn’t told him that I have my people behind me, then he would’ve already killed me in order to suppress the news . After all, his party mostly consisted of 9th ranks . If he isn’t sure that he can kill me and my fleet, then he wouldn’t act rashly . ”



Laura coldly snorted and said, “Just let them come . In any case, their presence would only make the Ark Continent even livelier . I want to see what their expression would be when they face the Divine Race and the Underworld . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Actually, this is also an opportunity for us . Once they appear in the Ark Continent, then that would be the best time to declare war on the Divine Race . When they arrive, we can slowly whittle them down . At that time, we would be able to obtain a batch of powerful magic armors . That would surely increase our strength . ”



At this time, Lizzy frowned and said, “Big Brother Hai, I’m sure you’ve also heard Axe say that their plane has experts up to 12th rank . In other words, God-ranks also exist in their plane . Their attack surely wouldn’t be weak . Can we deal with them?”



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “No matter which plane, strong experts are surely rare . Those at the top are the least populated group . Also, I don’t believe that Axe’s family is more powerful compared to the Taurus Divines . ”



Lizzy also thought of the same thing . No matter which race, it would be impossible for them to surpass the strength of the Divine Race . If God-ranks were that abundant, then the Ark Continent would’ve already fallen a long long time ago .



Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Brother Hai, what’s the deal with that token? Why do I feel like it’s the same as the blood ghost staff?”



Zhao Hai nodded, “You’re not wrong . That is a part of the staff . I wanted to try and see if I can separate a part of the staff from the main body . That small part would allow us to monitor the person . I didn’t expect that the experiment would be a success . Cai’er, show us the state of that fellow . ”



Cai’er immediately complied and changed the image on the screen . The display showed a very small space . Inside this space was a person wearing a type of helmet . There was also some kind of contraption attached on this person’s arms and legs . Moreover, it can be clearly seen that this person was Axe .



Chapter 834 – Mutual Plan Among the things that Axe withheld was the fact that there were no countries in the Atlanta Plane . Instead, families hold the power over everything . And also, Axe’s family was the most famous family in the Magic Armor Master Continent, the O’Neil Family . Finally, Axe was to be the O’neil Family’s next Patriarch . In the Atlanta Plane, the power held by families was extremely inflated, they could even reach the same as those held by Empires . Under those Great Clans were other small families that serve them . Moreover, if a family conquers a plane, then that plane would become their own territory, further increasing the strength of that family . But although the O’Neil family was the most famed family in the Magic Armor Master Continent, they were still yet to conquer a plane . This caused their strength to be inferior to other Great Clans . The Atlanta Plane was different from the Divine Realm . The Divines were able to know which planes were around them . And once they know the plane, they would also know how to go there . Because of this, the Divines could just break that plane’s barrier and then proceed to conquer it . On the other hand, the Atlanta Plane doesn’t have that ability . They don’t know whether there were any planes close to them, in turn, they won’t know where those planes were . Because of this, it would be difficult for them to seek a plane and conquer it . The people in the Atlanta Plane would just set up a magic formation on a random place and hope for the best . This magic formation would only activate once a plane’s barrier was close . Otherwise, the magic formation would just ruin itself . In the past, the Atlanta Continent had conquered planes using this method . However, the O’Neil family was quite unfortunate . They had arranged these magic formations many times, however, they were yet to get lucky in finding another plane . These actions brought losses to the family . One must know that arranging these magic formations wasn’t cheap . Otherwise, everyone would arrange these formations everywhere . This time, the O’Neil family finally got their lucky break . Several days before, Axe heard a report from his subordinate that a spatial rift had appeared in a remote mountain valley inside the O’Neil family’s domain . Moreover, the rift was getting bigger and bigger . After hearing this report, the entire O’Neil family was shaken . Their first thought wasn’t happiness, instead it was fear . They were afraid that a high-level plane had found them and broke through the plane’s barrier . They thought of this because this was the same as what they did to the lower planes . Because of this, the O’Neil family immediately barricaded the mountain valley . They also blocked information about this rift from coming out . While the family was contemplating on what to do, Alex’s adventurous side rose up . He took his strongest and most loyal men with him and entered the spatial rift . Thus, they appeared on the Ark Continent . Upon arriving on the island, Axe immediately felt relief . If this spatial rift was arranged artificially, then people would’ve been present on the other side of the rift . It would be impossible for those people to just leave their rift in the middle of nowhere . However, Axe didn’t immediately send word back to the family . He wanted to take a look at this new plane first . Because of this, he immediately commanded his men to fly around randomly . Just as they were travelling southward, they came upon Blazing Island . It was here that they were detected by Cai’er . Axe wanted to talk to Zhao Hai because he wanted to know the strength of the Ark Continent . If the Ark Continent was strong, then the O’Neil family would establish a business cooperation with them . However, if they were weak, then Axe would go back to his family and prepare for an invasion of the Ark Continent . After getting the continent’s strength from Zhao Hai, Axe immediately knew that the opportunity has come for the O’Neil family . The Ark Continent was so weak that the O’Neil Family could easily usurp them . Because of this thought, Axe’s tone got more and more arrogant as his conversation with Zhao Hai went on . Zhao Hai had met people like Axe before, so how could he miss the change of tone on Axe’s voice . However, Zhao Hai didn’t care . What he revealed to Axe was the original state of the Ark Continent . Naturally, the present Ark Continent was completely different compared to before . If Axe had any bad ideas for the continent, then it was his own fault for miscalculating . After a short while, Axe’s mech went back and landed . Zhao Hai looked at the mech with envy as he said, “These things are truly wonderful . If the Rosen Empire had these, then we would have already conquered the rest of the continent . Mister Axe, i wonder if you can sell me a few of these . I just went forward to see the path and my fleet would be arriving in two days . Initially, we came to Blazing Island in order to get some special products to refine medicine with . I shall wait for my fleet to arrive . When they dock, I will approach mister for the trade . I will buy your magic armors no matter what price mister Axe wants . ” When he heard Zhao Hai, Alex’s expression couldn’t help but change . It took a moment for Alex to calm down before he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this request, I can’t promise something to you right now . I need to head back to the family and discuss things, I’m sure they would be interested in the trade . If the family agrees, then we will send someone over to find you . What do you think?’ Zhao Hai had a regretful expression as he replied, “That’s a pity . Well, take this, this is my clan’s token . If mister’s family agrees to the trade, then you can bring this token to the Rosen Empire . When that time comes, my Buda Clan would definitely give you a warm welcome . ” Axe received the thing that Zhao Hai handed over . From what he saw, it seems like a token made out of red crystal . It looked very refined . On the token were two characters that read ‘Buda’ . Axe didn’t suspect anything as he held the token and said, “Alright . Mister, I’ll immediately head back to the family and discuss this matter . I can assure you that we’ll be swift in our reply . ” Zhao Hai nodded . Then Axe jumped into his mech as him and his team proceeded to fly southward . Zhao Hai looked at Axe’s departing back . He sneered before his figure vanished and returned to the Space . Laura and the others were currently in the living room, their expressions quite difficult to behold . When Zhao Hai came, Laura immediately said, “Brother Hai, I hate that man . It’s obvious that he has bad ideas for the Ark Continent . His fake expression is too irritating to watch . ’ Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine, there’s no need to be angry . I told him that I have my fleet behind me in order to see his reaction . If he doesn’t have any ill will towards us, then he would definitely stay and talk . But it seems like he did have bad ideas . If I hadn’t told him that I have my people behind me, then he would’ve already killed me in order to suppress the news . After all, his party mostly consisted of 9th ranks . If he isn’t sure that he can kill me and my fleet, then he wouldn’t act rashly . ” Laura coldly snorted and said, “Just let them come . In any case, their presence would only make the Ark Continent even livelier . I want to see what their expression would be when they face the Divine Race and the Underworld . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Actually, this is also an opportunity for us . Once they appear in the Ark Continent, then that would be the best time to declare war on the Divine Race . When they arrive, we can slowly whittle them down . At that time, we would be able to obtain a batch of powerful magic armors . That would surely increase our strength . ” At this time, Lizzy frowned and said, “Big Brother Hai, I’m sure you’ve also heard Axe say that their plane has experts up to 12th rank . In other words, God-ranks also exist in their plane . Their attack surely wouldn’t be weak . Can we deal with them?” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “No matter which plane, strong experts are surely rare . Those at the top are the least populated group . Also, I don’t believe that Axe’s family is more powerful compared to the Taurus Divines . ” Lizzy also thought of the same thing . No matter which race, it would be impossible for them to surpass the strength of the Divine Race . If God-ranks were that abundant, then the Ark Continent would’ve already fallen a long long time ago . Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Brother Hai, what’s the deal with that token? Why do I feel like it’s the same as the blood ghost staff?” Zhao Hai nodded, “You’re not wrong . That is a part of the staff . I wanted to try and see if I can separate a part of the staff from the main body . That small part would allow us to monitor the person . I didn’t expect that the experiment would be a success . Cai’er, show us the state of that fellow . ” Cai’er immediately complied and changed the image on the screen . The display showed a very small space . Inside this space was a person wearing a type of helmet . There was also some kind of contraption attached on this person’s arms and legs . Moreover, it can be clearly seen that this person was Axe .





* * *Chapter 835 – Free State



Laura stared, her eyes widened as she said, “So that’s how those magic armors were operated . Interesting, interesting . ”



On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s pupils narrowed . He saw a lot of things from Axe’s setup . Although Axe’s way of controlling the mech was very bizarre, but you have to say that it was actually very convenient . Mechas aren’t usually controlled this way, that’s why ordinary people were unable to pilot them . It seems like the people of the Atlanta Plane had truly developed their magic armors to the extreme .



The image showed Axe controlling his mech to fly at a very fast speed . Since there was nothing else that happened, Zhao Hai decided to change the image to the Thunder Clan .



Zhao Hai had only spoken with Fei’er for a moment before he was interrupted with Axe’s arrival . At this point, Zhao Hai doesn’t know what Fei’er was doing .



After the image changed, Zhao Hai saw Fei’er hurrying along . And since nothing happened, Zhao Hai shifted the image once more towards the Goblins .



Once the image changed to the Goblins’ background, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . At this time, the background had changed . Below the massive bread trees were small houses . Although small, they were beautifully constructed . Zhao Hai carefully inspected the houses and saw that they were made out of straw and mud . The decorations on the houses were made out of bread fruit shells .



Zhao Hai turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, what things have these Goblins traded? I want to see . ”



Cai’er complied as she pulled out a detailed list . There were some ordinary tools and nothing special . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod, it seems like these Goblins were quite smart . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been able to make these houses with these simple tools .



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Good . Right, Cai’er, how were the Goblins doing lately? Did they only build houses?”



Cai’er smiled and said, “No . Young Master, you don’t know but there are still some Goblins who were educated . At this time, those with knowledge were educating those who didn’t know anything . Inside the houses they built were magic formations . Those formations were quite clever, they actually made the houses quite comfortable . ”



Zhao Hai changed the image and looked at the rooms of the Goblins . There really were magic formations inside, moreover, they looked very well-made .



Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled and said, “It looks like my idea is correct . These Goblins aren’t the same as those in the Atlanta Plane . Their inheritance has been destroyed by the Divine Race . If they kept developing, they might have become as strong as Axe right now . ”



Laura stared, then her two eyes shone as she said, “Brother Hai, you mean those Goblins can make those magic armors that Axe and the others used?”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes . Initially, I want to have those Goblins research this technology . Now that Axe has appeared, it gave me the opportunity to see how advanced the magic formations are . It seems like it needed to be studied for many years . The Goblins are talented in this aspect . Let’s just have them study magic formations and maybe they can make something great . ”



Laura nodded, “That would be good . Now that the Goblins have been freed, their knowledge can now flourish once more . Making complex magic formations shouldn’t take too long . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, “With how the Goblins have been treated, it was now close to impossible for them to pass their inheritance down . Their magic formations look quite good, but it can be seen that their entire knowledge is still broken . If an average race had reached their point, then I’m afraid they won’t recover . The Goblins being able to maintain their current state is amazing enough . ”



Lizzy and the others agreed . The Goblins’ resilience was really something worthy of admiration . For them to still pass some of their knowledge down despite being suppressed by the Divine Race was a very great matter .



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I initially thought that they had zero knowledge of their civilization, so I refrained from showing them magic formations from the Ark Continent . It seems like my plan needs to be pushed forward . Let’s have some undead mages teach the Goblins some words and knowledge regarding magic formations . Right, Laura, how is father-in-law doing nowadays?”



Laura smiled and said, “Father is still researching the defensive magic formations . I reckon he’ll complete it soon . Why? Do you need him for something?”



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . He had asked Karen to research defensive formations before mainly to defend against the Demons and the Divine Race . But now that the Ark Continent has moved to the Space, these things were now not needed . In the end, Zhao Hai had forgotten about this task . Zhao Hai didn’t expect Karen to still continue with this research, moreover, they were even close to succeeding .



Zhao Hai sighed and said, “This is my fault . I actually forgot about this . Tell father-in-law to take a rest . He’s been exhausted these days . Now that our strength is enough, there’s no need to use that formation . ”



Laura smiled and said, “I already told father about this . But father said that he would still do it . He said that he’s very interested in these things . Let’s just let him be . In any case, we have people looking after him and he’s still taking a rest from time to time . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Laura, “Laura, once father-in-law is done with this research, tell him to stop studying for some time . I want him to compile his knowledge so that we can make a book out of it . We can use those books to teach the Goblins as well as the people in the Ark Space . We’ll have everyone start researching themselves, what do you think?”



Laura’s eyes showed his agreement, she said, “Good, that would be great . Father always wanted to do that but the people of the Ark Continent doesn’t take magic formations too seriously . They always see magic formations as secondary needs . Even if father printed his book, I’m afraid people wouldn’t even take a look at it . Now that there’s a purpose, I think he will be happy to share his knowledge . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned his head to Cai’er, “Cai’er, scan the formations on the magic armor that Axe used . I want to compile them and have father-in-law look at it in the future . Laura, you also need to take care of father-in-law . He’s not young anymore, he needs to refrain from being exhausted . ”



Laura smiled and said, “Rest assured, father has been well taken care of . Although he likes his research, he hasn’t been going all out recently . Moreover, this is what he likes to do, if he is forbidden to work, then it would be like torture for him . Also, he’s now a 9th rank expert, so his lifespan should already be long . Just have him do his thing, there won’t be any problems . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything else . Karen’s current body has been really good . In addition to the environment, the food and water in the Space adds up to the benefits that he gets . Currently, Karen looks younger and more energetic compared to before . Zhao Hai couldn’t even describe him as an old man anymore .



After arranging this matter, Zhao Hai turned the image on the monitor towards the underworld’s creatures in the Beastman Prairie . The undead seems to have advanced further .



Zhao Hai looked at the undead and couldn’t help but sigh . The advancement of these undead has been too fast . At this time, they had already occupied two-thirds of the Beastman Prairie . Moreover, their advancement was still going on .



It was fortunate that the people in the Ark Continent had already moved out . This reduced the headaches that Zhao Hai felt . Zhao Hai opened another screen showing the state of the Northern Icefield . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get shocked by what he saw . The Space’s monitoring capabilities seem to have improved .



Before he met the Divine Race, they would place a magic formation everytime they go on a meeting . Because of this, the monitor would just display a white scene . This was the same for the underworld’s fog, the Space couldn’t penetrate deep inside it .



Because of these, Zhao Hai knew that the Space’s monitor had many limitations .



However, just now, Zhao Hai discovered that the monitor’s penetration distance seem to have increased . Zhao Hai didn’t expect this to happen .



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, it seems like the monitor has been improved . ”



Cai’er had a smug look as she nodded and said, “So Young Master has noticed . When the Space levelled up, the monitor’s abilities have also been strengthened . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You couldn’t blame me for this . I’ve been too busy to take note of this . Hahaha . Good, it’s great that it improved . Later on, we can spy on anything we like . ”



Cai’er smiled as well, “I also have something else that will make Young Master happy . The ingredients in the magic backgrounds can now be used . By my calculations, they should be enough to make ten God rank potions . Moreover, the output of these ingredients would slowly increase . And most importantly, crops grown on the magic background can quickly replenish our supply of gold goins . When the time comes, Young Master can buy those remaining backgrounds . ”



Zhao Hai clapped his hands, “Fantastic! Finally we can get rich . Having no money really affected my confidence . That’s good . Right, Cai’er, make those God-rank potions . ” Then Zhao Hai turned to Laura and the others and said, “Since we don’t have any pressing matter to take care of, let’s go to Grandpa Green and have a dinner with them . ”



Laura and the others happily obliged . They had been too busy with the Demons and the Divine Race lately that they had no chance to share a meal with Grandpa Green and the others . Since they had nothing to do at the moment, they might as well eat with the elders .



As Cai’er arranged the God-rank potions, Zhao Hai and the others flashed towards the Ark Space, on the island occupied by the Buda Clan . The island wasn’t too far from the new Ark Continent . However, the status of the people living on the island had become extraordinary . This was because of the Buda Clan, Zhao Hai’s family . There’s no person in the Ark Continent that dared disrespect members of the clan .



However, it was also because of this status that Zhao Hai reduced the contact between the island and the mainland . At this point, the Buda Clan is no longer trading with the continent . This was because there was no way to do proper business when it came to the Buda Clan . Once the family sells on the mainland, no haggling on prices occured, the other party might even insert extra money on the side . If Zhao Hai does business this way, then the people’s respect towards him would become bad . At this point, Zhao Hai would only buy the least amount of things from the mainland as possible .



The Buda Clan’s island was quite similar to the black wasteland’s structure . Those who lived in the island were no longer just the Buda Clan and their slaves . Elves, Dwarves, and a substantial number of Beastmen also lived on the island .



When the new continent was made, Zhao Hai had the people from the Black Wasteland return to their homes . Some Dwarves, Elves, and Beastmen chose to leave the island but there were also some of them who decided to stay . They liked the way the Buda Clan ran things as well as the island’s environment . Because of this, they stayed and chose to become members of the Buda Clan .



The island had now become its own small self-sustaining continent . The Elves could make their artworks on the island and then sell them to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai would then choose some artworks for himself while selling the others to the Space . Although the artworks would be sold for a higher price on the continent, the Elves were still satisfied with the price given by the Space . As long as they have food, water, and a place to stay, that was already good enough .



The situation with the Dwarves was also similar . They like to forge stuff . In the past, they would continually make weapons and armor on demand, they held no freedom in what they can make . However, things were different in the island, they now have the freedom to make anything they want . Dwarves built their own houses and forges and then went on to do what they like . In any case, they don’t need to worry about things to eat and drink .



One could say that the Buda Clan’s island was its own free state . Here, everyone can do whatever they wanted . As long as they don’t break the rules, then nobody would judge them for what they do .



Chapter 835 – Free State Laura stared, her eyes widened as she said, “So that’s how those magic armors were operated . Interesting, interesting . ” On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s pupils narrowed . He saw a lot of things from Axe’s setup . Although Axe’s way of controlling the mech was very bizarre, but you have to say that it was actually very convenient . Mechas aren’t usually controlled this way, that’s why ordinary people were unable to pilot them . It seems like the people of the Atlanta Plane had truly developed their magic armors to the extreme . The image showed Axe controlling his mech to fly at a very fast speed . Since there was nothing else that happened, Zhao Hai decided to change the image to the Thunder Clan . Zhao Hai had only spoken with Fei’er for a moment before he was interrupted with Axe’s arrival . At this point, Zhao Hai doesn’t know what Fei’er was doing . After the image changed, Zhao Hai saw Fei’er hurrying along . And since nothing happened, Zhao Hai shifted the image once more towards the Goblins . Once the image changed to the Goblins’ background, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . At this time, the background had changed . Below the massive bread trees were small houses . Although small, they were beautifully constructed . Zhao Hai carefully inspected the houses and saw that they were made out of straw and mud . The decorations on the houses were made out of bread fruit shells . Zhao Hai turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, what things have these Goblins traded? I want to see . ” Cai’er complied as she pulled out a detailed list . There were some ordinary tools and nothing special . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod, it seems like these Goblins were quite smart . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been able to make these houses with these simple tools . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Good . Right, Cai’er, how were the Goblins doing lately? Did they only build houses?” Cai’er smiled and said, “No . Young Master, you don’t know but there are still some Goblins who were educated . At this time, those with knowledge were educating those who didn’t know anything . Inside the houses they built were magic formations . Those formations were quite clever, they actually made the houses quite comfortable . ” Zhao Hai changed the image and looked at the rooms of the Goblins . There really were magic formations inside, moreover, they looked very well-made . Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled and said, “It looks like my idea is correct . These Goblins aren’t the same as those in the Atlanta Plane . Their inheritance has been destroyed by the Divine Race . If they kept developing, they might have become as strong as Axe right now . ” Laura stared, then her two eyes shone as she said, “Brother Hai, you mean those Goblins can make those magic armors that Axe and the others used?” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes . Initially, I want to have those Goblins research this technology . Now that Axe has appeared, it gave me the opportunity to see how advanced the magic formations are . It seems like it needed to be studied for many years . The Goblins are talented in this aspect . Let’s just have them study magic formations and maybe they can make something great . ” Laura nodded, “That would be good . Now that the Goblins have been freed, their knowledge can now flourish once more . Making complex magic formations shouldn’t take too long . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “With how the Goblins have been treated, it was now close to impossible for them to pass their inheritance down . Their magic formations look quite good, but it can be seen that their entire knowledge is still broken . If an average race had reached their point, then I’m afraid they won’t recover . The Goblins being able to maintain their current state is amazing enough . ” Lizzy and the others agreed . The Goblins’ resilience was really something worthy of admiration . For them to still pass some of their knowledge down despite being suppressed by the Divine Race was a very great matter . Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I initially thought that they had zero knowledge of their civilization, so I refrained from showing them magic formations from the Ark Continent . It seems like my plan needs to be pushed forward . Let’s have some undead mages teach the Goblins some words and knowledge regarding magic formations . Right, Laura, how is father-in-law doing nowadays?” Laura smiled and said, “Father is still researching the defensive magic formations . I reckon he’ll complete it soon . Why? Do you need him for something?” Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . He had asked Karen to research defensive formations before mainly to defend against the Demons and the Divine Race . But now that the Ark Continent has moved to the Space, these things were now not needed . In the end, Zhao Hai had forgotten about this task . Zhao Hai didn’t expect Karen to still continue with this research, moreover, they were even close to succeeding . Zhao Hai sighed and said, “This is my fault . I actually forgot about this . Tell father-in-law to take a rest . He’s been exhausted these days . Now that our strength is enough, there’s no need to use that formation . ” Laura smiled and said, “I already told father about this . But father said that he would still do it . He said that he’s very interested in these things . Let’s just let him be . In any case, we have people looking after him and he’s still taking a rest from time to time . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Laura, “Laura, once father-in-law is done with this research, tell him to stop studying for some time . I want him to compile his knowledge so that we can make a book out of it . We can use those books to teach the Goblins as well as the people in the Ark Space . We’ll have everyone start researching themselves, what do you think?” Laura’s eyes showed his agreement, she said, “Good, that would be great . Father always wanted to do that but the people of the Ark Continent doesn’t take magic formations too seriously . They always see magic formations as secondary needs . Even if father printed his book, I’m afraid people wouldn’t even take a look at it . Now that there’s a purpose, I think he will be happy to share his knowledge . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned his head to Cai’er, “Cai’er, scan the formations on the magic armor that Axe used . I want to compile them and have father-in-law look at it in the future . Laura, you also need to take care of father-in-law . He’s not young anymore, he needs to refrain from being exhausted . ” Laura smiled and said, “Rest assured, father has been well taken care of . Although he likes his research, he hasn’t been going all out recently . Moreover, this is what he likes to do, if he is forbidden to work, then it would be like torture for him . Also, he’s now a 9th rank expert, so his lifespan should already be long . Just have him do his thing, there won’t be any problems . ” Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything else . Karen’s current body has been really good . In addition to the environment, the food and water in the Space adds up to the benefits that he gets . Currently, Karen looks younger and more energetic compared to before . Zhao Hai couldn’t even describe him as an old man anymore . After arranging this matter, Zhao Hai turned the image on the monitor towards the underworld’s creatures in the Beastman Prairie . The undead seems to have advanced further . Zhao Hai looked at the undead and couldn’t help but sigh . The advancement of these undead has been too fast . At this time, they had already occupied two-thirds of the Beastman Prairie . Moreover, their advancement was still going on . It was fortunate that the people in the Ark Continent had already moved out . This reduced the headaches that Zhao Hai felt . Zhao Hai opened another screen showing the state of the Northern Icefield . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get shocked by what he saw . The Space’s monitoring capabilities seem to have improved . Before he met the Divine Race, they would place a magic formation everytime they go on a meeting . Because of this, the monitor would just display a white scene . This was the same for the underworld’s fog, the Space couldn’t penetrate deep inside it . Because of these, Zhao Hai knew that the Space’s monitor had many limitations . However, just now, Zhao Hai discovered that the monitor’s penetration distance seem to have increased . Zhao Hai didn’t expect this to happen . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, it seems like the monitor has been improved . ” Cai’er had a smug look as she nodded and said, “So Young Master has noticed . When the Space levelled up, the monitor’s abilities have also been strengthened . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You couldn’t blame me for this . I’ve been too busy to take note of this . Hahaha . Good, it’s great that it improved . Later on, we can spy on anything we like . ” Cai’er smiled as well, “I also have something else that will make Young Master happy . The ingredients in the magic backgrounds can now be used . By my calculations, they should be enough to make ten God rank potions . Moreover, the output of these ingredients would slowly increase . And most importantly, crops grown on the magic background can quickly replenish our supply of gold goins . When the time comes, Young Master can buy those remaining backgrounds . ” Zhao Hai clapped his hands, “Fantastic! Finally we can get rich . Having no money really affected my confidence . That’s good . Right, Cai’er, make those God-rank potions . ” Then Zhao Hai turned to Laura and the others and said, “Since we don’t have any pressing matter to take care of, let’s go to Grandpa Green and have a dinner with them . ” Laura and the others happily obliged . They had been too busy with the Demons and the Divine Race lately that they had no chance to share a meal with Grandpa Green and the others . Since they had nothing to do at the moment, they might as well eat with the elders . As Cai’er arranged the God-rank potions, Zhao Hai and the others flashed towards the Ark Space, on the island occupied by the Buda Clan . The island wasn’t too far from the new Ark Continent . However, the status of the people living on the island had become extraordinary . This was because of the Buda Clan, Zhao Hai’s family . There’s no person in the Ark Continent that dared disrespect members of the clan . However, it was also because of this status that Zhao Hai reduced the contact between the island and the mainland . At this point, the Buda Clan is no longer trading with the continent . This was because there was no way to do proper business when it came to the Buda Clan . Once the family sells on the mainland, no haggling on prices occured, the other party might even insert extra money on the side . If Zhao Hai does business this way, then the people’s respect towards him would become bad . At this point, Zhao Hai would only buy the least amount of things from the mainland as possible . The Buda Clan’s island was quite similar to the black wasteland’s structure . Those who lived in the island were no longer just the Buda Clan and their slaves . Elves, Dwarves, and a substantial number of Beastmen also lived on the island . When the new continent was made, Zhao Hai had the people from the Black Wasteland return to their homes . Some Dwarves, Elves, and Beastmen chose to leave the island but there were also some of them who decided to stay . They liked the way the Buda Clan ran things as well as the island’s environment . Because of this, they stayed and chose to become members of the Buda Clan . The island had now become its own small self-sustaining continent . The Elves could make their artworks on the island and then sell them to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai would then choose some artworks for himself while selling the others to the Space . Although the artworks would be sold for a higher price on the continent, the Elves were still satisfied with the price given by the Space . As long as they have food, water, and a place to stay, that was already good enough . The situation with the Dwarves was also similar . They like to forge stuff . In the past, they would continually make weapons and armor on demand, they held no freedom in what they can make . However, things were different in the island, they now have the freedom to make anything they want . Dwarves built their own houses and forges and then went on to do what they like . In any case, they don’t need to worry about things to eat and drink . One could say that the Buda Clan’s island was its own free state . Here, everyone can do whatever they wanted . As long as they don’t break the rules, then nobody would judge them for what they do .





* * *Chapter 836 – A Rare Relaxation



Being a free state doesn’t meant that one can do crimes without repercussions . There were still laws in place in order to punish you . Being a free state meant that nobody would tell you what to do . You are free to be anything you like .



Zhao Hai hasn’t returned to the island for quite some time . Currently, the island was given an interesting name by the people of the Ark Continent, Haven Island .



It is certainly impossible for the people of the Ark Continent to not know about the story of the Haven products . They knew that the Buda Clan wanted to use this to name their products . Because of this, the name Haven Island came up .



Zhao Hai didn’t know this, but since the products of the Buda Clan rarely appeared on the continent now, Haven products had become extremely valuable items . People who had Haven products regarded these items as family treasures .



Also, Zhao Hai already spread his method of making liquor . He taught the Humans how to make grain wine . On the other hand, the Elves focused on making fruit wine while the Beastmen stayed with their milk whine . The Dwarves also kept making their sweet potato wine .



The Dwarves had plenty of cubed potato . This cubed potato was quite similar to sweet potatoes back on Earth . Zhao Hai only passed down the technique of distillation so naturally each group had their own preference .



When Zhao Hai arrived at the island, he saw the slaves working the fields . As they were working, they were talking with each other and laughed, they looked very happy .



What made Zhao Hai happy was the fact that these people looked like they loved their work . The tools each person used was different . Although the conventional tools were already refined, there were still some of them who wanted to try different types of tools .



Zhao Hai didn’t disturb them as he entered the castle along with Laura and the others . At this time, the liquor production of the castle had stopped . Even if some liquor were brewed, they were only going to be used for personal consumption . Because of this, the castle looked more spacious compared to before .



On the other hand, the people on the castle wasn’t few . The 100 initial slaves that Zhao Hai had brought used to help manage the new slaves . But now that they weren’t needed, they all returned to the castle .



After the people in the castle saw that Zhao Hai had come back, they immediately went to give him their greetings . Zhao Hai looked at the slaves and saw their neat appearance . It seems like they were living quite well . There were even some of them who showed a sense of elegance . This was evidently because they had become learned people .



Zhao Hai smiled at those who met him and said, “How are you doing? Is everyone doing fine?”



Everybody gave out a laugh before a fairly fat man replied, “Happy! We are very happy, Young Master . We can now eat meat every day, completely different to before when we were starving . I even got fat now, Young Master, look” Zhao Hai looked at the fat man . This person wasn’t that tall, only about 1 . 8 meters tall . However, he looks like he weighs more than 250 pounds . Seeing someone this fat was very surprising .



However, Zhao Hai can see that although this person was fat, he didn’t look weak at all . What made Zhao Hai surprised was the fact that this person was actually 9th rank, just one step left until becoming God-rank .



Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Come here, aren’t you Silas? When you came here, you were very small and skinny . I didn’t think that you would get this fat . Hahaha . Good, good . Just make sure that you won’t stumble . Right, did you like cultivating that much?”



The fatty named Silas didn’t expect Zhao Hai to call him by his name . His face couldn’t help but blush as he said, “I didn’t think that the Young Master would remember my name . I’m not very intelligent, so I couldn’t do anything complicated . However, I loved cultivating so I did that . I didn’t think that the Young Master would recognize me . ”



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You continue with your diligent work . If you succeed, you will the first member of the Buda Clan to break through to God-rank without outside help . ” The fatty obviously wasn’t someone who had any idea about this . But when he heard Zhao Hai, he happily nodded his head .



Zhao Hai also greeted everyone else before entering the fort . Zhao Hai rarely came here anymore since his main operations were made inside the Space’s villa . At this time, Green and the others were already waiting for him in the main hall . After Zhao Hai came in, Green immediately gave his greetings, “Young Master, why did you decide to pay a visit today? Did something bad happen?” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Everything’s fine, things have been calm these days so there’s nothing to worry about . I only came here for a simple visit . ” Green’s worries vanished when he heard Zhao Hai .



After talking to Green, Zhao Hai also greeted Kun, Karen, and the others . After the group had sat down, Zhao Hai explained what happened outside, including the matter with the Atlanta Plane . After hearing Zhao Hai talk, Green said, “So there’s another spatial rift in the Ark Continent . It seems like the newcomers don’t have any good ideas for the plane . ”



Zhao Hai smiled bitterly as he gave a nod, “It seems to be like that . The Atlanta Plane should be as strong as the Demon Realm . However, they have their formidable magic armor . These magic armors were 10 meters high and covered in magic formations . Moreover, it can improve one’s attack strength, each one of them had peak 9th rank power . ”



Upon hearing this, Karen knit his brows and said, “What magic formations? Can you let me take a look?”



Zhao Hai already guessed that Karen would be interested in this, so he smiled faintly and said, “Father-in-law, don’t worry, I ‘ll definitely show them to you . I need two days in order to compile everything we recorded . There are a lot of them and each part has different functions . When the time comes, you can study them closely . ’



Karen’s was evidently satisfied with this answer . He initially started to study magic formations in order to forget his bitter memories regarding his wife, but who would’ve thought that he became obsessed with research . Green turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young master, can you really fight with the Divine Race in this short amount of time?”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “At this point, only remnant soldiers of the Taurus army are left in the Radiant Empire . Also, I reckon the Taurus continent would also stop sending reinforcements . This is a good opportunity to attack them with the Thunder Clan . ” Green and the others didn’t oppose to this, they too held great resentment towards the Taurus Divines . For the Divines to use a huge blood sacrifice was already too much for them to accept . Not to say Zhao Hai, even Green and the others were seething with anger at this event .



After seeing that nobody opposed to this, Zhao Hai continued, “Grandpa Green, I need advice . The Space’s magic backgrounds are now ready for harvest . I already had Cai’er use the ingredients there in order to make 10 God rank potions . How do you suggest to divide them?”



Green gawked, then his eyes lit up as he asked, “Really? We can make that much?”



Zhao Hai nodded, the other people in the room were also evidently happy . Green thought for a moment and said, “Little Hai, how about this . I think you should give those potions to the people of the Ark Continent . You can give two potions to the Elves, two potions to the Humans, two potions to the Dwarves, two potions to the Beastmen, and the final two to the Fishmen . This way, they would feel grateful to you . ”



Zhao Hai stared, then he knit his eyebrows as he said, “I wanted to give the potions to you . We can use the next batch for them . ” Green smiled and said, “Give it to them this time . The next time, we can have them . In any case, we won’t leave the Space . What are you afraid of? These old bones are still very strong, we won’t die soon . ” Zhao Hai nodded and followed Green’s suggestion . At this time, Merine came in bringing some food . Then the group proceeded to eat their meal .



Zhao Hai spent three days in this peaceful state . These three days were rare times of relaxation for him . He went with the slaves and conversed with them . He also gave a visit to the Giant-horned Bulls, the Diamond Apes, the Dwarves, and the Elves . He went and visited everyone he could visit .



Times spent in relaxation always passes by quickly . Three days passed in a blink of an eye . Although Zhao Hai wanted to keep this time of leisure, the matters outside didn’t allow him to stay .



Fei’er and the others had already reached the borders of the Radiant Empire . They were ready to attack the Divine Race and Zhao Hai couldn’t be absent for this event .



These days, Zhao Hai also took the effort to visit Fei’er as well as see the Great Demon King’s progress in moving the Demons to the Space . Although the Demons were busy with their migration, the Devil Legion was still ready to make an attack at any time .



In addition to the progress of the Demons, the magic formations have also been sorted out . Karen had succeeded in developing the defensive magic formation . Zhao Hai was now more confident in dealing with the Divine Race .



Currently, Zhao Hai didn’t lack in his supply of crystal stones . What he lacked were things to use crystals with . The appearance of the defensive formations was just right for his current needs .



Karen’s defensive formation wasn’t simple . During the process of experimentation, Karen had written all its properties in a very detailed manner . This magic formation can be used by ten thousand people, fifty thousand people, and 100 thousand people . Although the number of people using it varied, the need for crystal stones didn’t exponentially increase . It was only after this property was achieved did the formation deemed a success .



Chapter 836 – A Rare Relaxation Being a free state doesn’t meant that one can do crimes without repercussions . There were still laws in place in order to punish you . Being a free state meant that nobody would tell you what to do . You are free to be anything you like . Zhao Hai hasn’t returned to the island for quite some time . Currently, the island was given an interesting name by the people of the Ark Continent, Haven Island . It is certainly impossible for the people of the Ark Continent to not know about the story of the Haven products . They knew that the Buda Clan wanted to use this to name their products . Because of this, the name Haven Island came up . Zhao Hai didn’t know this, but since the products of the Buda Clan rarely appeared on the continent now, Haven products had become extremely valuable items . People who had Haven products regarded these items as family treasures . Also, Zhao Hai already spread his method of making liquor . He taught the Humans how to make grain wine . On the other hand, the Elves focused on making fruit wine while the Beastmen stayed with their milk whine . The Dwarves also kept making their sweet potato wine . The Dwarves had plenty of cubed potato . This cubed potato was quite similar to sweet potatoes back on Earth . Zhao Hai only passed down the technique of distillation so naturally each group had their own preference . When Zhao Hai arrived at the island, he saw the slaves working the fields . As they were working, they were talking with each other and laughed, they looked very happy . What made Zhao Hai happy was the fact that these people looked like they loved their work . The tools each person used was different . Although the conventional tools were already refined, there were still some of them who wanted to try different types of tools . Zhao Hai didn’t disturb them as he entered the castle along with Laura and the others . At this time, the liquor production of the castle had stopped . Even if some liquor were brewed, they were only going to be used for personal consumption . Because of this, the castle looked more spacious compared to before . On the other hand, the people on the castle wasn’t few . The 100 initial slaves that Zhao Hai had brought used to help manage the new slaves . But now that they weren’t needed, they all returned to the castle . After the people in the castle saw that Zhao Hai had come back, they immediately went to give him their greetings . Zhao Hai looked at the slaves and saw their neat appearance . It seems like they were living quite well . There were even some of them who showed a sense of elegance . This was evidently because they had become learned people . Zhao Hai smiled at those who met him and said, “How are you doing? Is everyone doing fine?” Everybody gave out a laugh before a fairly fat man replied, “Happy! We are very happy, Young Master . We can now eat meat every day, completely different to before when we were starving . I even got fat now, Young Master, look” Zhao Hai looked at the fat man . This person wasn’t that tall, only about 1 . 8 meters tall . However, he looks like he weighs more than 250 pounds . Seeing someone this fat was very surprising . However, Zhao Hai can see that although this person was fat, he didn’t look weak at all . What made Zhao Hai surprised was the fact that this person was actually 9th rank, just one step left until becoming God-rank . Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Come here, aren’t you Silas? When you came here, you were very small and skinny . I didn’t think that you would get this fat . Hahaha . Good, good . Just make sure that you won’t stumble . Right, did you like cultivating that much?” The fatty named Silas didn’t expect Zhao Hai to call him by his name . His face couldn’t help but blush as he said, “I didn’t think that the Young Master would remember my name . I’m not very intelligent, so I couldn’t do anything complicated . However, I loved cultivating so I did that . I didn’t think that the Young Master would recognize me . ” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You continue with your diligent work . If you succeed, you will the first member of the Buda Clan to break through to God-rank without outside help . ” The fatty obviously wasn’t someone who had any idea about this . But when he heard Zhao Hai, he happily nodded his head . Zhao Hai also greeted everyone else before entering the fort . Zhao Hai rarely came here anymore since his main operations were made inside the Space’s villa . At this time, Green and the others were already waiting for him in the main hall . After Zhao Hai came in, Green immediately gave his greetings, “Young Master, why did you decide to pay a visit today? Did something bad happen?” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Everything’s fine, things have been calm these days so there’s nothing to worry about . I only came here for a simple visit . ” Green’s worries vanished when he heard Zhao Hai . After talking to Green, Zhao Hai also greeted Kun, Karen, and the others . After the group had sat down, Zhao Hai explained what happened outside, including the matter with the Atlanta Plane . After hearing Zhao Hai talk, Green said, “So there’s another spatial rift in the Ark Continent . It seems like the newcomers don’t have any good ideas for the plane . ” Zhao Hai smiled bitterly as he gave a nod, “It seems to be like that . The Atlanta Plane should be as strong as the Demon Realm . However, they have their formidable magic armor . These magic armors were 10 meters high and covered in magic formations . Moreover, it can improve one’s attack strength, each one of them had peak 9th rank power . ” Upon hearing this, Karen knit his brows and said, “What magic formations? Can you let me take a look?” Zhao Hai already guessed that Karen would be interested in this, so he smiled faintly and said, “Father-in-law, don’t worry, I ‘ll definitely show them to you . I need two days in order to compile everything we recorded . There are a lot of them and each part has different functions . When the time comes, you can study them closely . ’ Karen’s was evidently satisfied with this answer . He initially started to study magic formations in order to forget his bitter memories regarding his wife, but who would’ve thought that he became obsessed with research . Green turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young master, can you really fight with the Divine Race in this short amount of time?” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “At this point, only remnant soldiers of the Taurus army are left in the Radiant Empire . Also, I reckon the Taurus continent would also stop sending reinforcements . This is a good opportunity to attack them with the Thunder Clan . ” Green and the others didn’t oppose to this, they too held great resentment towards the Taurus Divines . For the Divines to use a huge blood sacrifice was already too much for them to accept . Not to say Zhao Hai, even Green and the others were seething with anger at this event . After seeing that nobody opposed to this, Zhao Hai continued, “Grandpa Green, I need advice . The Space’s magic backgrounds are now ready for harvest . I already had Cai’er use the ingredients there in order to make 10 God rank potions . How do you suggest to divide them?” Green gawked, then his eyes lit up as he asked, “Really? We can make that much?” Zhao Hai nodded, the other people in the room were also evidently happy . Green thought for a moment and said, “Little Hai, how about this . I think you should give those potions to the people of the Ark Continent . You can give two potions to the Elves, two potions to the Humans, two potions to the Dwarves, two potions to the Beastmen, and the final two to the Fishmen . This way, they would feel grateful to you . ” Zhao Hai stared, then he knit his eyebrows as he said, “I wanted to give the potions to you . We can use the next batch for them . ” Green smiled and said, “Give it to them this time . The next time, we can have them . In any case, we won’t leave the Space . What are you afraid of? These old bones are still very strong, we won’t die soon . ” Zhao Hai nodded and followed Green’s suggestion . At this time, Merine came in bringing some food . Then the group proceeded to eat their meal . Zhao Hai spent three days in this peaceful state . These three days were rare times of relaxation for him . He went with the slaves and conversed with them . He also gave a visit to the Giant-horned Bulls, the Diamond Apes, the Dwarves, and the Elves . He went and visited everyone he could visit . Times spent in relaxation always passes by quickly . Three days passed in a blink of an eye . Although Zhao Hai wanted to keep this time of leisure, the matters outside didn’t allow him to stay . Fei’er and the others had already reached the borders of the Radiant Empire . They were ready to attack the Divine Race and Zhao Hai couldn’t be absent for this event . These days, Zhao Hai also took the effort to visit Fei’er as well as see the Great Demon King’s progress in moving the Demons to the Space . Although the Demons were busy with their migration, the Devil Legion was still ready to make an attack at any time . In addition to the progress of the Demons, the magic formations have also been sorted out . Karen had succeeded in developing the defensive magic formation . Zhao Hai was now more confident in dealing with the Divine Race . Currently, Zhao Hai didn’t lack in his supply of crystal stones . What he lacked were things to use crystals with . The appearance of the defensive formations was just right for his current needs . Karen’s defensive formation wasn’t simple . During the process of experimentation, Karen had written all its properties in a very detailed manner . This magic formation can be used by ten thousand people, fifty thousand people, and 100 thousand people . Although the number of people using it varied, the need for crystal stones didn’t exponentially increase . It was only after this property was achieved did the formation deemed a success .





* * *Chapter 837 – Fire



An army had already converged outside the Radiant Empire . However, the attackers didn’t attack immediately . They just kept their formations in preparation for their charge .



Inside the Radiant Empire, the Divine Race has now gathered 20 million troops to fight . The borders of the Empire already had a long wall built equipped with magic cannons . All of the soldiers were in a neat formation floating in mid air .



On the opposite side, there were also troops floating in mid air; the two armies of the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus, Zhao Hai’s undead army, and the Demon Race’s Devil Legion . The small number of Thunder Clan people were also present in the center .



While looking at the Divine Race’s desperate situation, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh, “I didn’t expect us to be this quick to turn on the Divine Race . To be honest, when the Divine Race and you came, I didn’t think I would be able to see this day . ” Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the Demon Dragon King’s carriage, talking with the Demon Dragon King .



The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “When we came to attack the Ark Continent, we also didn’t expect to be able to settle inside a place much better in comparison . ”



Zhao Hai gave out a chuckle, “In truth, if it weren’t for the Demons using an non-wicked method to come here, I wouldn’t have allowed you to settle in the Space . You should know that since the residents of the continent had moved, I didn’t have extra worries anymore . When the time comes, I can just slowly grind away at the Demons and the Divine Race . ”



The Demon Dragon King knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t speaking nonsense . To be honest, after entering the Space, Zhao Hai’s mysterious ability, the Demon Dragon King already understood that if they didn’t become Zhao Hai’ allies, then they would sooner or later be tidied up .



The Demon Dragon King smiled and then said, “This is the luck of our Demon Race . You should know that the Blood Void Formation needed live sacrifice as well . It’s fortunate that we chose the Demons, otherwise we would have suffered the same fate as the Divine Race . ”



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, “It’s good that the Demons think that the Dragons are better compared to the Humans . Or else you would’ve used Humans instead of Dragons . ”



Just as the two were talking, Fei’er arrived by their side . Zhao Hai looked at Feier as the latter gave a salute, then Zhao Hai said, “Is everything prepared?” Fei’er nodded and said, “Yes, but as you can see, there are massive magic cannons placed on the walls . Even God-ranks are unable to resist the attacks from those cannons . Moreover, their range is much farther than the magic cannons of your Ark Continent . It is only because those things are huge and heavy that they were very inconvenient to bring to the battlefield . What we need to do right now is to take care of those cannons . Does mister have any way to do it?”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Leave it to me . ” Then he waved his hand as he released a few rows of undead dragons . Mounted on top of their heads were magic cannons . Moreover, these cannons weren’t those from the Ark Continent, instead, they were the Divine Race’s magic cannons .



Fei’er looked at the Dragons and stared . He has been with the Divine Race army for a long time so naturally he could identify that these magic cannons were from the Divine Race . Fei’er just didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would have those cannons of his own .



Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and smiled, “When I attacked the Radiant Empire, I also took the opportunity to snatch some magic cannons for myself . It just so happens that they’re quite convenient to use today . ”



Fei’er said, “It seems like we’ll have the Divine Race taste their own magic cannons . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly but he didn’t say anything . The magic cannons of the Divine Race were indeed large, however, Zhao Hai still didn’t think that they were strong enough . It was mainly because they lacked a good energy source . In the past, the Divine Race only used ordinary crystals to power them . Those magic crystals were in no way comparable to the magic cannons that Zhao Hai had now .



With the superior crystals in his hands, Zhao Hai was able to improve the power of the magic cannons . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to take them out .



Zhao Hai didn’t give an explanation to Fei’er as he waved his hand . After that, the dragons proceeded to go towards the Radiant Empire . They would only stop if they reach their firing distance .



Besides the cannons, there were also four undead on top of each dragon, they’re main purpose was to man the weapon . Although Zhao Hai didn’t have that much magic cannons, he was still confident that his cannons were superior .



No matter what, the might and firing distance of the cannons was improved thanks to Zhao Hai’s crystals . When the attack happens, the Divine Race’s cannons would be useless against Zhao Hai’s army .



The dragons stopped when they reached their firing distance, at the same time, the undead started to arm the cannons . It didn’t take a long time before 40 red lights started to fly towards the Radiant Empire’s walls . This caused the Divines manning the cannons to be startled . They weren’t even able to get a defensive formation out before they were blasted by the red lights .



One could say that the might of these cannons were far superior compared to the cannons of the Ark Continent . Although its crystal consumption was greater, Zhao Hai didn’t care about that right now, power was what he needed .



Zhao Hai’s attack was beyond the Divine Race’s expectations . The Divine Race has heard of the Ark Continent’s cannons . Although they suffered a few attacks from the Ark Continent’s cannons, they still believed that their magic cannons were better .



Because of this, the Divine Race were confident in defending the Radiant Empire . They were also able to see Zhao Hai’s undead dragons . Although the Dragons held the Divine Race’s giant cannons, the DIvine Race knew that Zhao Hai didn’t have that much with him . In their minds, they could fully suppress the enemy’s advance .



However, they didn’t expect that Zhao Hai’s magic cannons would have a better firing distance compared to the Divine Race’s cannons . This caused the Divine Race to begin worrying about their defense .



Zhao Hai didn’t care about the Divine Race’s thoughts . At this time, he made the undead continue on with their assault . To be honest, the walls were useless at this point . The Divine Race seemed to have focused their research on the magic cannons and had forgotten to study strong defensive formations .



If the Divine Race had good defensive magic formations, they wouldn’t have been harassed by Zhao Hai’s tactics . Unfortunately, the Divine Race didn’t take magic formations very seriously .



When the Divine Race had wars with the other races, they were always on the winning side . Because of this position, their rear areas were never attacked .



This caused the Divine Race to grow complacent as time passed . Their arrogance had reached to the point that they had deemed defensive formations to be unnecessary . In the end, they neglect their study on defensive magic formations, this resulted in their suffering in the hands of Zhao Hai .



Once the Divine Race found out that their cannons were virtually useless, they had no choice but to abandon their magic cannons and slowly retreat .



When Zhao Hai saw that the Divine Race had abandoned their magic cannons, he couldn’t help but be happy . He immediately released the undead loaded with the Ark Continent’s magic cannons . Although they had a smaller power compared to the Divine Race’s cannons, the Divine Race had already abandoned their advantage the moment they left the walls .



The Divine Race were also able to discover this . However, it was already impossible for them to return to their cannons . The Ark Continent’s cannons had reached their firing distance, so if the Divine Race returned, then they would be placed under a rain of fire .



The Divine Race also knew that if they continued on like this, then they would only be defeated and wouldn’t be able to fight back . Because of this, the Divine Race soldiers proceeded to rush towards Zhao Hai .



Just as the Divine Race were more about 1000 meters away from Zhao Hai, a dark cloud was immediately spotted . Upon seeing this, Zhao Hai immediately knew what it was . The Divine Race just threw their javelins .



Although these javelins weren’t the same as Zhao Hai’s blood lightning javelins, their firing distance was still quite far . Moreover, they were quite lethal to average people .



However, they were up against Zhao Hai’s undead army . Against the undead, these javelins could only deal minimal damage .



Nobody could blame the Divine Race for not being able to adapt . After all, when they were planning to attack the continent, they knew that it was unlike the planes of the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan . The Ark Continent was just a lower plane with no God-rank experts .



Because of this information, the Divine Race didn’t develop new weapons upon coming to the Ark Continent . This caused them to lack attacking methods to deal with Zhao Hai . Their methods were either useless or did only a small damage to Zhao Hai .



Although the Taurus Divines had started to make new means of dealing with Zhao Hai, the time to develop this weapon would take more than one or two days . If they wanted to depend on this new weapon, then they would need to hold Zhao Hai back for some time .



Chapter 837 – Fire An army had already converged outside the Radiant Empire . However, the attackers didn’t attack immediately . They just kept their formations in preparation for their charge . Inside the Radiant Empire, the Divine Race has now gathered 20 million troops to fight . The borders of the Empire already had a long wall built equipped with magic cannons . All of the soldiers were in a neat formation floating in mid air . On the opposite side, there were also troops floating in mid air; the two armies of the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus, Zhao Hai’s undead army, and the Demon Race’s Devil Legion . The small number of Thunder Clan people were also present in the center . While looking at the Divine Race’s desperate situation, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh, “I didn’t expect us to be this quick to turn on the Divine Race . To be honest, when the Divine Race and you came, I didn’t think I would be able to see this day . ” Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the Demon Dragon King’s carriage, talking with the Demon Dragon King . The Demon Dragon King smiled and said, “When we came to attack the Ark Continent, we also didn’t expect to be able to settle inside a place much better in comparison . ” Zhao Hai gave out a chuckle, “In truth, if it weren’t for the Demons using an non-wicked method to come here, I wouldn’t have allowed you to settle in the Space . You should know that since the residents of the continent had moved, I didn’t have extra worries anymore . When the time comes, I can just slowly grind away at the Demons and the Divine Race . ” The Demon Dragon King knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t speaking nonsense . To be honest, after entering the Space, Zhao Hai’s mysterious ability, the Demon Dragon King already understood that if they didn’t become Zhao Hai’ allies, then they would sooner or later be tidied up . The Demon Dragon King smiled and then said, “This is the luck of our Demon Race . You should know that the Blood Void Formation needed live sacrifice as well . It’s fortunate that we chose the Demons, otherwise we would have suffered the same fate as the Divine Race . ” Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, “It’s good that the Demons think that the Dragons are better compared to the Humans . Or else you would’ve used Humans instead of Dragons . ” Just as the two were talking, Fei’er arrived by their side . Zhao Hai looked at Feier as the latter gave a salute, then Zhao Hai said, “Is everything prepared?” Fei’er nodded and said, “Yes, but as you can see, there are massive magic cannons placed on the walls . Even God-ranks are unable to resist the attacks from those cannons . Moreover, their range is much farther than the magic cannons of your Ark Continent . It is only because those things are huge and heavy that they were very inconvenient to bring to the battlefield . What we need to do right now is to take care of those cannons . Does mister have any way to do it?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Leave it to me . ” Then he waved his hand as he released a few rows of undead dragons . Mounted on top of their heads were magic cannons . Moreover, these cannons weren’t those from the Ark Continent, instead, they were the Divine Race’s magic cannons . Fei’er looked at the Dragons and stared . He has been with the Divine Race army for a long time so naturally he could identify that these magic cannons were from the Divine Race . Fei’er just didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would have those cannons of his own . Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and smiled, “When I attacked the Radiant Empire, I also took the opportunity to snatch some magic cannons for myself . It just so happens that they’re quite convenient to use today . ” Fei’er said, “It seems like we’ll have the Divine Race taste their own magic cannons . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly but he didn’t say anything . The magic cannons of the Divine Race were indeed large, however, Zhao Hai still didn’t think that they were strong enough . It was mainly because they lacked a good energy source . In the past, the Divine Race only used ordinary crystals to power them . Those magic crystals were in no way comparable to the magic cannons that Zhao Hai had now . With the superior crystals in his hands, Zhao Hai was able to improve the power of the magic cannons . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to take them out . Zhao Hai didn’t give an explanation to Fei’er as he waved his hand . After that, the dragons proceeded to go towards the Radiant Empire . They would only stop if they reach their firing distance . Besides the cannons, there were also four undead on top of each dragon, they’re main purpose was to man the weapon . Although Zhao Hai didn’t have that much magic cannons, he was still confident that his cannons were superior . No matter what, the might and firing distance of the cannons was improved thanks to Zhao Hai’s crystals . When the attack happens, the Divine Race’s cannons would be useless against Zhao Hai’s army . The dragons stopped when they reached their firing distance, at the same time, the undead started to arm the cannons . It didn’t take a long time before 40 red lights started to fly towards the Radiant Empire’s walls . This caused the Divines manning the cannons to be startled . They weren’t even able to get a defensive formation out before they were blasted by the red lights . One could say that the might of these cannons were far superior compared to the cannons of the Ark Continent . Although its crystal consumption was greater, Zhao Hai didn’t care about that right now, power was what he needed . Zhao Hai’s attack was beyond the Divine Race’s expectations . The Divine Race has heard of the Ark Continent’s cannons . Although they suffered a few attacks from the Ark Continent’s cannons, they still believed that their magic cannons were better . Because of this, the Divine Race were confident in defending the Radiant Empire . They were also able to see Zhao Hai’s undead dragons . Although the Dragons held the Divine Race’s giant cannons, the DIvine Race knew that Zhao Hai didn’t have that much with him . In their minds, they could fully suppress the enemy’s advance . However, they didn’t expect that Zhao Hai’s magic cannons would have a better firing distance compared to the Divine Race’s cannons . This caused the Divine Race to begin worrying about their defense . Zhao Hai didn’t care about the Divine Race’s thoughts . At this time, he made the undead continue on with their assault . To be honest, the walls were useless at this point . The Divine Race seemed to have focused their research on the magic cannons and had forgotten to study strong defensive formations . If the Divine Race had good defensive magic formations, they wouldn’t have been harassed by Zhao Hai’s tactics . Unfortunately, the Divine Race didn’t take magic formations very seriously . When the Divine Race had wars with the other races, they were always on the winning side . Because of this position, their rear areas were never attacked . This caused the Divine Race to grow complacent as time passed . Their arrogance had reached to the point that they had deemed defensive formations to be unnecessary . In the end, they neglect their study on defensive magic formations, this resulted in their suffering in the hands of Zhao Hai . Once the Divine Race found out that their cannons were virtually useless, they had no choice but to abandon their magic cannons and slowly retreat . When Zhao Hai saw that the Divine Race had abandoned their magic cannons, he couldn’t help but be happy . He immediately released the undead loaded with the Ark Continent’s magic cannons . Although they had a smaller power compared to the Divine Race’s cannons, the Divine Race had already abandoned their advantage the moment they left the walls . The Divine Race were also able to discover this . However, it was already impossible for them to return to their cannons . The Ark Continent’s cannons had reached their firing distance, so if the Divine Race returned, then they would be placed under a rain of fire . The Divine Race also knew that if they continued on like this, then they would only be defeated and wouldn’t be able to fight back . Because of this, the Divine Race soldiers proceeded to rush towards Zhao Hai . Just as the Divine Race were more about 1000 meters away from Zhao Hai, a dark cloud was immediately spotted . Upon seeing this, Zhao Hai immediately knew what it was . The Divine Race just threw their javelins . Although these javelins weren’t the same as Zhao Hai’s blood lightning javelins, their firing distance was still quite far . Moreover, they were quite lethal to average people . However, they were up against Zhao Hai’s undead army . Against the undead, these javelins could only deal minimal damage . Nobody could blame the Divine Race for not being able to adapt . After all, when they were planning to attack the continent, they knew that it was unlike the planes of the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan . The Ark Continent was just a lower plane with no God-rank experts . Because of this information, the Divine Race didn’t develop new weapons upon coming to the Ark Continent . This caused them to lack attacking methods to deal with Zhao Hai . Their methods were either useless or did only a small damage to Zhao Hai . Although the Taurus Divines had started to make new means of dealing with Zhao Hai, the time to develop this weapon would take more than one or two days . If they wanted to depend on this new weapon, then they would need to hold Zhao Hai back for some time .





* * *Chapter 838 – Fighting to Win



In the past, Zhao Hai was quite worried about the Divine Race’s javelin attack . However, Zhao Hai didn’t worry anymore . Now that Karen’s research has been completed, they could now use it in the army .



As the Divine Race’s javelins hit the periphery of the undead army, a red shield suddenly appeared . Upon hitting the red shield, the javelins were immediately burned to ash .



Currently, the crystals that Zhao Hai had the most were the fire element crystals . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to use it for the defensive formation . At the same time, he also wanted to see how powerful the defensive formation was .



Sure enough, the defensive formation didn’t disappoint Zhao Hai . Not only were the javelins blocked, they were also burned to ash . This was a testament to the defensive capability of the shield .



The Divine Race were shocked by the scene before them . It wasn’t only the Divine Race who were startled, Fei’er and the others held the same shocked expression on their faces . Only the Demon Dragon King kept calm, but he couldn’t stop the smile emerging from his face .



The reason why the Demon Dragon King was smiling was because Zhao Hai also equipped the Devil Legion with this defensive formation . This formation was mounted behind a large undead and was able to cover a large area . With this, whether advancing or retreating, the army would be protected either way .



The defensive shield shouldn’t be underestimated . Even if the shield wasn’t defensively strong, it still could block attacks . This would reduce casualties and in turn improve the soldier’s morale .



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t dare fighting the Divine Race before, but now, hehe . ” Then he had the magic cannons retreat as the other undead proceeded to push on .



This undead rush made the Divine Race panic . The reason for this was because the undead were all Divine Race soldiers . They were the fallen allies that were turned into undead .



The undead Divines initially rushed in a cube formation . But when they were about a kilometer away from the Divine Race army, they immediately turned into a rotating cone formation .



To be honest, there were only a few soldiers among the Divine Race army that wanted to face the Ark Continent at this point . Being faced with this cube formation composed of Divine Race undead made them utterly flustered .



However, the Divine Race were still worthy of their title . When the two armies clashed, their formation still kept solid . They were quickly able to establish their Domains and their formations .



But then, a scene of horror appeared in front of the Divine Race . As they raised their shields, the undead army did the same . This caused the initial state of battle to remain unchanged .



The speed of the cone’s rotation became even faster . This rotation didn’t have one person acting as the tip, instead, it had four people . Each member of the formation had sword-shaped Domains, it caused the entire formation to become a huge weapon .



There were a lot of these formations flying through the air, heading towards the Divine Race’s defensive formation . Each cone slowly became like sharp bamboo spears, spiralling towards the enemies .



These bamboo spears proceeded to skewer the Divine Race army . The formation became a meat grinder, every area they passed through would have flesh and blood flying all around .



Although the Divines had established their Domains, they became helpless in front of these bamboo spears . Ony by one, each of their Domains were broken through, shattered before they met their deaths .



Zhao Hai looked at the situation without any change to his expression . The Demon Dragon King by his side was also looking towards the clash, his face failing to hide his shock . To be honest, he knew that even the Devil Legion wouldn’t be able to accomplish such a formation . The coordination needed to perform such a feat was astronomical, not one person was allowed to fail . Even a small mistake would completely derail the formation .



The Demon Dragon King also knew that if the Devil Legion were to meet such a formation then even them would be punctured to death, there was no doubt about that .



At the same time, Fei’er and the others were also shaken by what they saw, all of them were rendered speechless . If Zhao Hai decided to deal with them using the same method, then they would surely be finished .



Although Zhao Hai was paying attention to his undead army, he had asked Cai’er to pay attention to his allies’ reactions . The reason he revealed the might of the cannons as well as the bamboo spear formation today was to show these people how formidable he was .



In any alliance, a leader would need to be present . Otherwise, the alliance would be in a state of disunity . Not to say dealing with the Divine Race, an alliance leader would be needed to reduce infighting .



But if one wanted to become the alliance leader, then one needed to show their might . This meant that Zhao Hai needed to stun his allies with this strength . Only with this method would the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and Thunder Clan listen to him . Otherwise, if Zhao Hai can’t do it, he might as well go back to the Space and sleep .



The thoughts of the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus have already been confirmed by Fei’er . It was precisely because of this that Zhao Hai decided to use the Divine Race as an example . He would kill the chicken in order to frighten the monkeys . This way, the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus would be afraid of him and obey his commands .



Zhao Hai was very glad about this alliance . This was because he knew that it would take a long time to deal with the Divine Race if he was alone . But with the help of more people, the time needed would be greatly reduced .



However, Zhao Hai didn’t want to listen to another person’s command . He still had the vigor of a young male, he didn’t want someone to dictate his actions .



Now it seems like the results were very good . The Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan were all shaken by his action . Later on, they wouldn’t have any reservations in following his command .



At this point, the Divine Race were flustered . They didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s attack to be this fierce . It gave them little to no chance to retaliate .



This time, the bamboo spear blistered into smaller bamboo spears . This caused the Divine Race army to be disturbed, finding it hard to keep their shape . In the end, the previously fearless Divine Race army started to have some deserters among their numbers .



In fact, Zhao Hai had used this bamboo spear formation once before, but since there weren’t so many people in the formation, its might wasn’t that big . But now that Zhao Hai had a lot of undead Divines in his hand, this allowed the formation to show its true might .



As the Divine Race soldiers ran away, Zhao Hai immediately gave an order to the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan to give chase .



Meanwhile, Zhao Hai directed his other undead to clean the battlefield . All weapons discarded by the Divine Race were all captured, this included the big magic cannons up on the walls .



The Divine Race soldiers left inside the Radiant Empire wasn’t a lot . The 20 million soldiers were almost all of the soldiers left . Now that the army has been routed, the entire Radiant Empire was now ripe for takeover .



All involved in this fight were strong experts, it wouldn’t be a problem for them to fight continuously for one or two days . However, the Divine Race were completely scared off by Zhao Hai . This caused them to be unable to muster up some courage . All of them were scampering to return back to the Divine Realm .



Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t just have them retreat easily . They continuously chased the Divine Race soldiers up to the rift . While the others were going with the assault, Zhao Hai was actually in the Radiant Empire gathering all the supplies that the Divine Race had left . The most important harvests that Zhao Hai gained were grains, Goblins, and magic cannons .



There were plenty of supplies inside the Radiant Church, all of which were taken by Zhao Hai . The Radiant Empire was different compared to the rest of the Ark Continent . The people of the Radiant Empire were all sacrificed by the Radiant Church . Because of this, their belongings were still present . This caused Zhao Hai’s harvest to be more than expected .



These supplies were not really good, most of them were even quite old . There wouldn’t be anyone in the Ark Continent who would want to use them . Even the Beastmen would decline such items . Zhao Hai had made a place like the church in the Beastman territory . This allowed the Beastmen to trade their goods for living materials that they need .



But this didn’t matter since Zhao Hai planned to hand these supplies over to the Demons and the Goblins . The Demons were completely lacking in living materials, they really didn’t have anything good to live with . Just like the Demon Dragon said, the Demons could quickly pack all of their belongings as well as get magic beasts and plants before moving to the Space . Even with this, there would still people who would come empty-handed . For these people, the Demon Dragon King had them carry stones for the Space in order to build their houses . The Demons were completely solid in their decision to keep the Space’s environment intact .



There was no need to say anything about the Goblins . Besides their old and ripped pants, they simply didn’t have anything else . Giving them these supplies would surely elevate their situation .



The Demon Dragon King has always been with Zhao Hai, therefore, he was able to see the undead basically scraping everything off the ground and then taking it to the Space . As long as something was useful, then it would be taken away . No matter if it was in good condition or bad, whether it was new or old, everything was taken . This caused the Demon Dragon King to be confused . However, the Demon Dragon King still kept an eye out for these things, the Demons were just too poor .



While Zhao Hai was proceeding with his plunder, the Divine Race continued to run back to the Divine Realm . In the final moments, a defensive troop stayed behind to stop the pursuing soldiers .



Although they were yet to attack the Divine Realm, Fei’er and the others were still very happy . They just managed to repel the Divine Race, this was definitely a good start to their plans . At the same time, it provided them confidence to fight against the Divine Race .



Zhao Hai also left some cities untouched . These cities were to be handed over to Fei’er and the others to rest in .



After exchanging words with Fei’er and the others, everyone went back to take a rest . Zhao Hai led the Devil Legion as they went back to the Demon’s Space .



Zhao Hai discovered that the Demon Space has greatly changed . A lot of Demons already had their houses built . Those who didn’t have their own house were also in the process of building them . The reason they were slow was because they almost exclusively used materials from the Ark Continent or the Demon Realm . They rarely acquired materials from the Space .



After seeing his people bustling about inside the Space, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but smile as he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I really want to give you my utmost gratitude . If it weren’t for you, I’m afraid my people wouldn’t be able to live this kind of life . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he waved his hand, “There’s no need to be too polite . Right, I just gained a lot of materials from the Radiant Empire . If you need them, I can provide a share of those things to you . What do you think?”



When the Demon Dragon King heard this, he couldn’t help but smile, “That would be great . Thanks . ” Zhao Hai smiled before he took out piles of those supplies out into the Space .



When the piles appeared, the Demon Dragon King immediately had people distribute them . After the Demon Dragon King was finished with his task, he was immediately invited by Zhao Hai inside the sword carriage . After the two sat down, Zhao Hai said, “Demon Dragon, I want to tell you something . A few days ago, another spatial rift appeared in the continent… . ” Then Zhao Hai told the Demon Dragon King about the Atlanta Plane .



The Demon Dragon King’s expression stayed tranquil . Now that the Demons were going to enter the Space, he doesn’t need to worry about this anymore . However, he knew that Zhao Hai must have a reason to tell him about this . Therefore, he kept listening . After Zhao Hai finished speaking, Demon Dragon asked, “What does mister want to do?”



Zhao Hai’s tone turned to serious as he said, “Eliminate them when they come . Then we’ll snatch their magic armors and use it to deal with the Divine Race . ”



The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Does mister want us to send some troops?”



Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I only have my eyes on them, but I can’t guarantee if we can use them in the future . I just told you about it so that you can prepare . I also want you to pick some Demons who are enthusiastic about magic formations . We’ll have them make their own magic armor as soon as possible . ”



The Demon Dragon King wrinkled his brows as he said, “Mister, why would you go through so much trouble? We can just grab their method of production and reproduce them in the Space . If Mister’s strength isn’t enough, the Demons can send troops to help you . ”



Chapter 838 – Fighting to Win In the past, Zhao Hai was quite worried about the Divine Race’s javelin attack . However, Zhao Hai didn’t worry anymore . Now that Karen’s research has been completed, they could now use it in the army . As the Divine Race’s javelins hit the periphery of the undead army, a red shield suddenly appeared . Upon hitting the red shield, the javelins were immediately burned to ash . Currently, the crystals that Zhao Hai had the most were the fire element crystals . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to use it for the defensive formation . At the same time, he also wanted to see how powerful the defensive formation was . Sure enough, the defensive formation didn’t disappoint Zhao Hai . Not only were the javelins blocked, they were also burned to ash . This was a testament to the defensive capability of the shield . The Divine Race were shocked by the scene before them . It wasn’t only the Divine Race who were startled, Fei’er and the others held the same shocked expression on their faces . Only the Demon Dragon King kept calm, but he couldn’t stop the smile emerging from his face . The reason why the Demon Dragon King was smiling was because Zhao Hai also equipped the Devil Legion with this defensive formation . This formation was mounted behind a large undead and was able to cover a large area . With this, whether advancing or retreating, the army would be protected either way . The defensive shield shouldn’t be underestimated . Even if the shield wasn’t defensively strong, it still could block attacks . This would reduce casualties and in turn improve the soldier’s morale . Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t dare fighting the Divine Race before, but now, hehe . ” Then he had the magic cannons retreat as the other undead proceeded to push on . This undead rush made the Divine Race panic . The reason for this was because the undead were all Divine Race soldiers . They were the fallen allies that were turned into undead . The undead Divines initially rushed in a cube formation . But when they were about a kilometer away from the Divine Race army, they immediately turned into a rotating cone formation . To be honest, there were only a few soldiers among the Divine Race army that wanted to face the Ark Continent at this point . Being faced with this cube formation composed of Divine Race undead made them utterly flustered . However, the Divine Race were still worthy of their title . When the two armies clashed, their formation still kept solid . They were quickly able to establish their Domains and their formations . But then, a scene of horror appeared in front of the Divine Race . As they raised their shields, the undead army did the same . This caused the initial state of battle to remain unchanged . The speed of the cone’s rotation became even faster . This rotation didn’t have one person acting as the tip, instead, it had four people . Each member of the formation had sword-shaped Domains, it caused the entire formation to become a huge weapon . There were a lot of these formations flying through the air, heading towards the Divine Race’s defensive formation . Each cone slowly became like sharp bamboo spears, spiralling towards the enemies . These bamboo spears proceeded to skewer the Divine Race army . The formation became a meat grinder, every area they passed through would have flesh and blood flying all around . Although the Divines had established their Domains, they became helpless in front of these bamboo spears . Ony by one, each of their Domains were broken through, shattered before they met their deaths . Zhao Hai looked at the situation without any change to his expression . The Demon Dragon King by his side was also looking towards the clash, his face failing to hide his shock . To be honest, he knew that even the Devil Legion wouldn’t be able to accomplish such a formation . The coordination needed to perform such a feat was astronomical, not one person was allowed to fail . Even a small mistake would completely derail the formation . The Demon Dragon King also knew that if the Devil Legion were to meet such a formation then even them would be punctured to death, there was no doubt about that . At the same time, Fei’er and the others were also shaken by what they saw, all of them were rendered speechless . If Zhao Hai decided to deal with them using the same method, then they would surely be finished . Although Zhao Hai was paying attention to his undead army, he had asked Cai’er to pay attention to his allies’ reactions . The reason he revealed the might of the cannons as well as the bamboo spear formation today was to show these people how formidable he was . In any alliance, a leader would need to be present . Otherwise, the alliance would be in a state of disunity . Not to say dealing with the Divine Race, an alliance leader would be needed to reduce infighting . But if one wanted to become the alliance leader, then one needed to show their might . This meant that Zhao Hai needed to stun his allies with this strength . Only with this method would the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and Thunder Clan listen to him . Otherwise, if Zhao Hai can’t do it, he might as well go back to the Space and sleep . The thoughts of the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus have already been confirmed by Fei’er . It was precisely because of this that Zhao Hai decided to use the Divine Race as an example . He would kill the chicken in order to frighten the monkeys . This way, the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus would be afraid of him and obey his commands . Zhao Hai was very glad about this alliance . This was because he knew that it would take a long time to deal with the Divine Race if he was alone . But with the help of more people, the time needed would be greatly reduced . However, Zhao Hai didn’t want to listen to another person’s command . He still had the vigor of a young male, he didn’t want someone to dictate his actions . Now it seems like the results were very good . The Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan were all shaken by his action . Later on, they wouldn’t have any reservations in following his command . At this point, the Divine Race were flustered . They didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s attack to be this fierce . It gave them little to no chance to retaliate . This time, the bamboo spear blistered into smaller bamboo spears . This caused the Divine Race army to be disturbed, finding it hard to keep their shape . In the end, the previously fearless Divine Race army started to have some deserters among their numbers . In fact, Zhao Hai had used this bamboo spear formation once before, but since there weren’t so many people in the formation, its might wasn’t that big . But now that Zhao Hai had a lot of undead Divines in his hand, this allowed the formation to show its true might . As the Divine Race soldiers ran away, Zhao Hai immediately gave an order to the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan to give chase . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai directed his other undead to clean the battlefield . All weapons discarded by the Divine Race were all captured, this included the big magic cannons up on the walls . The Divine Race soldiers left inside the Radiant Empire wasn’t a lot . The 20 million soldiers were almost all of the soldiers left . Now that the army has been routed, the entire Radiant Empire was now ripe for takeover . All involved in this fight were strong experts, it wouldn’t be a problem for them to fight continuously for one or two days . However, the Divine Race were completely scared off by Zhao Hai . This caused them to be unable to muster up some courage . All of them were scampering to return back to the Divine Realm . Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t just have them retreat easily . They continuously chased the Divine Race soldiers up to the rift . While the others were going with the assault, Zhao Hai was actually in the Radiant Empire gathering all the supplies that the Divine Race had left . The most important harvests that Zhao Hai gained were grains, Goblins, and magic cannons . There were plenty of supplies inside the Radiant Church, all of which were taken by Zhao Hai . The Radiant Empire was different compared to the rest of the Ark Continent . The people of the Radiant Empire were all sacrificed by the Radiant Church . Because of this, their belongings were still present . This caused Zhao Hai’s harvest to be more than expected . These supplies were not really good, most of them were even quite old . There wouldn’t be anyone in the Ark Continent who would want to use them . Even the Beastmen would decline such items . Zhao Hai had made a place like the church in the Beastman territory . This allowed the Beastmen to trade their goods for living materials that they need . But this didn’t matter since Zhao Hai planned to hand these supplies over to the Demons and the Goblins . The Demons were completely lacking in living materials, they really didn’t have anything good to live with . Just like the Demon Dragon said, the Demons could quickly pack all of their belongings as well as get magic beasts and plants before moving to the Space . Even with this, there would still people who would come empty-handed . For these people, the Demon Dragon King had them carry stones for the Space in order to build their houses . The Demons were completely solid in their decision to keep the Space’s environment intact . There was no need to say anything about the Goblins . Besides their old and ripped pants, they simply didn’t have anything else . Giving them these supplies would surely elevate their situation . The Demon Dragon King has always been with Zhao Hai, therefore, he was able to see the undead basically scraping everything off the ground and then taking it to the Space . As long as something was useful, then it would be taken away . No matter if it was in good condition or bad, whether it was new or old, everything was taken . This caused the Demon Dragon King to be confused . However, the Demon Dragon King still kept an eye out for these things, the Demons were just too poor . While Zhao Hai was proceeding with his plunder, the Divine Race continued to run back to the Divine Realm . In the final moments, a defensive troop stayed behind to stop the pursuing soldiers . Although they were yet to attack the Divine Realm, Fei’er and the others were still very happy . They just managed to repel the Divine Race, this was definitely a good start to their plans . At the same time, it provided them confidence to fight against the Divine Race . Zhao Hai also left some cities untouched . These cities were to be handed over to Fei’er and the others to rest in . After exchanging words with Fei’er and the others, everyone went back to take a rest . Zhao Hai led the Devil Legion as they went back to the Demon’s Space . Zhao Hai discovered that the Demon Space has greatly changed . A lot of Demons already had their houses built . Those who didn’t have their own house were also in the process of building them . The reason they were slow was because they almost exclusively used materials from the Ark Continent or the Demon Realm . They rarely acquired materials from the Space . After seeing his people bustling about inside the Space, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but smile as he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I really want to give you my utmost gratitude . If it weren’t for you, I’m afraid my people wouldn’t be able to live this kind of life . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he waved his hand, “There’s no need to be too polite . Right, I just gained a lot of materials from the Radiant Empire . If you need them, I can provide a share of those things to you . What do you think?” When the Demon Dragon King heard this, he couldn’t help but smile, “That would be great . Thanks . ” Zhao Hai smiled before he took out piles of those supplies out into the Space . When the piles appeared, the Demon Dragon King immediately had people distribute them . After the Demon Dragon King was finished with his task, he was immediately invited by Zhao Hai inside the sword carriage . After the two sat down, Zhao Hai said, “Demon Dragon, I want to tell you something . A few days ago, another spatial rift appeared in the continent… . ” Then Zhao Hai told the Demon Dragon King about the Atlanta Plane . The Demon Dragon King’s expression stayed tranquil . Now that the Demons were going to enter the Space, he doesn’t need to worry about this anymore . However, he knew that Zhao Hai must have a reason to tell him about this . Therefore, he kept listening . After Zhao Hai finished speaking, Demon Dragon asked, “What does mister want to do?” Zhao Hai’s tone turned to serious as he said, “Eliminate them when they come . Then we’ll snatch their magic armors and use it to deal with the Divine Race . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Does mister want us to send some troops?” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I only have my eyes on them, but I can’t guarantee if we can use them in the future . I just told you about it so that you can prepare . I also want you to pick some Demons who are enthusiastic about magic formations . We’ll have them make their own magic armor as soon as possible . ” The Demon Dragon King wrinkled his brows as he said, “Mister, why would you go through so much trouble? We can just grab their method of production and reproduce them in the Space . If Mister’s strength isn’t enough, the Demons can send troops to help you . ”





* * *













  839: 839

Chapter 839 – Demon Realm’s Beast Tide



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he heard this . It was a completely Demon-like response . If you want it, just rob it . It was just like when the Demons fancied the Ark continent . They didn’t think too much about it and just proceeded to invade .



After seeing Zhao Hai smile, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but be worried, “Mister? Did I make a mistake?”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “There’s nothing wrong . I don’t want to have a war with three planes right now . Therefore, we’ll just prepare to receive them in the future . ”



The Demon Dragon King stared, then he immediately understood Zhao Hai’s plan . Zhao Hai was currently in a war against the Divine Race, but the Underworld was also slowly creeping in . If the Atlanta Plane was added, then Zhao Hai would have three enemies . Having war with these three parties meant that the Ark Continent would be at war with three planes .



The Demon Dragon King frowned and said, “Then what is mister planning to do?”



Zhao Hai replied, “We’ll wait for them to invade the Ark Continent, then we’ll snatch their technology for our research . We’ll wait until we settle in the Divine Realm before thinking about going to the Atlanta Plane . ”



The Demon Dragon King thought about it before nodding . Their most important enemy at this time was the Divine Race . Although the people from the Atlanta Plane were also very dangerous, their threat was still inferior compared to the Divine Race . Moreover, they were now allied with the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan . If they shift their target to the Atlanta Plane, then that would be unfair to them . So first they need to deal with the Divine Race and then deal with the Atlanta Plane in the future .



The Demon Dragon King asked, “So what do we do now?”



Zhao Hai replied, “First, we need to deal with the Divine Race . We’ll focus on this goal first, we’ll put the other matters to the side . ”



The Demon Dragon King nodded . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly felt his messenger fish move . Zhao Hai stared before he immediately took it out . From the messenger fish was the Great Demon King’s voice, “Mister, are you in?’



Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he quickly replied, “I’m here . Your Majesty, do you need something?”



The Great Demon King immediately replied, “Mister, quickly close your spatial rift . A beast tide just formed in the Demon Realm . We don’t want those demon beasts to enter the Space . ”



Zhao Hai gawked, then his body immediately flashed towards the spatial rift . Currently, the spatial rift was outside a medium sized settlement in the Demon Realm . This allowed easy entry for the Demons heading towards the Space . However, the situation outside wasn’t very good to look at .



This wasn’t the first time that Zhao Hai had seen a beast tide . In the past, the Black Wasteland had also suffered a similar event . However, compared to the Black Wasteland, the beast tide of the Demon Realm was much much worse .



At this time, a flock of demon beasts blotted out the skies . These magic beasts were poised to attack the city while some were heading towards the spatial rift .



When Zhao Hai saw this scene, his two eyes immediately shone . He immediately gave the Great Demon King a reply through the messenger fish, “Your Majesty, there’s no need to worry . As long as I make some adjustments, I can also absorb those magic beasts into the Space . ”



Zhao Hai was just wondering as to how he could take magic beasts of the Demon Realm to the Space . But now, this opportunity actually came, so how could he just let this go . Zhao Hai didn’t close the spatial rift but instead shifted the destination . Instead of the Demon Space, the spatial rift was connected to the hell background .



The hell background was suited for darkness creatures to survive in . Since most of these magic beasts were of the darkness attribute, Zhao Hai could just place them all inside the hell background .



If they want to take those beasts to the Space, then they could only grasp them one by one or bait them in just like what Zhao Hai did in the Carrion Swamp . However, both of those methods were very hard to accomplish .



But now that the magic beasts were rushing towards the rift, Zhao Hai can use this opportunity to take them to the Space . Although these beasts were hostile towards him, the Space can just change this sentiment down until it disappears entirely .



The Space considers people and magic beasts to be two different beings . If a person has hostility towards the Space, then the Space couldn’t just change it instantaneously . It can only slowly turn the will of that person, subtly influencing that person’s thoughts .



But for magic beasts, the Space held more power . As long as Zhao Hai takes them to the Space, the magic beasts would immediately surrender . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about these magic beasts rampaging upon reaching the Space . Also, they might even provide some improvement to the Space’s level .



Although the Great Dragon King couldn’t understand Zhao Hai’s action, he still didn’t oppose to it . He believed that Zhao Hai knew what he was doing . And since he was busy defending the city, he didn’t have the focus to deal with Zhao Hai’s decision . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King immediately stored the messenger fish .



Before the magic beasts entered the Space, Zhao Hai quickly changed the background and opened new spatial rifts . This way, it would be easier for the magic beasts to enter the Space .



Then something shocking happened to the magic beasts . As Zhao Hai opened new rifts, the magic beasts immediately swarmed towards them, almost to the point where they were throwing themselves over .



The magic beasts attacking the city stopped their advance as they shifted their focus on the spatial rifts . Weaker magic beasts were even trampled by those much stronger than them .



Zhao Hai himself couldn’t help but get shocked upon seeing this . Although he wanted the magic beasts to enter, he didn’t think that it would be this case . This was completely out of his expectation .



The magic beasts went straight into the Space just like moths to a fire . This scene also attracted the attention of the Great Demon King . The Great Demon King was immediately worried about his people . He was afraid that those magic beasts would flood the Demons inside the Space . Because of this, he immediately took his messenger fish and contacted Zhao Hai, “Mister, mister, can you hear me?”



Zhao Hai took his messenger fish out and said, “Your Majesty, I can hear you . There’s no need to worry . I took the magic beasts to a place completely different from the Demon Space . Your Majesty can rest assured . ”



Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King’s heart couldn’t help but skip a beat . Although Zhao Hai’s words seemed simple, it gave the Great Demon King another piece of information . Zhao Hai’s Space actually had another place other than the Ark Space and the Demon Space . It might even be multiple other places .



The Great Demon King found out that everytime he gauges Zhao Hai’s strength, he would still be underestimating him . If Zhao Hai can settle the Ark Continent’s residents on one place while settling the Demons to another, then this means that Zhao Hai could settle another race inside a different Space . If Zhao Hai continues to accumulate people this way, then his faith power would be greater than what the Divine Race would provide .



Zhao Hai didn’t think about any of these as he was look satisfactorily at the magic beasts rushing towards the Space . This was a completely good thing for him . He also heard prompts here and there as the Space introduced different magic beasts to him while also subduing them . Later on, Zhao Hai would be able to use these magic beasts as his subordinates .



Zhao Hai fancied these magic beasts from the Demon Realm . Their strength was formidable . Moreover, they were the most suitable to become mounts . In addition to their strength, each one of them were unafraid of death . This was a problem prevalent with magic beasts found in the Ark Continent .



There were too many magic beasts, so it took them some time before they entered the Space . Fortunately, these magic beasts were completely focused on the Space . This allowed Zhao Hai to stop worrying about them .



After looking at it for a while, Zhao Hai returned to the Space’s villa . When he arrived at the living room, he saw Laura and the others sitting there, looking at the Demon Realm’s beast tide .



After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er do you know why those magic beasts suddenly rushed to the Space?”



Cai’er smiled and said, “It’s possibly because the young master has changed the background . Most of these beasts had the darkness attribute and the hell background can improve the darkness attribute . For these magic beasts, it was basically an instinct to seek for improvement . Possibly, they were able to sense the hell background and couldn’t help but rush towards it . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and then replied, “That’s great . Having those beasts inside the Space is definitely a good thing for us . If those magic beasts come, then it’s possible that they can upgrade the Space . ”



Cai’er smiled and said, “I don’t think that would be possible . Although there are a lot of magic beasts, the types present aren’t many . Moreover, most of them are weak magic beasts . If they didn’t enter the Space, they would’ve been killed by stronger magic beasts . Depending on these beasts to upgrade the Space is just not possible . ”



Zhao Hai agreed, he nodded and said, “Even if they can’t upgrade the Space, having them is still good for us . A lot of these magic beasts are quite strong, not quite inferior compared to God-ranks . Having them enter the Space would improve our strength . ”



Chapter 839 – Demon Realm’s Beast Tide Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he heard this . It was a completely Demon-like response . If you want it, just rob it . It was just like when the Demons fancied the Ark continent . They didn’t think too much about it and just proceeded to invade . After seeing Zhao Hai smile, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but be worried, “Mister? Did I make a mistake?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “There’s nothing wrong . I don’t want to have a war with three planes right now . Therefore, we’ll just prepare to receive them in the future . ” The Demon Dragon King stared, then he immediately understood Zhao Hai’s plan . Zhao Hai was currently in a war against the Divine Race, but the Underworld was also slowly creeping in . If the Atlanta Plane was added, then Zhao Hai would have three enemies . Having war with these three parties meant that the Ark Continent would be at war with three planes . The Demon Dragon King frowned and said, “Then what is mister planning to do?” Zhao Hai replied, “We’ll wait for them to invade the Ark Continent, then we’ll snatch their technology for our research . We’ll wait until we settle in the Divine Realm before thinking about going to the Atlanta Plane . ” The Demon Dragon King thought about it before nodding . Their most important enemy at this time was the Divine Race . Although the people from the Atlanta Plane were also very dangerous, their threat was still inferior compared to the Divine Race . Moreover, they were now allied with the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan . If they shift their target to the Atlanta Plane, then that would be unfair to them . So first they need to deal with the Divine Race and then deal with the Atlanta Plane in the future . The Demon Dragon King asked, “So what do we do now?” Zhao Hai replied, “First, we need to deal with the Divine Race . We’ll focus on this goal first, we’ll put the other matters to the side . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly felt his messenger fish move . Zhao Hai stared before he immediately took it out . From the messenger fish was the Great Demon King’s voice, “Mister, are you in?’ Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he quickly replied, “I’m here . Your Majesty, do you need something?” The Great Demon King immediately replied, “Mister, quickly close your spatial rift . A beast tide just formed in the Demon Realm . We don’t want those demon beasts to enter the Space . ” Zhao Hai gawked, then his body immediately flashed towards the spatial rift . Currently, the spatial rift was outside a medium sized settlement in the Demon Realm . This allowed easy entry for the Demons heading towards the Space . However, the situation outside wasn’t very good to look at . This wasn’t the first time that Zhao Hai had seen a beast tide . In the past, the Black Wasteland had also suffered a similar event . However, compared to the Black Wasteland, the beast tide of the Demon Realm was much much worse . At this time, a flock of demon beasts blotted out the skies . These magic beasts were poised to attack the city while some were heading towards the spatial rift . When Zhao Hai saw this scene, his two eyes immediately shone . He immediately gave the Great Demon King a reply through the messenger fish, “Your Majesty, there’s no need to worry . As long as I make some adjustments, I can also absorb those magic beasts into the Space . ” Zhao Hai was just wondering as to how he could take magic beasts of the Demon Realm to the Space . But now, this opportunity actually came, so how could he just let this go . Zhao Hai didn’t close the spatial rift but instead shifted the destination . Instead of the Demon Space, the spatial rift was connected to the hell background . The hell background was suited for darkness creatures to survive in . Since most of these magic beasts were of the darkness attribute, Zhao Hai could just place them all inside the hell background . If they want to take those beasts to the Space, then they could only grasp them one by one or bait them in just like what Zhao Hai did in the Carrion Swamp . However, both of those methods were very hard to accomplish . But now that the magic beasts were rushing towards the rift, Zhao Hai can use this opportunity to take them to the Space . Although these beasts were hostile towards him, the Space can just change this sentiment down until it disappears entirely . The Space considers people and magic beasts to be two different beings . If a person has hostility towards the Space, then the Space couldn’t just change it instantaneously . It can only slowly turn the will of that person, subtly influencing that person’s thoughts . But for magic beasts, the Space held more power . As long as Zhao Hai takes them to the Space, the magic beasts would immediately surrender . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about these magic beasts rampaging upon reaching the Space . Also, they might even provide some improvement to the Space’s level . Although the Great Dragon King couldn’t understand Zhao Hai’s action, he still didn’t oppose to it . He believed that Zhao Hai knew what he was doing . And since he was busy defending the city, he didn’t have the focus to deal with Zhao Hai’s decision . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King immediately stored the messenger fish . Before the magic beasts entered the Space, Zhao Hai quickly changed the background and opened new spatial rifts . This way, it would be easier for the magic beasts to enter the Space . Then something shocking happened to the magic beasts . As Zhao Hai opened new rifts, the magic beasts immediately swarmed towards them, almost to the point where they were throwing themselves over . The magic beasts attacking the city stopped their advance as they shifted their focus on the spatial rifts . Weaker magic beasts were even trampled by those much stronger than them . Zhao Hai himself couldn’t help but get shocked upon seeing this . Although he wanted the magic beasts to enter, he didn’t think that it would be this case . This was completely out of his expectation . The magic beasts went straight into the Space just like moths to a fire . This scene also attracted the attention of the Great Demon King . The Great Demon King was immediately worried about his people . He was afraid that those magic beasts would flood the Demons inside the Space . Because of this, he immediately took his messenger fish and contacted Zhao Hai, “Mister, mister, can you hear me?” Zhao Hai took his messenger fish out and said, “Your Majesty, I can hear you . There’s no need to worry . I took the magic beasts to a place completely different from the Demon Space . Your Majesty can rest assured . ” Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King’s heart couldn’t help but skip a beat . Although Zhao Hai’s words seemed simple, it gave the Great Demon King another piece of information . Zhao Hai’s Space actually had another place other than the Ark Space and the Demon Space . It might even be multiple other places . The Great Demon King found out that everytime he gauges Zhao Hai’s strength, he would still be underestimating him . If Zhao Hai can settle the Ark Continent’s residents on one place while settling the Demons to another, then this means that Zhao Hai could settle another race inside a different Space . If Zhao Hai continues to accumulate people this way, then his faith power would be greater than what the Divine Race would provide . Zhao Hai didn’t think about any of these as he was look satisfactorily at the magic beasts rushing towards the Space . This was a completely good thing for him . He also heard prompts here and there as the Space introduced different magic beasts to him while also subduing them . Later on, Zhao Hai would be able to use these magic beasts as his subordinates . Zhao Hai fancied these magic beasts from the Demon Realm . Their strength was formidable . Moreover, they were the most suitable to become mounts . In addition to their strength, each one of them were unafraid of death . This was a problem prevalent with magic beasts found in the Ark Continent . There were too many magic beasts, so it took them some time before they entered the Space . Fortunately, these magic beasts were completely focused on the Space . This allowed Zhao Hai to stop worrying about them . After looking at it for a while, Zhao Hai returned to the Space’s villa . When he arrived at the living room, he saw Laura and the others sitting there, looking at the Demon Realm’s beast tide . After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er do you know why those magic beasts suddenly rushed to the Space?” Cai’er smiled and said, “It’s possibly because the young master has changed the background . Most of these beasts had the darkness attribute and the hell background can improve the darkness attribute . For these magic beasts, it was basically an instinct to seek for improvement . Possibly, they were able to sense the hell background and couldn’t help but rush towards it . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then replied, “That’s great . Having those beasts inside the Space is definitely a good thing for us . If those magic beasts come, then it’s possible that they can upgrade the Space . ” Cai’er smiled and said, “I don’t think that would be possible . Although there are a lot of magic beasts, the types present aren’t many . Moreover, most of them are weak magic beasts . If they didn’t enter the Space, they would’ve been killed by stronger magic beasts . Depending on these beasts to upgrade the Space is just not possible . ” Zhao Hai agreed, he nodded and said, “Even if they can’t upgrade the Space, having them is still good for us . A lot of these magic beasts are quite strong, not quite inferior compared to God-ranks . Having them enter the Space would improve our strength . ”





* * *Chapter 840 – Fighting a Battle To Force A Decision



The beast tide of the Demon Realm, although it was only a fleeting event, allowed Zhao Hai to gain a lot of benefits . After the magic beasts charged to the Space, Zhao Hai immediately changed the spatial rift’s destination back to the Demon Space . After that, Zhao Hai went and informed the Great Demon King to have the Demons continue their move .



Zhao Hai had also finished his matter with the Demon Dragon King, so naturally he wouldn’t stay in the Demon Space for long . He went to rest in the villa for a while before walking out to find Fei’er .



Fei’er and the others were now resting inside the cities of the Radiant Empire . Since the cities were converted into military compounds, they still had few commodities present, so Fei’er and the others weren’t worried about what to eat . However, the fight that just happened had truly given them a shock .



Zhao Hai’s fighting strength stunned them . They didn’t think that Zhao Hai was so strong, he wasn’t any weaker than the Divine Race .



Most importantly, after killing the Divine Race today, Zhao Hai would gain more undead Divines, improving his strength once more .



Because of this, after Fei’er and the others settled their people, they immediately gathered together and discussed Zhao Hai . It can be seen that the result of Zhao Hai’s use of power has yielded its result .



Fei’er looked at Shan and Yue as he sighed and said, “You two, you should have seen Zhao Hai’s strength . To be honest, I wasn’t expecting him to be that strong as well . I know you have some reservations towards him for killing your people . Nevertheless, we’re going against a common enemy right now . WIth Zhao Hai being the main powerhouse, our people would die less . I hope you two can put your enmity aside and cooperate with Zhao Hai . ”



Shan and Yue looked at each other before simultaneously nodding . Yue then said, “It’s true that we have some hatred towards Zhao Hai, however, we hate the Divine Race even more . Moreover, we haven’t seen Zhao Hai use our people in his battles . It’s quite obvious that he wants to save face for us . ”



Shan added, “Right, compared to the Divine Race, our hatred for Zhao Hai is small . In fact, we really can’t blame Zhao Hai for killing our people . It is the Divine Race’s fault for sending them to the battlefield . Zhao Hai is just trying to defend his homeland . ”



Upon hearing the two, Fei’er let out a sigh of relief . Then he gave a nod as he said, “Then that’s good . Our greatest enemy is the Divine Race, we should focus on them . ”



Shan and Yue nodded . They weren’t clueless people, they knew that Zhao Hai’s strength can only bring them benefits and no harm . As for what happens after they defeated the Taurus Divines in the Divine Realm, they didn’t think about that yet . They weren’t even sure if they could do such a thing .



Shan looked at Fei’er and said, “Feier, with the current situation, our people have already started out move . At this point, the Divine Race have guarded the spatial rift . Should we attack the Taurus continent like mister Zhao Hai said?” At this time, a soldier suddenly gave a report, “Mister Zhao Hai came to talk . ”



The three looked at each other before they all stood up . “Quickly invite him inside”, Fei’er said . Then the three went forward to see Zhao Hai .



After Zhao Hai came in and saw that the three were together, he couldn’t help but smile . Then he gave the three a salute and said, “I didn’t think all three of you would be here . Let’s discuss what to do next . ”



Fei’er smiled and said, “We’re also about to talk to mister regarding this . However, we didn’t have the means to meet mister, please excuse us . ” Fei’er purposely forgot about the messenger fish that Zhao Hai gave him .



Zhao Hai understood that Fei’er was just being polite, he didn’t mind it as he smiled and said, “It’s fine . I also like to go around places, so you don’t need to worry . ” After that, all of them entered the hall .



The place they were in was a church in the city . This was a strange thing in the Radiant Empire . Generally, the city lord’s mansion would be the most noteworthy structure in any place, however, in the Radiant Empire, it was the church .



The church was made magnificently . Its walls were full of murals, it was very beautiful . The murals depicted scenes glorifying the Divine Race, like how they managed to defeat Demons . There really wasn’t much history shown .



This was the first time that Zhao Hai managed to see the inside of a church . Now that he saw it, he couldn’t help but admit that it looked good . One could feel how tranquil it was inside, the murals were very artistic as well .



Suddenly, Zhao Hai noticed Winged Pegasus people on one of the murals . The Winged Pegasus were riding their mounts as they held their knight’s spear and battled with a Demon .



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but chuckle, then he turned to Yue and said, “I didn’t think that the Winged Pegasus people would be part of the Radiant Church’s stories . They could even fight alongside the Divine Race . ” Then he pointed towards the mural .



Yue had just met with Fei’er, so he wasn’t able to notice the mural . Now that Zhao Hai pointed it out, he turned his head to look at it . Then he snorted and said, “Those are just nonsense made up by the Divine Race . Those bastards, we’ll never worship them . ”



What Yue said wasn’t wrong . While the Divine Race drew the Winged Pegasus on the mural, they don’t actually treat them as equals . Instead, the Divine Race wanted to assimilate them into their civilization by erasing their culture . This way, they would become the Divine Race’s faithful dog .



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Divine Race has always been like this . They also wanted to control the Ark Continent by using the Radiant Church . If it wasn’t for our early discovery about their plot, the situation wouldn’t have been like this . ”



Fei’er and the others nodded . Then after the group had sat down, a Thunder Clan member brought over some clear water . The Divine Race prohibited wines being consumed by their troops, so they didn’t bring anything with them . At this point, the only thing they can provide Zhao Hai was water . Zhao Hai didn’t mind it too much as he took a sip of the water before he said, “I came to visit because I want to discuss how to attack the Divine Race . I also want to listen to your thoughts . ”



Fei’er and the other two looked at one another, they had a gaze that Zhao Hai didn’t understand . After some time, Fei’er turned his head and said, “What does mister plan to do?” Zhao Hai looked at the three before he smiled and said, “I plan to force a battle so that the Taurus Divines would be compelled to make a move . We need to take care of the remaining Taurus Divines before we can proceed to the Divine Realm . ”



The three nodded their heads . They understood how this worked . Shan opened his mouth and said, “We also thought about this matter . I believe our people have already started to battle with the Divine Race . At this point, the Divine Race wouldn’t be able to send more troops to deal with us . We can use this opportunity to attack the Divine Race in one swoop . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, “So you already thought about it, then that makes everything better . Right, since we’re now allies, I won’t hide things from you . As you can see, the Demons have already become part of my people . Also, in the Ark Continent’s Beastman Prairie, a spatial rift to the underworld has appeared . At this point, the underworld’s dark mist and undead creatures are already slowly creeping their way into the center of the continent . Moreover, on the south of the continent is another spatial rift . This rift is connected to a plane called the Atlanta Plane . The people from that plane aren’t weak . Most importantly, they have 10-meter tall magic armors made out of iron . These magic armors can be controlled by the people from the Atlanta plane and are very powerful . With these two enemies, I decided to move the entire population of the Ark Continent . I need to be clear about this to you three . The situation is very bad for us . We need to eliminate the remaining Divines and set a foothold in the Divine Realm . Otherwise, we would be sandwiched between two powerful enemies . ”



Fei’er and the others were shocked upon hearing this . They never expected these things to be present in the Ark Continent . Especially those people with magic armors .



Suddenly, Fei’er’s eyes shone, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are those magic armors like the ones made by the Goblins?”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “They are . However, their magic armors are much better in comparison . If the Goblins had the same quality of magic armor, then they wouldn’t have been reduced to being slaves . ”



Fei’er nodded . He had seen Goblin-made iron golems before . This golem was treated as a victory trophy by Thunder Yun at his home .



Actually, this trophy wasn’t acquired by Thunder Yun himself . Instead, it was something passed down in their family . The Goblins were subjugated way before the Thunder Clan were discovered . When Fei’er became Thunder Yun’s guard, the name ‘goblin’ was already synonymous with slave .



However, that iron golem actually scared Fei’er . Compared to the Thunder Clan, the body of those iron golems were much bigger . Because of this, the memory of that golem failed to escape Fei’er’s mind .



Chapter 840 – Fighting a Battle To Force A Decision The beast tide of the Demon Realm, although it was only a fleeting event, allowed Zhao Hai to gain a lot of benefits . After the magic beasts charged to the Space, Zhao Hai immediately changed the spatial rift’s destination back to the Demon Space . After that, Zhao Hai went and informed the Great Demon King to have the Demons continue their move . Zhao Hai had also finished his matter with the Demon Dragon King, so naturally he wouldn’t stay in the Demon Space for long . He went to rest in the villa for a while before walking out to find Fei’er . Fei’er and the others were now resting inside the cities of the Radiant Empire . Since the cities were converted into military compounds, they still had few commodities present, so Fei’er and the others weren’t worried about what to eat . However, the fight that just happened had truly given them a shock . Zhao Hai’s fighting strength stunned them . They didn’t think that Zhao Hai was so strong, he wasn’t any weaker than the Divine Race . Most importantly, after killing the Divine Race today, Zhao Hai would gain more undead Divines, improving his strength once more . Because of this, after Fei’er and the others settled their people, they immediately gathered together and discussed Zhao Hai . It can be seen that the result of Zhao Hai’s use of power has yielded its result . Fei’er looked at Shan and Yue as he sighed and said, “You two, you should have seen Zhao Hai’s strength . To be honest, I wasn’t expecting him to be that strong as well . I know you have some reservations towards him for killing your people . Nevertheless, we’re going against a common enemy right now . WIth Zhao Hai being the main powerhouse, our people would die less . I hope you two can put your enmity aside and cooperate with Zhao Hai . ” Shan and Yue looked at each other before simultaneously nodding . Yue then said, “It’s true that we have some hatred towards Zhao Hai, however, we hate the Divine Race even more . Moreover, we haven’t seen Zhao Hai use our people in his battles . It’s quite obvious that he wants to save face for us . ” Shan added, “Right, compared to the Divine Race, our hatred for Zhao Hai is small . In fact, we really can’t blame Zhao Hai for killing our people . It is the Divine Race’s fault for sending them to the battlefield . Zhao Hai is just trying to defend his homeland . ” Upon hearing the two, Fei’er let out a sigh of relief . Then he gave a nod as he said, “Then that’s good . Our greatest enemy is the Divine Race, we should focus on them . ” Shan and Yue nodded . They weren’t clueless people, they knew that Zhao Hai’s strength can only bring them benefits and no harm . As for what happens after they defeated the Taurus Divines in the Divine Realm, they didn’t think about that yet . They weren’t even sure if they could do such a thing . Shan looked at Fei’er and said, “Feier, with the current situation, our people have already started out move . At this point, the Divine Race have guarded the spatial rift . Should we attack the Taurus continent like mister Zhao Hai said?” At this time, a soldier suddenly gave a report, “Mister Zhao Hai came to talk . ” The three looked at each other before they all stood up . “Quickly invite him inside”, Fei’er said . Then the three went forward to see Zhao Hai . After Zhao Hai came in and saw that the three were together, he couldn’t help but smile . Then he gave the three a salute and said, “I didn’t think all three of you would be here . Let’s discuss what to do next . ” Fei’er smiled and said, “We’re also about to talk to mister regarding this . However, we didn’t have the means to meet mister, please excuse us . ” Fei’er purposely forgot about the messenger fish that Zhao Hai gave him . Zhao Hai understood that Fei’er was just being polite, he didn’t mind it as he smiled and said, “It’s fine . I also like to go around places, so you don’t need to worry . ” After that, all of them entered the hall . The place they were in was a church in the city . This was a strange thing in the Radiant Empire . Generally, the city lord’s mansion would be the most noteworthy structure in any place, however, in the Radiant Empire, it was the church . The church was made magnificently . Its walls were full of murals, it was very beautiful . The murals depicted scenes glorifying the Divine Race, like how they managed to defeat Demons . There really wasn’t much history shown . This was the first time that Zhao Hai managed to see the inside of a church . Now that he saw it, he couldn’t help but admit that it looked good . One could feel how tranquil it was inside, the murals were very artistic as well . Suddenly, Zhao Hai noticed Winged Pegasus people on one of the murals . The Winged Pegasus were riding their mounts as they held their knight’s spear and battled with a Demon . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but chuckle, then he turned to Yue and said, “I didn’t think that the Winged Pegasus people would be part of the Radiant Church’s stories . They could even fight alongside the Divine Race . ” Then he pointed towards the mural . Yue had just met with Fei’er, so he wasn’t able to notice the mural . Now that Zhao Hai pointed it out, he turned his head to look at it . Then he snorted and said, “Those are just nonsense made up by the Divine Race . Those bastards, we’ll never worship them . ” What Yue said wasn’t wrong . While the Divine Race drew the Winged Pegasus on the mural, they don’t actually treat them as equals . Instead, the Divine Race wanted to assimilate them into their civilization by erasing their culture . This way, they would become the Divine Race’s faithful dog . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Divine Race has always been like this . They also wanted to control the Ark Continent by using the Radiant Church . If it wasn’t for our early discovery about their plot, the situation wouldn’t have been like this . ” Fei’er and the others nodded . Then after the group had sat down, a Thunder Clan member brought over some clear water . The Divine Race prohibited wines being consumed by their troops, so they didn’t bring anything with them . At this point, the only thing they can provide Zhao Hai was water . Zhao Hai didn’t mind it too much as he took a sip of the water before he said, “I came to visit because I want to discuss how to attack the Divine Race . I also want to listen to your thoughts . ” Fei’er and the other two looked at one another, they had a gaze that Zhao Hai didn’t understand . After some time, Fei’er turned his head and said, “What does mister plan to do?” Zhao Hai looked at the three before he smiled and said, “I plan to force a battle so that the Taurus Divines would be compelled to make a move . We need to take care of the remaining Taurus Divines before we can proceed to the Divine Realm . ” The three nodded their heads . They understood how this worked . Shan opened his mouth and said, “We also thought about this matter . I believe our people have already started to battle with the Divine Race . At this point, the Divine Race wouldn’t be able to send more troops to deal with us . We can use this opportunity to attack the Divine Race in one swoop . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “So you already thought about it, then that makes everything better . Right, since we’re now allies, I won’t hide things from you . As you can see, the Demons have already become part of my people . Also, in the Ark Continent’s Beastman Prairie, a spatial rift to the underworld has appeared . At this point, the underworld’s dark mist and undead creatures are already slowly creeping their way into the center of the continent . Moreover, on the south of the continent is another spatial rift . This rift is connected to a plane called the Atlanta Plane . The people from that plane aren’t weak . Most importantly, they have 10-meter tall magic armors made out of iron . These magic armors can be controlled by the people from the Atlanta plane and are very powerful . With these two enemies, I decided to move the entire population of the Ark Continent . I need to be clear about this to you three . The situation is very bad for us . We need to eliminate the remaining Divines and set a foothold in the Divine Realm . Otherwise, we would be sandwiched between two powerful enemies . ” Fei’er and the others were shocked upon hearing this . They never expected these things to be present in the Ark Continent . Especially those people with magic armors . Suddenly, Fei’er’s eyes shone, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are those magic armors like the ones made by the Goblins?” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “They are . However, their magic armors are much better in comparison . If the Goblins had the same quality of magic armor, then they wouldn’t have been reduced to being slaves . ” Fei’er nodded . He had seen Goblin-made iron golems before . This golem was treated as a victory trophy by Thunder Yun at his home . Actually, this trophy wasn’t acquired by Thunder Yun himself . Instead, it was something passed down in their family . The Goblins were subjugated way before the Thunder Clan were discovered . When Fei’er became Thunder Yun’s guard, the name ‘goblin’ was already synonymous with slave . However, that iron golem actually scared Fei’er . Compared to the Thunder Clan, the body of those iron golems were much bigger . Because of this, the memory of that golem failed to escape Fei’er’s mind .





* * *Chapter 841 – Right to Speak!



In fact, when the Divines were subjugating the Goblins, they having quite the trouble . Although the Goblins didn’t focus their research on weapons, they still had their magic cannons and magic armors . The power of both of those were extraordinary .



The Divines were completely terrified about those two things . They believed that if they made the Goblins continue to develop then they would sooner or later reach a dominant status compared to the Divine Race . Because of this, the Divines decided to eliminate the Goblins and prevent them from continuing on with their research .



The magic cannons were left to the Divine Race, of which they used to conquer various other planes .



The Divine Race also thought about researching the metal armors to improve their overall strength . However, the metal golems were just too complex . The Goblins used a lot of secret techniques in order to manufacture them, and those secrets couldn’t be acquired by the Divine Race . In the end, the Divines did their best to stop those things from being made . After all, the iron golems were able to kill a lot of Divine Race soldiers .



Fei’er and the others didn’t know about any of these . In the Divine Realm, the battle against the Divines and the Goblins were minimally recorded . Fei’er only saw a broken metal armor, but although it was broken, it still left a very deep impression on him .



Now that Fei’er heard that Atlanta Continent’s magic armors were more advanced than the ones made by the Goblins, he couldn’t help but stare . After some time, his complexion turned ugly as he said, “Mister, are you telling the truth?”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “How could I lie about this matter . Right, I have some kind of magic . I learned it from the Fishman Race . It allows me to save what I had seen before . Take a look . ” Then he waved his hand and showed the scene with Axe .



The big metal armor made Fei’er and the others gasp . Only when Axe’s armor transformed into an aircraft and left Blazing Island did they manage to recover . But it still took them a long time before a word went out of their mouths .



Zhao Hai retrieved the monitor before he looked the three and said, “Those are the flying magic armors of the Atlanta Continent . Before I arrived, they already eliminated magic beasts and flame demons of Blazing Island . Moreover, it only took them a short time to do so . ”



Fei’er looked confused at Zhao Hai as he asked, “Mister, how did you know that they have arrived in the Ark Continent?”



Upon hearing Fei’er, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, “Everybody wonders how I am able to know what happens in the Ark Continent . Let me tell you in simple words . I have scouts all throughout the continent . Almost all of the continent is under my watch . ”



Fei’er didn’t say anything, he believed Zhao Hai’s words . When Zhao Hai was fighting against the Divine Race, he was always a step ahead . If Zhao Hai didn’t have his eyes on the continent, that feat would’ve been impossible .



Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “But me discovering them only came due to an accident . At that time I wanted to sneak an attack against the Radiant Empire . Since you were entangled at Accra Mountain, I encircled all around to attack the south of the Empire . It was then that I managed to see them . ”



Fei’er and the others didn’t doubt this point . After they came here, they found out that the Radiant Empire has already been destroyed . Moreover the damage seemed to come from the southeast then headed northwest . It wouldn’t be strange if Zhao Hai met the people from the Atlanta Plane at that time .



Barbarian Shan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Is mister confident in blocking the attack from the Atlanta Continent?”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ve already considered this point . Don’t forget, there’s a strange and dangerous enemy currently in the Ark Continent . The Underworld!”



The Divine Race only understood about half of the underworld . Just as Zhao Hai said, the underworld was too strange . Even the Divine Race wouldn’t dare open a spatial rift towards the underworld since they didn’t have a full grasp of its properties .



It was because of this mystery that it was deemed dangerous . Fei’er and the others nodded, they also understood what Zhao Hai said . Now that the underworld’s spatial rift has been opened, its creatures would surely reach the center of the Ark Continent . Once the Atlanta Plane decided to conquer the Ark Continent, they would surely come into conflict with the Underworld . At that time, the Atlanta Plane would have no time attack Zhao Hai’s group .



After hearing this, Fei’er and the others relaxed . However, their expression suddenly changed, they remembered that the Underworld affected them as well .



The Underworld being in the Ark Continent meant that the underworld creatures would surely reach the spatial rift . When the time comes, they would be able to reach the Divine Realm . If they were to overrun the Divine Realm, then that would be extremely troublesome .



Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and immediately knew what they were thinking . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You don’t have to worry, they won’t reach us for some time . We’ll deal with the Divine Race first . Even if we can’t finish it, we can still use the Taurus Continent as a battlefield . Additionally, we can also find ways to close the spatial rifts of your own planes . You can’t do it before because of the Divines, but now nobody will be able to stop it . ”



Fei’er and the others thought that Zhao Hai’s idea was reasonable . In the past, the Divine Race were stopping them from closing the spatial rift . But now they weren’t under the Divine Race’s control anymore . As long as the Taurus Divines were dealt with, who would be able to stop them?



Fei’er nodded and said, “That’s true . So it looks like dealing with the Divine Race is our foremost goal . Mister, will we be attacking tomorrow?”



Zhao Hai nodded, “It would be best if we do our attack tomorrow . Moreover, I’ll tell you that the Demons already had a prior meeting with the underworld . A spatial rift appeared in the Demon Realm that was connected to the Underworld . In the end, they were able to seal that rift . So as long as we buy enough time, we should be able to seal the spatial rift here . You don’t have to worry about it . ”



Fei’er and the others felt their hearts loosen . Then Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Then we’ll prepare for the attack tomorrow . Right, Mister, can we have some liquor? Our people have been stressed all this time . They needed to some liquor to aid their weariness . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That is not a problem . I’ll have some people send it later . But don’t drink too much, we don’t want to affect your performance tomorrow . ” Fei’er immediately nodded .



Zhao Hai discussed further details about tomorrow’s attack before taking his leave . While Zhao Hai left, Fei’er and the others remained inside the hall . Shan turned to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, do you think that mister Zhao Hai’s words are true?”



Fei’er nodded, “They’re true . Actually, he only told that in order to tell us that the attack on the Divine Race isn’t only about revenge . He needed a chance to bind them so that he can deal with the underworld . ”



Yue nodded, “That would be good . Mister Zhao Hai’s strength is formidable . If he can face the Divine Race, then we would be more confident in defeating them as well . ”



At this time, Fei’er’s tone turned serious, “However, we can’t count on Mister Zhao Hai at all times . We need to make him understand that our three races aren’t worse than him . Otherwise, we’ll lose any courage to look at mister in the eye . ”



Shan and Yue weren’t fools, they immediately understood what Fei’er meant . Therefore, both of them nodded .



To put it bluntly, although Zhao Hai was their ally in dealing with a common enemy, their alliance was actually quite frail . There was small resentment between them so who knows if Zhao Hai would use some plot to deal with them in the future . Because of this, they needed to keep their right to speech in this alliance . Otherwise, the only ones to suffer losses would be them .



Fei’er looked at the two and said, “Alright, let’s go back and prepare . Tomorrow, we need to fight against the Divines . It’s best if we combine our three armies, otherwise we’ll look weak in comparison to mister Zhao Hai . ”



The two nodded, then after exchanging a few more words they dispersed .



After Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately arranged his undead to deliver some liquor to Fei’er and the others . Zhao Hai didn’t spy on Fei’er and the others since he knew that they would make the right choice . This alliance could only bring benefits, especially to the three races . It would be a stupid idea to separate from it .



At this time, Zhao Hai was focused on the Atlanta Plane’s situation . After two days of observation, he came to know that the Atlanta Plane didn’t have any countries . Also, he came to know that Axe’s family is called the O’Neal Family .



Axe’s status in his family wasn’t low, so this allowed him to listen to the things discussed by the family . This was quite fortunate for Zhao Hai because he would also be able to listen to the O’Neal family’s discussions . Upon eavesdropping, Zhao Hai was also able to gauge the strength of the family .



However, when the family discussed about their magic armors, Zhao Hai was like a duck listening to thunder and lightning . He was completely clueless regarding what they were talking about .



Although he couldn’t find out about the power of those magic armors, Zhao Hai could still understand some of the words of the family . It seems like the family’s magic armors were no less than 100 thousand, this wasn’t a small amount .



Imagine having a battle on Earth involving 100 thousand tanks . What scene would that show? Now replace those tanks with mechas .



However, if the O’Neal family were to attack the Ark Continent, they wouldn’t be able to do it in a day or two . They still need some time to move and prepare their magic armors . Also, the O’Neal family doesn’t want to inform the other families about the newly appeared spatial rift . It can be said that they wanted to take the whole continent for themselves . Because of this, the preparation needed for the task would take a bit longer . It might take a few months or so before they are finished .



Naturally, the O’Neal family wouldn’t just do nothing . At the very least, they had already located the spatial rift and placed a thousand magic armor soldiers to watch over it . This way, even if the Ark Continent were to find out, they would have no way of closing it down .



For the O’Neal family’s approach, Zhao Hai didn’t intend to stop it . He just wanted the O’Neal family to attack the Continent so that he can acquire some magic armors and give them to the Goblins to study . At this time, Zhao Hai had sent some literate undead to the Goblins in order to teach them . And it seems like the Goblins were learning very fast .



Zhao Hai was now able to make sense about why the heads of the Goblins were too big . It seems like it had something to do with their learning and thinking capacity .



The living materials acquired from the Radiant Empire have also been given to the Goblins, besides the ones being provided to the Demons . Although they were old items, the Goblins were still very happy to get them .



While looking at the Goblins’ expressions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think about the initial expression that his slaves had . When the slaves received their first belongings, they also had the same reaction .



Although the slaves’ lives had been improved in Haven Island, you can only see few slaves wearing gold and silver . This was because their pursuit wasn’t based on riches . Instead, they were coming after their ability . Even if they had no talent in magic or battle qi, the slaves were still working hard on their craft .



The reason why the slaves were doing this was because in their heart, Zhao Hai the most importance . They knew that the greater their ability, the greater help they could provide Zhao Hai . Because of this, they made sure to focus on improving themselves every day . This action touched Zhao Hai’s heart .



Zhao Hai was now hoping that the Goblins would become the same as the slaves . He believed that once the Goblins regain their previous vigor, they would be able to make even more powerful magic armors .



After thinking about those magic armors, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get the urge to understand why the Divines decided to destroy the Goblin civilization . Because of this, Zhao Hai summoned a high ranking Divine Race general . He wanted to get the exact details as to why the Divines decided to eliminate the Goblins .



This general has been transformed by Zhao Hai into an advanced undead specifically to provide intel regarding the Divine Race . However, since he has been quite busy, Zhao Hai was never able to ask things in detail .



Chapter 841 – Right to Speak! In fact, when the Divines were subjugating the Goblins, they having quite the trouble . Although the Goblins didn’t focus their research on weapons, they still had their magic cannons and magic armors . The power of both of those were extraordinary . The Divines were completely terrified about those two things . They believed that if they made the Goblins continue to develop then they would sooner or later reach a dominant status compared to the Divine Race . Because of this, the Divines decided to eliminate the Goblins and prevent them from continuing on with their research . The magic cannons were left to the Divine Race, of which they used to conquer various other planes . The Divine Race also thought about researching the metal armors to improve their overall strength . However, the metal golems were just too complex . The Goblins used a lot of secret techniques in order to manufacture them, and those secrets couldn’t be acquired by the Divine Race . In the end, the Divines did their best to stop those things from being made . After all, the iron golems were able to kill a lot of Divine Race soldiers . Fei’er and the others didn’t know about any of these . In the Divine Realm, the battle against the Divines and the Goblins were minimally recorded . Fei’er only saw a broken metal armor, but although it was broken, it still left a very deep impression on him . Now that Fei’er heard that Atlanta Continent’s magic armors were more advanced than the ones made by the Goblins, he couldn’t help but stare . After some time, his complexion turned ugly as he said, “Mister, are you telling the truth?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “How could I lie about this matter . Right, I have some kind of magic . I learned it from the Fishman Race . It allows me to save what I had seen before . Take a look . ” Then he waved his hand and showed the scene with Axe . The big metal armor made Fei’er and the others gasp . Only when Axe’s armor transformed into an aircraft and left Blazing Island did they manage to recover . But it still took them a long time before a word went out of their mouths . Zhao Hai retrieved the monitor before he looked the three and said, “Those are the flying magic armors of the Atlanta Continent . Before I arrived, they already eliminated magic beasts and flame demons of Blazing Island . Moreover, it only took them a short time to do so . ” Fei’er looked confused at Zhao Hai as he asked, “Mister, how did you know that they have arrived in the Ark Continent?” Upon hearing Fei’er, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, “Everybody wonders how I am able to know what happens in the Ark Continent . Let me tell you in simple words . I have scouts all throughout the continent . Almost all of the continent is under my watch . ” Fei’er didn’t say anything, he believed Zhao Hai’s words . When Zhao Hai was fighting against the Divine Race, he was always a step ahead . If Zhao Hai didn’t have his eyes on the continent, that feat would’ve been impossible . Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “But me discovering them only came due to an accident . At that time I wanted to sneak an attack against the Radiant Empire . Since you were entangled at Accra Mountain, I encircled all around to attack the south of the Empire . It was then that I managed to see them . ” Fei’er and the others didn’t doubt this point . After they came here, they found out that the Radiant Empire has already been destroyed . Moreover the damage seemed to come from the southeast then headed northwest . It wouldn’t be strange if Zhao Hai met the people from the Atlanta Plane at that time . Barbarian Shan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Is mister confident in blocking the attack from the Atlanta Continent?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ve already considered this point . Don’t forget, there’s a strange and dangerous enemy currently in the Ark Continent . The Underworld!” The Divine Race only understood about half of the underworld . Just as Zhao Hai said, the underworld was too strange . Even the Divine Race wouldn’t dare open a spatial rift towards the underworld since they didn’t have a full grasp of its properties . It was because of this mystery that it was deemed dangerous . Fei’er and the others nodded, they also understood what Zhao Hai said . Now that the underworld’s spatial rift has been opened, its creatures would surely reach the center of the Ark Continent . Once the Atlanta Plane decided to conquer the Ark Continent, they would surely come into conflict with the Underworld . At that time, the Atlanta Plane would have no time attack Zhao Hai’s group . After hearing this, Fei’er and the others relaxed . However, their expression suddenly changed, they remembered that the Underworld affected them as well . The Underworld being in the Ark Continent meant that the underworld creatures would surely reach the spatial rift . When the time comes, they would be able to reach the Divine Realm . If they were to overrun the Divine Realm, then that would be extremely troublesome . Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and immediately knew what they were thinking . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You don’t have to worry, they won’t reach us for some time . We’ll deal with the Divine Race first . Even if we can’t finish it, we can still use the Taurus Continent as a battlefield . Additionally, we can also find ways to close the spatial rifts of your own planes . You can’t do it before because of the Divines, but now nobody will be able to stop it . ” Fei’er and the others thought that Zhao Hai’s idea was reasonable . In the past, the Divine Race were stopping them from closing the spatial rift . But now they weren’t under the Divine Race’s control anymore . As long as the Taurus Divines were dealt with, who would be able to stop them? Fei’er nodded and said, “That’s true . So it looks like dealing with the Divine Race is our foremost goal . Mister, will we be attacking tomorrow?” Zhao Hai nodded, “It would be best if we do our attack tomorrow . Moreover, I’ll tell you that the Demons already had a prior meeting with the underworld . A spatial rift appeared in the Demon Realm that was connected to the Underworld . In the end, they were able to seal that rift . So as long as we buy enough time, we should be able to seal the spatial rift here . You don’t have to worry about it . ” Fei’er and the others felt their hearts loosen . Then Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Then we’ll prepare for the attack tomorrow . Right, Mister, can we have some liquor? Our people have been stressed all this time . They needed to some liquor to aid their weariness . ” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That is not a problem . I’ll have some people send it later . But don’t drink too much, we don’t want to affect your performance tomorrow . ” Fei’er immediately nodded . Zhao Hai discussed further details about tomorrow’s attack before taking his leave . While Zhao Hai left, Fei’er and the others remained inside the hall . Shan turned to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, do you think that mister Zhao Hai’s words are true?” Fei’er nodded, “They’re true . Actually, he only told that in order to tell us that the attack on the Divine Race isn’t only about revenge . He needed a chance to bind them so that he can deal with the underworld . ” Yue nodded, “That would be good . Mister Zhao Hai’s strength is formidable . If he can face the Divine Race, then we would be more confident in defeating them as well . ” At this time, Fei’er’s tone turned serious, “However, we can’t count on Mister Zhao Hai at all times . We need to make him understand that our three races aren’t worse than him . Otherwise, we’ll lose any courage to look at mister in the eye . ” Shan and Yue weren’t fools, they immediately understood what Fei’er meant . Therefore, both of them nodded . To put it bluntly, although Zhao Hai was their ally in dealing with a common enemy, their alliance was actually quite frail . There was small resentment between them so who knows if Zhao Hai would use some plot to deal with them in the future . Because of this, they needed to keep their right to speech in this alliance . Otherwise, the only ones to suffer losses would be them . Fei’er looked at the two and said, “Alright, let’s go back and prepare . Tomorrow, we need to fight against the Divines . It’s best if we combine our three armies, otherwise we’ll look weak in comparison to mister Zhao Hai . ” The two nodded, then after exchanging a few more words they dispersed . After Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately arranged his undead to deliver some liquor to Fei’er and the others . Zhao Hai didn’t spy on Fei’er and the others since he knew that they would make the right choice . This alliance could only bring benefits, especially to the three races . It would be a stupid idea to separate from it . At this time, Zhao Hai was focused on the Atlanta Plane’s situation . After two days of observation, he came to know that the Atlanta Plane didn’t have any countries . Also, he came to know that Axe’s family is called the O’Neal Family . Axe’s status in his family wasn’t low, so this allowed him to listen to the things discussed by the family . This was quite fortunate for Zhao Hai because he would also be able to listen to the O’Neal family’s discussions . Upon eavesdropping, Zhao Hai was also able to gauge the strength of the family . However, when the family discussed about their magic armors, Zhao Hai was like a duck listening to thunder and lightning . He was completely clueless regarding what they were talking about . Although he couldn’t find out about the power of those magic armors, Zhao Hai could still understand some of the words of the family . It seems like the family’s magic armors were no less than 100 thousand, this wasn’t a small amount . Imagine having a battle on Earth involving 100 thousand tanks . What scene would that show? Now replace those tanks with mechas . However, if the O’Neal family were to attack the Ark Continent, they wouldn’t be able to do it in a day or two . They still need some time to move and prepare their magic armors . Also, the O’Neal family doesn’t want to inform the other families about the newly appeared spatial rift . It can be said that they wanted to take the whole continent for themselves . Because of this, the preparation needed for the task would take a bit longer . It might take a few months or so before they are finished . Naturally, the O’Neal family wouldn’t just do nothing . At the very least, they had already located the spatial rift and placed a thousand magic armor soldiers to watch over it . This way, even if the Ark Continent were to find out, they would have no way of closing it down . For the O’Neal family’s approach, Zhao Hai didn’t intend to stop it . He just wanted the O’Neal family to attack the Continent so that he can acquire some magic armors and give them to the Goblins to study . At this time, Zhao Hai had sent some literate undead to the Goblins in order to teach them . And it seems like the Goblins were learning very fast . Zhao Hai was now able to make sense about why the heads of the Goblins were too big . It seems like it had something to do with their learning and thinking capacity . The living materials acquired from the Radiant Empire have also been given to the Goblins, besides the ones being provided to the Demons . Although they were old items, the Goblins were still very happy to get them . While looking at the Goblins’ expressions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think about the initial expression that his slaves had . When the slaves received their first belongings, they also had the same reaction . Although the slaves’ lives had been improved in Haven Island, you can only see few slaves wearing gold and silver . This was because their pursuit wasn’t based on riches . Instead, they were coming after their ability . Even if they had no talent in magic or battle qi, the slaves were still working hard on their craft . The reason why the slaves were doing this was because in their heart, Zhao Hai the most importance . They knew that the greater their ability, the greater help they could provide Zhao Hai . Because of this, they made sure to focus on improving themselves every day . This action touched Zhao Hai’s heart . Zhao Hai was now hoping that the Goblins would become the same as the slaves . He believed that once the Goblins regain their previous vigor, they would be able to make even more powerful magic armors . After thinking about those magic armors, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get the urge to understand why the Divines decided to destroy the Goblin civilization . Because of this, Zhao Hai summoned a high ranking Divine Race general . He wanted to get the exact details as to why the Divines decided to eliminate the Goblins . This general has been transformed by Zhao Hai into an advanced undead specifically to provide intel regarding the Divine Race . However, since he has been quite busy, Zhao Hai was never able to ask things in detail .





* * *Chapter 842 – Secret



Zhao Hai sat there silently in the living room . He had just listened to the undead general about the reason why the Divine Race decided to eliminate the Goblins . Initially, Zhao Hai thought that the Divines were scared of the Goblins’ technology so they decided to destroy their civilization before everything gets out of hand .



However, after listening to the explanation, Zhao Hai discovered that things weren’t as simple as he imagined . The Divine Race destroyed the Goblins not only because of the technology, but also because they were asked to do so by Lu Wei .



Lu Wei usually gave the Divines an order through the shadows . Every few days or so, the Divines would make a report to Lu Wei, telling him about the events happening in the Divine Realm .



The Divine Race’s destruction of the Goblins happened nearly a thousand years ago . At that time, Lu Wei’s appearance was the same as his appearance when Zhao Hai saw him . Because of this, the Divines thought that Lu Wei must have been god .



Eliminating the Goblins was an order given by Lu Wei himself . At that time, the Goblins had just started to make their iron golems . Naturally, the Divine Race had heard about this and reported it to Lu Wei .



After hearing the report, Lu Wei actually paid great attention to it and immediately ordered the Divine Race to destroy the Goblins at all cost, and they weren’t allowed to develop their technology in the future . Since the Divines also felt threatened by the iron golems, they immediately agreed . It was precisely because of these two reasons that the Goblin civilization was suddenly destroyed, all inheritances were cut off .



This thing might seem like nothing special, however, in Zhao Hai’s mind, it felt somewhat strange .



It was impossible for the Goblins to know about the existence of Lu Wei, he didn’t appear before the Goblins before . So why did he immediately order the destruction of the Goblin civilization once they made their iron golems? This was too unusual .



There was another thing that confused Zhao Hai . If Lu Wei was really opposed to these magical constructs, then how could the existence of the Atlanta Plane be explained? Their mechas were more advanced than the iron golems made by the Goblins . So why did Lu Wei allow the Atlanta Plane to prosper with their magic armors while he destroyed the Goblins for making iron golems? Something was definitely not right .



Laura and the others were also confused as they all frowned . They were smart people so they were able to notice this peculiarity .



Laura suddenly opened her mouth and said, “Brother Hai, maybe Lu Wei suffered a loss from these iron golems before . And because of this, he didn’t want the goblins to make their own . ”



Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “That shouldn’t be the reason . If Lu Wei had really suffered a loss against those magic constructs, he shouldn’t have stopped the Goblins from making them . Instead, he would have just studied them to find some weak point that he could exploit in the future . Moreover, why would the Atlanta Plane have magic armors while the Divine Race didn’t? Isn’t that a little too strange?”



Laura and the others nodded, they were truly confused about this . Zhao Hai looked at the monitor and said, “Perhaps we can only find out once we reach the Immortal Cultivation Realm . We’re just wasting time thinking about it right now . ”



Laura nodded, “Then Brother Hai should take a rest . Tomorrow, we still need to attack the Divine Race’s defensive line . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It looks like we need to use the Domain Weapon tomorrow . We need to deal with the Divine Race in the shortest time . We don’t want them to have an opportunity to fight back . ”



Laura agreed, “Right, but it won’t be very easy . The Divine Race would be prepared for our javelins, magic cannons, and formations . Dealing with them using the same methods would be a challenge . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I know what to do . Besides, with our current strength, I doubt they would be able to resist . Nothing will go wrong, you can rest assured . ”



The rest of the day quickly passed . The next day, Zhao Hai woke up early then he called the Demon Dragon King to lead the Devil Legion . He also took his undead out before he met Fei’er and the others . This enormous party then started to go towards the Divine Race’s defensive line .



After the alliance gathered, the Divine Race immediately sounded their horns . It didn’t take long before the defensive line started to move .



Zhao Hai didn’t even think about these defending people . He knew that it would be impossible for them to stop the alliance army’s advance .



Zhao Hai had the group slowly form as they advanced towards the Divine Race’s defensive line . And just like what was expected, the defenses differed compared to before . Their magic cannons were placed indoors, with only the tip seen outside . This limits the flexibility of the cannons, but it made the cannons more secure .



Moreover, there were also additional things installed . Zhao Hai glanced at the new additions and could see some ballista-like things . It seems like the Divine Race were really placed in a very disadvantageous position . They were even compelled to take these kinds of things out .



Fei’er and the others were standing next to Zhao Hai . Things haven’t started yet, so they don’t have to be with their armies to take command . Therefore, they went to Zhao Hai’s side to discuss additional matters .



Fei’er looked at the Divine Race’s defensive line and frowned, “It seems like breaking through won’t be easy . Don’t underestimate those structures made to shelter the magic cannons . Those aren’t made with ordinary magic . It’s a kind of magic developed by the Divine Race in the past few years . Those structures are very hard, no worse than steel . In the Divine Realm, this magic is called iron earth spell . ”



Zhao Hai stared, then he raised his eyebrow and said, “Iron earth? Interesting . Although the Divine Race didn’t research any new weapons, it seems like they are more skillful when it comes to using magic . ”



Fei’er agreed and said, “The Divine Race have indeed become more skillful when it comes to magic . Moreover, their research made a lot of new magic spells . However, not many people were interested in them and it had little use to the military . It seems like the Divines have brought over some people from the magic academy this time . ”



Zhao Hai looked curiously at Fei’er and said, “Magic academy? What is that?”



Fei’er smiled faintly and said, “The magic academy is a place the Divines use to research magic . That is also the place where children go to study magic . However, those who are admitted mostly belonged to Nobles, Royal Clans, and talented people . Their strength is formidable . The students and teachers of the academy can go against a regiment of God-ranks . ”



Zhao Hai stared, he gave out a light ‘hoh’ before he said, “I didn’t think that the Divine Race would have a place like that . Good, it’s good that people from the academy came . It seems like the Divine Race has reached a dire state . ”



Fei’er nodded, “Right . In the Divine Realm, the status of the magic academy is very high . If they aren’t in dire straits, the Taurus Divines wouldn’t have asked for their help . However, with the magic academy here, our troubles wouldn’t be small . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That doesn’t matter . Let’s try attacking first . Let’s see how they receive it . ” After he said that, the army had already surrounded the defensive line . Then they proceeded to enter the Divine Race’s firing distance .



Zhao Hai waved his hand to make the army stop . Zhao Hai looked at the defensive line before he waved his hand once more . A squad of about fifty thousand made one cone formation and threw themselves towards the defensive line .



The Divine Race was very clear that this was only a probe . However, they knew that they couldn’t just let this small squad off . Who knows what things were installed inside those undead .



This squad hadn’t entered the firing distance yet but the cannons had already started to fire . White lights shot out from the defensive line and went straight towards the undead .



The undead squad suddenly sped up . They had a few javelins inside their bodies, but since they weren’t in fighting distance, they still kept flying forward .



Fei’er looked at the undead and couldn’t help but feel envy . The undead were really the best kinds of soldiers . They weren’t affected by pain nor were they afraid of death . Even if half of their bodies were wiped out, they could still continue to fight . No other army could achieve this .



However, Fei’er was also clear that other than Zhao Hai, no other person is able to command an undead army as large as this . The undead didn’t have their own thoughts, commanding them would need more than just an ordinary commander .



Naturally, Fei’er doesn’t know about the existence of the Space . He was comparing Zhao Hai to other dark mages . Ordinary undead could only receive commands such as advance, retreat, and attack . For them to exhibit such complex formations was completely impossible .



Fei’er and the others watched the undead acting like fish as they evaded the Divine Race’s barrage . Zhao Hai also discovered something about the magic cannons’ attack . These cannons could only target one person while causing minimal damage to those around the target . It looks like they were using water element stones to power the cannons .



Chapter 842 – Secret Zhao Hai sat there silently in the living room . He had just listened to the undead general about the reason why the Divine Race decided to eliminate the Goblins . Initially, Zhao Hai thought that the Divines were scared of the Goblins’ technology so they decided to destroy their civilization before everything gets out of hand . However, after listening to the explanation, Zhao Hai discovered that things weren’t as simple as he imagined . The Divine Race destroyed the Goblins not only because of the technology, but also because they were asked to do so by Lu Wei . Lu Wei usually gave the Divines an order through the shadows . Every few days or so, the Divines would make a report to Lu Wei, telling him about the events happening in the Divine Realm . The Divine Race’s destruction of the Goblins happened nearly a thousand years ago . At that time, Lu Wei’s appearance was the same as his appearance when Zhao Hai saw him . Because of this, the Divines thought that Lu Wei must have been god . Eliminating the Goblins was an order given by Lu Wei himself . At that time, the Goblins had just started to make their iron golems . Naturally, the Divine Race had heard about this and reported it to Lu Wei . After hearing the report, Lu Wei actually paid great attention to it and immediately ordered the Divine Race to destroy the Goblins at all cost, and they weren’t allowed to develop their technology in the future . Since the Divines also felt threatened by the iron golems, they immediately agreed . It was precisely because of these two reasons that the Goblin civilization was suddenly destroyed, all inheritances were cut off . This thing might seem like nothing special, however, in Zhao Hai’s mind, it felt somewhat strange . It was impossible for the Goblins to know about the existence of Lu Wei, he didn’t appear before the Goblins before . So why did he immediately order the destruction of the Goblin civilization once they made their iron golems? This was too unusual . There was another thing that confused Zhao Hai . If Lu Wei was really opposed to these magical constructs, then how could the existence of the Atlanta Plane be explained? Their mechas were more advanced than the iron golems made by the Goblins . So why did Lu Wei allow the Atlanta Plane to prosper with their magic armors while he destroyed the Goblins for making iron golems? Something was definitely not right . Laura and the others were also confused as they all frowned . They were smart people so they were able to notice this peculiarity . Laura suddenly opened her mouth and said, “Brother Hai, maybe Lu Wei suffered a loss from these iron golems before . And because of this, he didn’t want the goblins to make their own . ” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “That shouldn’t be the reason . If Lu Wei had really suffered a loss against those magic constructs, he shouldn’t have stopped the Goblins from making them . Instead, he would have just studied them to find some weak point that he could exploit in the future . Moreover, why would the Atlanta Plane have magic armors while the Divine Race didn’t? Isn’t that a little too strange?” Laura and the others nodded, they were truly confused about this . Zhao Hai looked at the monitor and said, “Perhaps we can only find out once we reach the Immortal Cultivation Realm . We’re just wasting time thinking about it right now . ” Laura nodded, “Then Brother Hai should take a rest . Tomorrow, we still need to attack the Divine Race’s defensive line . ” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It looks like we need to use the Domain Weapon tomorrow . We need to deal with the Divine Race in the shortest time . We don’t want them to have an opportunity to fight back . ” Laura agreed, “Right, but it won’t be very easy . The Divine Race would be prepared for our javelins, magic cannons, and formations . Dealing with them using the same methods would be a challenge . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I know what to do . Besides, with our current strength, I doubt they would be able to resist . Nothing will go wrong, you can rest assured . ” The rest of the day quickly passed . The next day, Zhao Hai woke up early then he called the Demon Dragon King to lead the Devil Legion . He also took his undead out before he met Fei’er and the others . This enormous party then started to go towards the Divine Race’s defensive line . After the alliance gathered, the Divine Race immediately sounded their horns . It didn’t take long before the defensive line started to move . Zhao Hai didn’t even think about these defending people . He knew that it would be impossible for them to stop the alliance army’s advance . Zhao Hai had the group slowly form as they advanced towards the Divine Race’s defensive line . And just like what was expected, the defenses differed compared to before . Their magic cannons were placed indoors, with only the tip seen outside . This limits the flexibility of the cannons, but it made the cannons more secure . Moreover, there were also additional things installed . Zhao Hai glanced at the new additions and could see some ballista-like things . It seems like the Divine Race were really placed in a very disadvantageous position . They were even compelled to take these kinds of things out . Fei’er and the others were standing next to Zhao Hai . Things haven’t started yet, so they don’t have to be with their armies to take command . Therefore, they went to Zhao Hai’s side to discuss additional matters . Fei’er looked at the Divine Race’s defensive line and frowned, “It seems like breaking through won’t be easy . Don’t underestimate those structures made to shelter the magic cannons . Those aren’t made with ordinary magic . It’s a kind of magic developed by the Divine Race in the past few years . Those structures are very hard, no worse than steel . In the Divine Realm, this magic is called iron earth spell . ” Zhao Hai stared, then he raised his eyebrow and said, “Iron earth? Interesting . Although the Divine Race didn’t research any new weapons, it seems like they are more skillful when it comes to using magic . ” Fei’er agreed and said, “The Divine Race have indeed become more skillful when it comes to magic . Moreover, their research made a lot of new magic spells . However, not many people were interested in them and it had little use to the military . It seems like the Divines have brought over some people from the magic academy this time . ” Zhao Hai looked curiously at Fei’er and said, “Magic academy? What is that?” Fei’er smiled faintly and said, “The magic academy is a place the Divines use to research magic . That is also the place where children go to study magic . However, those who are admitted mostly belonged to Nobles, Royal Clans, and talented people . Their strength is formidable . The students and teachers of the academy can go against a regiment of God-ranks . ” Zhao Hai stared, he gave out a light ‘hoh’ before he said, “I didn’t think that the Divine Race would have a place like that . Good, it’s good that people from the academy came . It seems like the Divine Race has reached a dire state . ” Fei’er nodded, “Right . In the Divine Realm, the status of the magic academy is very high . If they aren’t in dire straits, the Taurus Divines wouldn’t have asked for their help . However, with the magic academy here, our troubles wouldn’t be small . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That doesn’t matter . Let’s try attacking first . Let’s see how they receive it . ” After he said that, the army had already surrounded the defensive line . Then they proceeded to enter the Divine Race’s firing distance . Zhao Hai waved his hand to make the army stop . Zhao Hai looked at the defensive line before he waved his hand once more . A squad of about fifty thousand made one cone formation and threw themselves towards the defensive line . The Divine Race was very clear that this was only a probe . However, they knew that they couldn’t just let this small squad off . Who knows what things were installed inside those undead . This squad hadn’t entered the firing distance yet but the cannons had already started to fire . White lights shot out from the defensive line and went straight towards the undead . The undead squad suddenly sped up . They had a few javelins inside their bodies, but since they weren’t in fighting distance, they still kept flying forward . Fei’er looked at the undead and couldn’t help but feel envy . The undead were really the best kinds of soldiers . They weren’t affected by pain nor were they afraid of death . Even if half of their bodies were wiped out, they could still continue to fight . No other army could achieve this . However, Fei’er was also clear that other than Zhao Hai, no other person is able to command an undead army as large as this . The undead didn’t have their own thoughts, commanding them would need more than just an ordinary commander . Naturally, Fei’er doesn’t know about the existence of the Space . He was comparing Zhao Hai to other dark mages . Ordinary undead could only receive commands such as advance, retreat, and attack . For them to exhibit such complex formations was completely impossible . Fei’er and the others watched the undead acting like fish as they evaded the Divine Race’s barrage . Zhao Hai also discovered something about the magic cannons’ attack . These cannons could only target one person while causing minimal damage to those around the target . It looks like they were using water element stones to power the cannons .





* * *Chapter 843 – The Bastards, They Dare To Trick Me!



Then Zhao Hai changed his mind as he understood what was going on . The Divine Race did indeed use some magic crystals to power their magic cannons, however, the crystals were much worse compared what Zhao Hai had . Zhao Hai’s fire element crystals were able to do massive area damage . If the Divine Race’s cannons used an area attack, then the power of the cannons would be greatly reduced . They might not even be a threat for God-ranks or 9th ranks .



Zhao Hai wanted the fifty thousand undead to see what the defensive line had . Besides the magic cannons and ballistas, he wanted to see if there was anything else .



At this time, the undead had already reached their firing distance . They immediately took their javelins and proceeded to throw them towards the Divine Race .



But at the same time, the defensive line also released a batch of arrows . These arrows were fired from the ballistas . Their range was quite far, and the heads were bigger compared to the javelins thrown by the undead .



What Zhao Hai didn’t expect was the arrows actually managed to explode the undead . The undead squad were ravaged, a lot of them were directly smashed to pieces .



Zhao Hai gawked, then he raised an eyebrow as he chuckled, “Interesting . I didn’t expect the Divine Race to have this kind of weapon . Fei’er, do you know what those arrows are? Why did they explode?”



Fei’er’s expression was quite ugly, then he said, “It’s possible that they’re a secret weapon . I hadn’t heard about them before . ”



Zhao Hai nodded . He didn’t care about it anymore as he waved his hand and released a hundred thousand undead . The 50 thousand that he lost was just a negligible amount .



However, the 100 thousand that Zhao Hai sent this time was different . The 50 thousand undead before didn’t have any defensive measures since Zhao Hai wanted to see how strong the magic cannons were . After seeing that the cannons were inferior, Zhao Hai became relieved . 9th ranks might die to the cannons, but God-ranks should be able to survive .



The reason why Zhao Hai sent a shield along with his undead this time was to see the properties of those new arrows . If those arrows could penetrate the shields, then more casualties would come up .



The Divine Race seemed to understand Zhao Hai’s plan . The small shield containing 100 thousand undead slowly entered the range of the magic cannons . As the undead approached, the magic cannons shot over and over . Zhao Hai also found a problem, although the shield was very good in defending, the people behind it can only wait for the attacks to finish before they could make their move . If the arrows could break through the shield, then the undead casualties would surely mount up .



The Divine Race kept attacking with their magic cannons, they wanted to consume the energy of the shield . They don’t want the undead to go too far into the frontlines, they alsol wanted to see the other cards in Zhao Hai’s hands .



However, the Divine Race had underestimated the shield made by Karen . This defensive formation can be used to defend a city, this was a testament to its defensive might . Although there weren’t any improvements to defensive formations for a long time, this also meant that they were already strong . It was difficult to improve because it had small shortcomings . If there were weaknesses anywhere, then they would’ve already been improved .



The power of the magic cannons used by the Divine Race was inferior compared to Zhao Hai’s . And now that those magic cannons were against a shield powered by Zhao Hai’s crystals, it was for certain that the cannons had no effect . The shield didn’t even tremble, it’s like the magic cannons were only giving it a scratch .



The Divines begane to panic, however, they quickly settled down . After entering the firing range of the ballistas, the defensive line began to launch their attacks once more . Zhao Hai didn’t let the undead use their javelins, he wanted to see how the Divine Race deals with it .



The arrows quickly came in contact with the shield . There was a fierce explosion on the point of impact . However, Zhao Hai was able to see that the shield only shook gently, it was still up!



Zhao Hai relaxed, then he immediately ordered the undead to throw their javelins . The javelins directly soared towards the ballistas . At this time, earthen walls suddenly rose up, blocking the javelins . However, the power of these blood lightning javelins was much stronger compared to the cannons or the arrows used by the Divine Race . The earthen walls were blown up after a few javelins hit them . .



But still, Zhao Hai slightly frowned, it seems like this wall was also made out of iron earth magic . Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been this resistant to explosions . It seems like the Divine Race had made sufficient preparations this time .



Fei’er and the others’ expressions were also somewhat ugly . They have battled with Zhao Hai, so naturally they were aware about how strong these javelins were . They didn’t expect the other party’s earth walls to actually block a few of those javelins .



Fei’er turned to look at Zhao Hai, his gaze asking whether Zhao Hai had any means to deal with this . Zhao Hai turned to Fei’er and smiled, “The probe is at its end, we’ll start the official attack . I will have the undead go first, otherwise, our casualties would be too big . You go back and wait for my order . ”



Fei’er and the others complied . Fei’er and the others were already convinced of Zhao Hai’s ability, so when they heard his words, they didn’t have any misgivings at all .



After Fei’er and the others left, Zhao Hai turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Demon Dragon, after I let the undead attack, don’t have your soldiers follow . Although their strength isn’t weak, their ranks aren’t high . I don’t want them to die in vain . Later on when I’m able to mass produce God-rank potions, we can promote their strength . Only then can they enter the battle . ”



The Demon Dragon King gawked, then he nodded . He can understand why Zhao Hai would tell him this . Demons took bravery very seriously . If you let their armies into the battlefield but you refrain them from fighting, then they would treat it as an insult . If Zhao Hai didn’t explain these things, then the Demon Dragon King would think that Zhao Hai was looking down on them . When the time comes, it would create a misunderstanding .



Now that Zhao Hai took the effort to explain, the Demon Dragon King didn’t become offended, instead he even felt grateful . After seeing the Demon Dragon King nod, Zhao Hai said, “You go back to the Devil Legion . This time, don’t attack, just wait for my orders . ” Demon Dragon gave his affirmation before he went back to the Devil Legion . Zhao Hai remained in his place, standing calmly in front of his dense undead army .



Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race’s defensive line and then waved his hand . The undead immediately threw themselves towards the Divine Race’s defensive line . Now that the undead can charge behind a shield, they weren’t afraid of the magic cannons . Among them were huge undead carrying magic cannons . There were even some undead with larger bodies capable of carrying more magic cannons .



The large magic cannons were almost exclusively mounted on top of dragons . Dragons have the most strength among all of the undead, both their attack and defense were the best . Zhao Hai also moved forward with the undead army . At this time, their position was about two kilometers away from the Divine Race army . This distance was beyond the scope of the monitor, what Zhao Hai wanted to do now was to place the defensive line within the Space’s range so that he can use the undead with more flexibility .



Not long after Zhao Hai started his advance, the Divine Race’s cannon attack started to arrive . Although the magic cannons weren’t as good as Zhao Hai’s, their range was quite far and they were enough to deal with most 9th ranks . Moreover, the Divine Race had a lot more of those magic cannons compared to Zhao Hai . Also, the Divine Race’s cannons were under reinforced shelter, this prevented Zhao Hai from shooting them down .



However, Zhao Hai had his magic shield, so it was impossible for the cannons to do any damage to the undead army . Additionally, Zhao Hai also had his cannons . Once these cannons reach their range, the cannon fire would become two-ways .



Before long, Zhao Hai’s magic cannons had reached their range . With Zhao Hai’s order, about ten thousand lights began to approach the Divine Race’s defensive line .



Although the shelters were made out of reinforced magic, it was still impossible for it to sustain so much damage . So even if these shelters had blocked Zhao Hai’s attack, there were still parts where they had been destroyed .



At this moment, something unexpected appeared in Zhao Hai’s sight . The Divine Race’s ballistas suddenly shot their arrows . The undead army were yet to enter its firing range!



This was out of Zhao Hai’s expectation . Upon further observation, Zhao Hai discovered that these ballistas should have more range compared to those used in the Ark Continent . It seems like the Divine Race were holding back, they intentionally reduced their range! . Zhao Hai thought, those bastards, they dared to trick me!



At the thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get angry . He also took some ballistas with him . However, their range was worse than a 9th rank throwing javelins . They were used back in the Accra Mountain because of the height advantage . But in this battle, they weren’t that appropriate to use . It was better to have the undead carry javelins and throw it themselves .



Chapter 843 – The Bastards, They Dare To Trick Me! Then Zhao Hai changed his mind as he understood what was going on . The Divine Race did indeed use some magic crystals to power their magic cannons, however, the crystals were much worse compared what Zhao Hai had . Zhao Hai’s fire element crystals were able to do massive area damage . If the Divine Race’s cannons used an area attack, then the power of the cannons would be greatly reduced . They might not even be a threat for God-ranks or 9th ranks . Zhao Hai wanted the fifty thousand undead to see what the defensive line had . Besides the magic cannons and ballistas, he wanted to see if there was anything else . At this time, the undead had already reached their firing distance . They immediately took their javelins and proceeded to throw them towards the Divine Race . But at the same time, the defensive line also released a batch of arrows . These arrows were fired from the ballistas . Their range was quite far, and the heads were bigger compared to the javelins thrown by the undead . What Zhao Hai didn’t expect was the arrows actually managed to explode the undead . The undead squad were ravaged, a lot of them were directly smashed to pieces . Zhao Hai gawked, then he raised an eyebrow as he chuckled, “Interesting . I didn’t expect the Divine Race to have this kind of weapon . Fei’er, do you know what those arrows are? Why did they explode?” Fei’er’s expression was quite ugly, then he said, “It’s possible that they’re a secret weapon . I hadn’t heard about them before . ” Zhao Hai nodded . He didn’t care about it anymore as he waved his hand and released a hundred thousand undead . The 50 thousand that he lost was just a negligible amount . However, the 100 thousand that Zhao Hai sent this time was different . The 50 thousand undead before didn’t have any defensive measures since Zhao Hai wanted to see how strong the magic cannons were . After seeing that the cannons were inferior, Zhao Hai became relieved . 9th ranks might die to the cannons, but God-ranks should be able to survive . The reason why Zhao Hai sent a shield along with his undead this time was to see the properties of those new arrows . If those arrows could penetrate the shields, then more casualties would come up . The Divine Race seemed to understand Zhao Hai’s plan . The small shield containing 100 thousand undead slowly entered the range of the magic cannons . As the undead approached, the magic cannons shot over and over . Zhao Hai also found a problem, although the shield was very good in defending, the people behind it can only wait for the attacks to finish before they could make their move . If the arrows could break through the shield, then the undead casualties would surely mount up . The Divine Race kept attacking with their magic cannons, they wanted to consume the energy of the shield . They don’t want the undead to go too far into the frontlines, they alsol wanted to see the other cards in Zhao Hai’s hands . However, the Divine Race had underestimated the shield made by Karen . This defensive formation can be used to defend a city, this was a testament to its defensive might . Although there weren’t any improvements to defensive formations for a long time, this also meant that they were already strong . It was difficult to improve because it had small shortcomings . If there were weaknesses anywhere, then they would’ve already been improved . The power of the magic cannons used by the Divine Race was inferior compared to Zhao Hai’s . And now that those magic cannons were against a shield powered by Zhao Hai’s crystals, it was for certain that the cannons had no effect . The shield didn’t even tremble, it’s like the magic cannons were only giving it a scratch . The Divines begane to panic, however, they quickly settled down . After entering the firing range of the ballistas, the defensive line began to launch their attacks once more . Zhao Hai didn’t let the undead use their javelins, he wanted to see how the Divine Race deals with it . The arrows quickly came in contact with the shield . There was a fierce explosion on the point of impact . However, Zhao Hai was able to see that the shield only shook gently, it was still up! Zhao Hai relaxed, then he immediately ordered the undead to throw their javelins . The javelins directly soared towards the ballistas . At this time, earthen walls suddenly rose up, blocking the javelins . However, the power of these blood lightning javelins was much stronger compared to the cannons or the arrows used by the Divine Race . The earthen walls were blown up after a few javelins hit them But still, Zhao Hai slightly frowned, it seems like this wall was also made out of iron earth magic . Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been this resistant to explosions . It seems like the Divine Race had made sufficient preparations this time . Fei’er and the others’ expressions were also somewhat ugly . They have battled with Zhao Hai, so naturally they were aware about how strong these javelins were . They didn’t expect the other party’s earth walls to actually block a few of those javelins . Fei’er turned to look at Zhao Hai, his gaze asking whether Zhao Hai had any means to deal with this . Zhao Hai turned to Fei’er and smiled, “The probe is at its end, we’ll start the official attack . I will have the undead go first, otherwise, our casualties would be too big . You go back and wait for my order . ” Fei’er and the others complied . Fei’er and the others were already convinced of Zhao Hai’s ability, so when they heard his words, they didn’t have any misgivings at all . After Fei’er and the others left, Zhao Hai turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Demon Dragon, after I let the undead attack, don’t have your soldiers follow . Although their strength isn’t weak, their ranks aren’t high . I don’t want them to die in vain . Later on when I’m able to mass produce God-rank potions, we can promote their strength . Only then can they enter the battle . ” The Demon Dragon King gawked, then he nodded . He can understand why Zhao Hai would tell him this . Demons took bravery very seriously . If you let their armies into the battlefield but you refrain them from fighting, then they would treat it as an insult . If Zhao Hai didn’t explain these things, then the Demon Dragon King would think that Zhao Hai was looking down on them . When the time comes, it would create a misunderstanding . Now that Zhao Hai took the effort to explain, the Demon Dragon King didn’t become offended, instead he even felt grateful . After seeing the Demon Dragon King nod, Zhao Hai said, “You go back to the Devil Legion . This time, don’t attack, just wait for my orders . ” Demon Dragon gave his affirmation before he went back to the Devil Legion . Zhao Hai remained in his place, standing calmly in front of his dense undead army . Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race’s defensive line and then waved his hand . The undead immediately threw themselves towards the Divine Race’s defensive line . Now that the undead can charge behind a shield, they weren’t afraid of the magic cannons . Among them were huge undead carrying magic cannons . There were even some undead with larger bodies capable of carrying more magic cannons . The large magic cannons were almost exclusively mounted on top of dragons . Dragons have the most strength among all of the undead, both their attack and defense were the best . Zhao Hai also moved forward with the undead army . At this time, their position was about two kilometers away from the Divine Race army . This distance was beyond the scope of the monitor, what Zhao Hai wanted to do now was to place the defensive line within the Space’s range so that he can use the undead with more flexibility . Not long after Zhao Hai started his advance, the Divine Race’s cannon attack started to arrive . Although the magic cannons weren’t as good as Zhao Hai’s, their range was quite far and they were enough to deal with most 9th ranks . Moreover, the Divine Race had a lot more of those magic cannons compared to Zhao Hai . Also, the Divine Race’s cannons were under reinforced shelter, this prevented Zhao Hai from shooting them down . However, Zhao Hai had his magic shield, so it was impossible for the cannons to do any damage to the undead army . Additionally, Zhao Hai also had his cannons . Once these cannons reach their range, the cannon fire would become two-ways . Before long, Zhao Hai’s magic cannons had reached their range . With Zhao Hai’s order, about ten thousand lights began to approach the Divine Race’s defensive line . Although the shelters were made out of reinforced magic, it was still impossible for it to sustain so much damage . So even if these shelters had blocked Zhao Hai’s attack, there were still parts where they had been destroyed . At this moment, something unexpected appeared in Zhao Hai’s sight . The Divine Race’s ballistas suddenly shot their arrows . The undead army were yet to enter its firing range! This was out of Zhao Hai’s expectation . Upon further observation, Zhao Hai discovered that these ballistas should have more range compared to those used in the Ark Continent . It seems like the Divine Race were holding back, they intentionally reduced their range! . Zhao Hai thought, those bastards, they dared to trick me! At the thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get angry . He also took some ballistas with him . However, their range was worse than a 9th rank throwing javelins . They were used back in the Accra Mountain because of the height advantage . But in this battle, they weren’t that appropriate to use . It was better to have the undead carry javelins and throw it themselves .





* * *













  844: 844

Chapter 844 – Lu Wei Appears



Zhao Hai looked at this situation and made a command in his mind . Then in the middle of the ballista troops, undead started to appear . All of these undead were God-ranks . Upon appearing, all the undead proceeded to attack the Divines manning the ballistas .



These Divines didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have this trick, naturally they were caught off guard . Before long, the Divine Race didn’t have any means to fire their ballistas .



The God-rank undead that Zhao Hai sent were all from the Divine Race . Their fighting strength was no weaker than their brethren, conversely, they were even stronger in battle .



The other Divines quickly responded to the attack on the ballistas and sent support troops over . Zhao Hai knew that these support troops couldn’t be allowed to besiege the undead . If the undead were surrounded, then they would certainly suffer losses .



Zhao Hai immediately retrieved the God-rank undead back into the Space . Several of the undead took ballistas along .



However, the undead didn’t just retreat . After taking several ballistas along, they immediately left behind some blood lightning beads, destroying the Divine Race’s ballista shelter . .



After destroying the ballistas, the Divine Race’s base became somewhat panicked . At this time, the magic cannon shelters were also being besieged by the undead . The sudden appearance of the undead once again surprised the Divines . Before the Divines respond, they were already killed by the undead .



One by one, Zhao Hai captured the magic cannon and ballista shelters . However, Zhao Hai didn’t relax . He expects that the Divine Race would have more than this . Therefore, Zhao Hai held Fei’er and the others back . He just had the undead continue on with their attack .



Just like Zhao Hai thought, as the undead proceeded another batch of light came out from behind the defensive line . One could see that the lights were from the cannons, there were also arrows trailing behind .



Zhao Hai saw this and understood that the Divine Race had set up two bases . The ones captured by Zhao Hai was a fake one . The real base was now armed and ready .



Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that he couldn’t see any magic cannons nor ballistas in this base . Zhao Hai let the Space look into it but he couldn’t see anything . Behind the fake defensive line was just displayed as a huge white blot .



Besides the monitor, Zhao Hai also couldn’t see the cannons using his own eyes . It didn’t take long for Zhao Hai to understand that the Divine Race was using illusion formations to hide their base . This would make it difficult for Zhao Hai to find their ballistas and magic cannons .



Zhao Hai smiled faintly, the Divines really prepared well this time . But will this stop him? The Divine Race were too naive .



As the undead advanced, they suddenly discovered that they were blocked . In front of them was a shield barring their entry .



From time to time, there were cannon fire and arrows coming from behind the shield . Zhao Hai’s undead were completely under attack right now, without the chance to fight back .



It’s good that Zhao Hai’s army also had their own defensive formation . Otherwise, the would’ve suffered huge losses . However, Zhao Hai knew that this couldn’t drag on . The Divine Race were certainly buying time to deal with the Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and the Winged Pegasus people . If they were done dealing with the three races, then they would begin to turn on the Ark Continent . At that time, the losses would be bigger . For Zhao Hai, this was completely disadvantages, he couldn’t have this situation happen .



Zhao Hai finally made his move . He established his Domain and then released the sword carriage . The Domain turned into a giant as he held the Domain Weapon, ready to strike through the protective shield .



There was nothing in front of it, but the giant sword seems to be blocked by a transparent bubble . There was no way for it to go through .



Zhao Hai increased the strength of his thrust, making the sword sink further . Then before long, the bubble exploded, revealing the huge base in front .



This base had magic cannons, ballistas, soldiers, summoners, and cavalry . At this time, there were people in the base wearing mage robes who were vomiting blood . The other Divines looked in shock at Zhao Hai and the Domain Weapon .



Zhao Hai didn’t delay as he made another move and killed his way towards the Divines . At the same time, he also gave Fei’er and the others an order to attack .



Zhao Hai believes that this was the Divine Race’s final stronghold, it was impossible for it to become yet another fake base . Once Fei’er and the others received the order, they immediately charged towards the Divine Race .



However, the Divine Race were quick to recover . They started to go all out, there were light beams, arrows, javelins flying up in the air . War cries could be heard all along the battlefield .



At this time, the summoners also made their move . Under the protection of the soldiers, they started to chant their spell . Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but change . This was the incantation used to summon Lu Wei .



Sure enough, after the incantation was finished, white lights suddenly shot out from the summoners . When the lights coalesced, a spatial rift appeared in the sky . From that spatial rift, a shadow of a person came out .



After seeing this person, Zhao Hai’s pupils shrunk . This person was no other than Lu Wei . In the past, Lu Wei used the pagoda as a medium to send his incarnation to the Ark Continent . That incarnation almost killed Zhao Hai . Fortunately, Zhao Hai was able to deal with the situation .



Zhao Hai knew that Lu Wei wouldn’t just stop at that . But he didn’t think that Lu Wei would send another incarnation this early . Does he think that he could deal with Zhao Hai this time?



Zhao Hai just stood within his Domain and coldly looked at Lu Wei . Lu Wei was also looking at Zhao Hai . After some time, Lu Wei smiled and laughed before he said, “I didn’t think that you would actually survive . Moreover, you also dared to face my incarnation once more . Hahaha . It seems like trash still had their uses . I need to thank them for giving me the opportunity to take my revenge . ”



Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and then sneered, “What? Are you confident in beating me this time? Don’t be too naive . Last time, you even managed to gift me a magic treasure . ”



Lu Wei looked at Zhao Hai with hatred as he said, “Don’t worry, this young master will surely take your soul out and refine it . I’ll make sure that you suffer eternal torment without any way to reincarnate!”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he retrieved his Domain and stored the sword carriage . He knew that these things were useless against Lu Wei . Then while standing still, Zhao Hai took the tiny pagoda out . The pagoda was glittering and shiny, it was quite attractive .



Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and said, “I know that you’re quite strong . It seems like your avatar this time is much stronger compared to the one before . But that all of that is useless against me . Hahahaha . For you, it might be difficult to be strong, but to me, it’s quite easy . Do you know why? Because you are already old, you’re past your prime!”



Lu Wei was shocked upon seeing the pagoda on Zhao Hai’s hand . His eyes couldn’t hide his astonishment, but it was quickly replaced with the look of greed . He looked up at the sky and loudly laughed before he said, “Good, you’re quite good, kid . I didn’t expect your crafting skill to be this high . You actually refined the pagoda and added ten thousand year old ice . Hahahaha . Good, good . As long as I retrieve the pagoda, my strength would increase . It seems like I need to give you my gratitude . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly before he gently swung the pagoda . The bells on the pagoda started to chime . The Divines who heard this sound immediately had a look of suffering on their faces . On the other hand, Lu Wei’s expression couldn’t help but change .



Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and said, “So you discovered the artifact spirit . It’s different from before, no? Do you think that connecting to your soul would make the pagoda return to you? You’re too naive . I’ve already destroyed your soul inside the pagoda . ”



Lu Wei’s complexion changed . His shocked face turned to Zhao Hai, “This is impossible . How can you know all of these? This is impossible!”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Sect Elder Lu, everything is possible in this world . Since I managed to defeat you last time, I can defeat you this time as well . ” After that, Zhao Hai had the pagoda fly up . As the pagoda rose, it immediately turned into a massive pagoda capable of holding the heavens and the earth .



The bells on the pagoda chimed, all who heard the sound felt their minds go tranquil . Their heart for battle was immediately quenched .



Lu Wei knew about this kind of spiritual attack . He just didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be able to achieve it here .



Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and smiled . He waved his hand and had the pagoda charge towards Lu Wei’s incarnation . At the same time, Lu Wei waved his hand and retrieved a carved shield made out of the head of an animal . Once the pagoda hit the shield, it shook, however, it wasn’t able to push through .



Lu Wei saw this and couldn’t help but smile . He looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “It’s like a wax tipped spearhead, completely useless . You’re dead, kid!”



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but show his amazement . He turned to Lu Wei and said, “i didn’t expect your incarnation to be this powerful . It seems like you really intend to deal with me this time . ”



Lu Wei had a wicked gaze as he looked at Zhao Hai, then with a cold voice he replied, “You’ve made a huge mistake . I manage this place, and it would provide me with faith power . But because of you, all faith power disappeared . Not only did I lose faith power, I also lost an avatar . I became a laughinstock in the sect because of that . So how could I just let you go off easily? If I can’t take your soul out and make you suffer in eternal hell, I won’t be able to erase my hatred!”



Zhao Hai’s expression changed . He took the pagoda back to protect his body . At the same time, Lu Wei patted his small bag and took out a ship .



This ship was divided into 18 floors . It’s body was fully pitch black . On the ship were black masts with the character for ‘prison’ written in red ink .



On each floor on the ship were murals . Each mural depicted various punishments for 18 different sins . The eighteen floors corresponded to the 18 hells!



After the ship was taken out, it immediately floated in mid-air and turned into an extremely huge ship . The ship was completely covered with a ghastly mist . There were also wailing coming out of it from time to time . All those who heard these wailings would feel pain in their heart .



Zhao Hai’s complexion turned ugly, the pagoda’s bells continued to ring as it resisted the wailing emitted by the ship . At the same time, Zhao Hai also made a retreat . His face slowly turned blue as the veins on his head started to darken .



Lu Wei looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance and couldn’t’ help but let some steam out from within . Although he had suffered several losses before, it was either from those with the same rank or higher . He could still accept those losses, but Zhao Hai? This person was just a single dust in a small plane that he managed . This person actually defeated his incarnation and stole an artifact from him . How could Lu Wei just accept it? He was indescribably mad .



After seeing that Zhao Hai retreated, Lu Wei immediately had the ship collide with the pagoda . The ship’s speed was very fast, causing the wailing sound to get sharper . With no time to respond, Zhao Hai had to hit the ship with the pagoda .



The pagoda violently shook, a fissure can clearly be seen on its body .



Zhao Hai’s expression turned ugly, his body emitted a layer of white light and shot it towards the pagoda . But at this moment, the second impact of the ship came . The pagoda shook even more violently . Zhao Hai couldn’t stop the blood from going out of his mouth as he made a sudden retreat .



Naturally, it was impossible for Lu Wei to let Zhao Hai retreat like that . His body appeared on the back of the ship as they went on to chase Zhao Hai .



Chapter 844 – Lu Wei Appears Zhao Hai looked at this situation and made a command in his mind . Then in the middle of the ballista troops, undead started to appear . All of these undead were God-ranks . Upon appearing, all the undead proceeded to attack the Divines manning the ballistas . These Divines didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have this trick, naturally they were caught off guard . Before long, the Divine Race didn’t have any means to fire their ballistas . The God-rank undead that Zhao Hai sent were all from the Divine Race . Their fighting strength was no weaker than their brethren, conversely, they were even stronger in battle . The other Divines quickly responded to the attack on the ballistas and sent support troops over . Zhao Hai knew that these support troops couldn’t be allowed to besiege the undead . If the undead were surrounded, then they would certainly suffer losses . Zhao Hai immediately retrieved the God-rank undead back into the Space . Several of the undead took ballistas along . However, the undead didn’t just retreat . After taking several ballistas along, they immediately left behind some blood lightning beads, destroying the Divine Race’s ballista shelter After destroying the ballistas, the Divine Race’s base became somewhat panicked . At this time, the magic cannon shelters were also being besieged by the undead . The sudden appearance of the undead once again surprised the Divines . Before the Divines respond, they were already killed by the undead . One by one, Zhao Hai captured the magic cannon and ballista shelters . However, Zhao Hai didn’t relax . He expects that the Divine Race would have more than this . Therefore, Zhao Hai held Fei’er and the others back . He just had the undead continue on with their attack . Just like Zhao Hai thought, as the undead proceeded another batch of light came out from behind the defensive line . One could see that the lights were from the cannons, there were also arrows trailing behind . Zhao Hai saw this and understood that the Divine Race had set up two bases . The ones captured by Zhao Hai was a fake one . The real base was now armed and ready . Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that he couldn’t see any magic cannons nor ballistas in this base . Zhao Hai let the Space look into it but he couldn’t see anything . Behind the fake defensive line was just displayed as a huge white blot . Besides the monitor, Zhao Hai also couldn’t see the cannons using his own eyes . It didn’t take long for Zhao Hai to understand that the Divine Race was using illusion formations to hide their base . This would make it difficult for Zhao Hai to find their ballistas and magic cannons . Zhao Hai smiled faintly, the Divines really prepared well this time . But will this stop him? The Divine Race were too naive . As the undead advanced, they suddenly discovered that they were blocked . In front of them was a shield barring their entry . From time to time, there were cannon fire and arrows coming from behind the shield . Zhao Hai’s undead were completely under attack right now, without the chance to fight back . It’s good that Zhao Hai’s army also had their own defensive formation . Otherwise, the would’ve suffered huge losses . However, Zhao Hai knew that this couldn’t drag on . The Divine Race were certainly buying time to deal with the Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and the Winged Pegasus people . If they were done dealing with the three races, then they would begin to turn on the Ark Continent . At that time, the losses would be bigger . For Zhao Hai, this was completely disadvantages, he couldn’t have this situation happen . Zhao Hai finally made his move . He established his Domain and then released the sword carriage . The Domain turned into a giant as he held the Domain Weapon, ready to strike through the protective shield . There was nothing in front of it, but the giant sword seems to be blocked by a transparent bubble . There was no way for it to go through . Zhao Hai increased the strength of his thrust, making the sword sink further . Then before long, the bubble exploded, revealing the huge base in front . This base had magic cannons, ballistas, soldiers, summoners, and cavalry . At this time, there were people in the base wearing mage robes who were vomiting blood . The other Divines looked in shock at Zhao Hai and the Domain Weapon . Zhao Hai didn’t delay as he made another move and killed his way towards the Divines . At the same time, he also gave Fei’er and the others an order to attack . Zhao Hai believes that this was the Divine Race’s final stronghold, it was impossible for it to become yet another fake base . Once Fei’er and the others received the order, they immediately charged towards the Divine Race . However, the Divine Race were quick to recover . They started to go all out, there were light beams, arrows, javelins flying up in the air . War cries could be heard all along the battlefield . At this time, the summoners also made their move . Under the protection of the soldiers, they started to chant their spell . Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but change . This was the incantation used to summon Lu Wei . Sure enough, after the incantation was finished, white lights suddenly shot out from the summoners . When the lights coalesced, a spatial rift appeared in the sky . From that spatial rift, a shadow of a person came out . After seeing this person, Zhao Hai’s pupils shrunk . This person was no other than Lu Wei . In the past, Lu Wei used the pagoda as a medium to send his incarnation to the Ark Continent . That incarnation almost killed Zhao Hai . Fortunately, Zhao Hai was able to deal with the situation . Zhao Hai knew that Lu Wei wouldn’t just stop at that . But he didn’t think that Lu Wei would send another incarnation this early . Does he think that he could deal with Zhao Hai this time? Zhao Hai just stood within his Domain and coldly looked at Lu Wei . Lu Wei was also looking at Zhao Hai . After some time, Lu Wei smiled and laughed before he said, “I didn’t think that you would actually survive . Moreover, you also dared to face my incarnation once more . Hahaha . It seems like trash still had their uses . I need to thank them for giving me the opportunity to take my revenge . ” Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and then sneered, “What? Are you confident in beating me this time? Don’t be too naive . Last time, you even managed to gift me a magic treasure . ” Lu Wei looked at Zhao Hai with hatred as he said, “Don’t worry, this young master will surely take your soul out and refine it . I’ll make sure that you suffer eternal torment without any way to reincarnate!” Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he retrieved his Domain and stored the sword carriage . He knew that these things were useless against Lu Wei . Then while standing still, Zhao Hai took the tiny pagoda out . The pagoda was glittering and shiny, it was quite attractive . Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and said, “I know that you’re quite strong . It seems like your avatar this time is much stronger compared to the one before . But that all of that is useless against me . Hahahaha . For you, it might be difficult to be strong, but to me, it’s quite easy . Do you know why? Because you are already old, you’re past your prime!” Lu Wei was shocked upon seeing the pagoda on Zhao Hai’s hand . His eyes couldn’t hide his astonishment, but it was quickly replaced with the look of greed . He looked up at the sky and loudly laughed before he said, “Good, you’re quite good, kid . I didn’t expect your crafting skill to be this high . You actually refined the pagoda and added ten thousand year old ice . Hahahaha . Good, good . As long as I retrieve the pagoda, my strength would increase . It seems like I need to give you my gratitude . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly before he gently swung the pagoda . The bells on the pagoda started to chime . The Divines who heard this sound immediately had a look of suffering on their faces . On the other hand, Lu Wei’s expression couldn’t help but change . Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and said, “So you discovered the artifact spirit . It’s different from before, no? Do you think that connecting to your soul would make the pagoda return to you? You’re too naive . I’ve already destroyed your soul inside the pagoda . ” Lu Wei’s complexion changed . His shocked face turned to Zhao Hai, “This is impossible . How can you know all of these? This is impossible!” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Sect Elder Lu, everything is possible in this world . Since I managed to defeat you last time, I can defeat you this time as well . ” After that, Zhao Hai had the pagoda fly up . As the pagoda rose, it immediately turned into a massive pagoda capable of holding the heavens and the earth . The bells on the pagoda chimed, all who heard the sound felt their minds go tranquil . Their heart for battle was immediately quenched . Lu Wei knew about this kind of spiritual attack . He just didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be able to achieve it here . Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and smiled . He waved his hand and had the pagoda charge towards Lu Wei’s incarnation . At the same time, Lu Wei waved his hand and retrieved a carved shield made out of the head of an animal . Once the pagoda hit the shield, it shook, however, it wasn’t able to push through . Lu Wei saw this and couldn’t help but smile . He looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “It’s like a wax tipped spearhead, completely useless . You’re dead, kid!” Zhao Hai couldn’t help but show his amazement . He turned to Lu Wei and said, “i didn’t expect your incarnation to be this powerful . It seems like you really intend to deal with me this time . ” Lu Wei had a wicked gaze as he looked at Zhao Hai, then with a cold voice he replied, “You’ve made a huge mistake . I manage this place, and it would provide me with faith power . But because of you, all faith power disappeared . Not only did I lose faith power, I also lost an avatar . I became a laughinstock in the sect because of that . So how could I just let you go off easily? If I can’t take your soul out and make you suffer in eternal hell, I won’t be able to erase my hatred!” Zhao Hai’s expression changed . He took the pagoda back to protect his body . At the same time, Lu Wei patted his small bag and took out a ship . This ship was divided into 18 floors . It’s body was fully pitch black . On the ship were black masts with the character for ‘prison’ written in red ink . On each floor on the ship were murals . Each mural depicted various punishments for 18 different sins . The eighteen floors corresponded to the 18 hells! After the ship was taken out, it immediately floated in mid-air and turned into an extremely huge ship . The ship was completely covered with a ghastly mist . There were also wailing coming out of it from time to time . All those who heard these wailings would feel pain in their heart . Zhao Hai’s complexion turned ugly, the pagoda’s bells continued to ring as it resisted the wailing emitted by the ship . At the same time, Zhao Hai also made a retreat . His face slowly turned blue as the veins on his head started to darken . Lu Wei looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance and couldn’t’ help but let some steam out from within . Although he had suffered several losses before, it was either from those with the same rank or higher . He could still accept those losses, but Zhao Hai? This person was just a single dust in a small plane that he managed . This person actually defeated his incarnation and stole an artifact from him . How could Lu Wei just accept it? He was indescribably mad . After seeing that Zhao Hai retreated, Lu Wei immediately had the ship collide with the pagoda . The ship’s speed was very fast, causing the wailing sound to get sharper . With no time to respond, Zhao Hai had to hit the ship with the pagoda . The pagoda violently shook, a fissure can clearly be seen on its body . Zhao Hai’s expression turned ugly, his body emitted a layer of white light and shot it towards the pagoda . But at this moment, the second impact of the ship came . The pagoda shook even more violently . Zhao Hai couldn’t stop the blood from going out of his mouth as he made a sudden retreat . Naturally, it was impossible for Lu Wei to let Zhao Hai retreat like that . His body appeared on the back of the ship as they went on to chase Zhao Hai .





* * *Chapter 845 – Great Dao Lotus Formation



Fei’er and the others were also able to see this fight . For them, the scales of the battle was beyond their capability .



They had seen Zhao Hai use the domain weapon before, but to be honest, after seeing Lu Wei’s ship, they were certain that the domain weapon would shatter upon meeting this ship .



Their heads couldn’t help but keep looking towards Zhao Hai and Lu Wei, their clash was just too shocking .



Similarly shocked was the Demon Dragon King . He had seen Lu Wei’s portrait before, however he didn’t see him with his own eyes . Because of this, he still had some disbelief regarding this matter . But now that Lu Wei was literally in front of him, it was impossible for him to reject it .



Lu Wei hasn’t changed his appearance . Therefore, he still looked the same as the one in the portrait . He didn’t even change his clothes, it’s not possible for the Demon Dragon King to mistake him with someone else .



At this time, Zhao Hai can see that this ghastly ship was the medium that Lu Wei was using to manifest his incarnation . Moreover, the ship was certainly more powerful than the soul sucking pagoda .



Zhao Hai was currently retreating while spurting out blood . The alliance members were stunned . They knew that if Zhao Hai cannot stop Lu Wei, then they could only wait for their deaths . They couldn’t help but get worried for Zhao Hai’s situation .



The ones focusing on the fight wasn’t only the alliance, the Divines were concerned about the result as well . In fact, this summoning was because of Lu Wei . He couldn’t stomach the humiliation from last time, so he commanded the Divine Race to summon him . He wanted to deal with Zhao Hai himself .



Lu Wei’s plan was good, but he didn’t think that Zhao Hai was expecting him to come back at some point . Therefore, Zhao Hai had been ready, causing Lu Wei to have problems in swiftly getting rid of him .



As the chase went on, they eventually arrived back at the Ark Continent . At this moment, Zhao Hai stopped, he stood still as he smiled at Lu Wei .



After seeing Zhao Hai’s expression, Lu Wei stared . He stopped his chase and carefully went forward . He was afraid that Zhao Hai might have some traps . Lu Wei looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Kid, there’s no need to be mysterious . Either way, you will die today!”



Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei as he smiled faintly and said, “I just want to thank mister Lu Wei for giving me yet another magic treasure . Hahaha . Aren’t you confused as to why I stopped? Then see it for yourself . ” After he said this, Zhao Hai’s body vanished .



Lu Wei stopped and looked around, there seems to be no change in the surroundings . But the complete disappearance of Zhao Hai took him by surprise . Then he operated the ship to fly forward . However, after some time, there seems to be no change .



The scenery kept passing by him, but Lu Wei still couldn’t see Zhao Hai . This confused Lu Wei even more . He went in all directions but Zhao Hai still wasn’t there .



Lu Wei’s complexion turned gloomy . He suddenly thought that Zhao Hai had left him here to go and deal with the Divine Race .



After thinking about this, Lu Wei immediately turned around towards the Divine Realm . But when the turned, he was suddenly shocked . The rift joining the Ark Continent and the Divine Race had vanished!



Lu Wei stared, he looked all around and saw no changes in the surrounding . He tried to fly forward and the scenery moved with him, when he stopped, the scenery stopped . Everything was normal besides the fact that the spatial rift had vanished . It was this abnormality that Lu Wei understood, Zhao Hai had trapped him in a weird array!



An array was a special method of attacking and trapping someone in the immortal cultivation plane . It didn’t exist in the Ark Continent, nor did it exist in the Divine Realm . The magic formations that the Ark Continent was completely different than these magic arrays .



But generally speaking, magic formations and magic arrays both used the power of the heavens to serve its purpose . However, compared to formations, arrays were more profound, their formidability was several folds more . Magic formations of the Ark Continent would look like drawings of a three-year old while magic arrays were something studied by university students .



In the immortal cultivation realm, no matter what you do, you must use an array . Otherwise, things would be difficult . If one makes an immortal cave, one should use an array . When one fought, arrays were crucial . Even in crafting weapons, arrays held an important role . It can be said that arrays and the people of the immortal cultivation realm were mutually related .



Because of this , after several tries, Lu Wei was able to affirm that he has been trapped in Zhao Hai’s array .



Now he can understand why Zhao Hai vanished . He didn’t go and kill the Divine Race, he was operating the array .



Lu Wei was indeed inside Zhao Hai’s formation, however, contrary to what he thought, the formation didn’t need someone to control it . It was because the place where Lu Wei was now was inside Zhao Hai’s Dao Lotus .



After Zhao Hai controlled the dao lotus, he discovered that it had countless uses . Not only could it help him cultivate, it can also attack and trap his enemies . Most importantly, the dao lotus was like a living being . It can absorb energy from the world and cultivate .



The dao lotus was constantly helping Zhao Hai in his cultivation, increasing his level all the time . At the same time it also absorbs some energy for itself . For every seven units of energy that Zhao Hai absorbed, the lotus would have three units absorbed for its own cultivation .



But during a fight, all the energy that the lotus absorbed were all given to Zhao Hai . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t dissatisfied of the lotus taking his energy for itself . In any case, the dao lotus was his innate life weapon . The stronger the lotus got, the stronger he would be .



The reason why Zhao Hai retreated was because he was baiting Lu Wei towards the dao louts, only then could he do something to the incarnation . Lu Wei’s projection was very strong . Even if Zhao Hai went all out, it would still be difficult . However, if Lu Wei was trapped inside the lotus, things would be different .



The Dao Lotus was itself a magical array, and it was very strong . Zhao Hai even compared it to the tiny pagoda . In the end, the pagoda couldn’t compare to the lotus .



Zhao Hai didn’t want Lu Wei to know about the lotus . Therefore, Zhao hai used the Space to arrange the lotus array in the Ark Continent . Then he showed that he was weak to lure Lu Wei in .



Zhao Hai doesn’t believe that Lu Wei’s incarnation would be able to break out of the dao lotus . There simply was no way for him to go out . Lu Wei thought that he was inside Zhao Hai’s array, but he didn’t think that he was trapped inside a magic treasure .



Zhao Hai was in the Space looking calmly at Lu Wei . Lu Wei was currently standing in place and had a thinking expression on his face . Zhao Hai understood that Lu Wei must have discovered his current situation and was trying to think of a way of breaking out .



Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and then at the ship . In fact, they were in the same place since the beginning, they didn’t leave . Zhao Hai knew that Lu Wei was still quite lucky since the attacks were yet to come . Once Zhao Hai starts attacking, Lu Wei wouldn’t be having a good time .



At this time, Lu Wei started to move . He patted the bag on his side and took out a plate . Along with the plate were a lot of small flags .



Lu Wei raised his hand as the plate flew out from his hand . Then the plate slowly grew larger before it buried itself in the ground . At this point, the small flags had increased their size to a normal flag .



Lu Wei walked inside the area covered by the plate and pulled out a flag and placed it in the middle . Zhao Hai saw Lu Wei continue to go about and place the flags on certain places . His array seemed to be controlled by the plate and the flags .



Zhao Hai didn’t worry too much as he spectated Lu Wei . This was because Zhao Hai had found out that everything has already been overpowered by the Dao Lotus, including the plate and flag array . Although Lu Wei could see some effects, Zhao Hai knew that the plate and flags were already broken . At this point, the effects were only an illusion made by the Dao Lotus .



However, Lu Wei didn’t know about this . He was still planting flags as he used his formation . He kept grabbing phantom threads in the surroundings, not knowing that they were illusions made by the lotus .



After a some time, Lu Wei saw a crack in the space . He flew out of the the plate’s range and looked around . He nodded before he entered the crack .



Zhao Hai knew that things had reached its end . This was because Lu Wei was advancing towards the center of the lotus . As long as he flew forward, the Dao Lotus would proceed to attack him .



Before long, Lu Wei’s flight speed had slowed down . His speed kept decreasing as though he was mired in a swamp .



Naturally, Lu Wei quickly realized what was happening . His complexion changed as he immediately stopped . Then he ordered his ship to retreat . However, he didn’t know that invisible forces had already surrounded him, proceeding to attack!



Chapter 845 – Great Dao Lotus Formation Fei’er and the others were also able to see this fight . For them, the scales of the battle was beyond their capability . They had seen Zhao Hai use the domain weapon before, but to be honest, after seeing Lu Wei’s ship, they were certain that the domain weapon would shatter upon meeting this ship . Their heads couldn’t help but keep looking towards Zhao Hai and Lu Wei, their clash was just too shocking . Similarly shocked was the Demon Dragon King . He had seen Lu Wei’s portrait before, however he didn’t see him with his own eyes . Because of this, he still had some disbelief regarding this matter . But now that Lu Wei was literally in front of him, it was impossible for him to reject it . Lu Wei hasn’t changed his appearance . Therefore, he still looked the same as the one in the portrait . He didn’t even change his clothes, it’s not possible for the Demon Dragon King to mistake him with someone else . At this time, Zhao Hai can see that this ghastly ship was the medium that Lu Wei was using to manifest his incarnation . Moreover, the ship was certainly more powerful than the soul sucking pagoda . Zhao Hai was currently retreating while spurting out blood . The alliance members were stunned . They knew that if Zhao Hai cannot stop Lu Wei, then they could only wait for their deaths . They couldn’t help but get worried for Zhao Hai’s situation . The ones focusing on the fight wasn’t only the alliance, the Divines were concerned about the result as well . In fact, this summoning was because of Lu Wei . He couldn’t stomach the humiliation from last time, so he commanded the Divine Race to summon him . He wanted to deal with Zhao Hai himself . Lu Wei’s plan was good, but he didn’t think that Zhao Hai was expecting him to come back at some point . Therefore, Zhao Hai had been ready, causing Lu Wei to have problems in swiftly getting rid of him . As the chase went on, they eventually arrived back at the Ark Continent . At this moment, Zhao Hai stopped, he stood still as he smiled at Lu Wei . After seeing Zhao Hai’s expression, Lu Wei stared . He stopped his chase and carefully went forward . He was afraid that Zhao Hai might have some traps . Lu Wei looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Kid, there’s no need to be mysterious . Either way, you will die today!” Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei as he smiled faintly and said, “I just want to thank mister Lu Wei for giving me yet another magic treasure . Hahaha . Aren’t you confused as to why I stopped? Then see it for yourself . ” After he said this, Zhao Hai’s body vanished . Lu Wei stopped and looked around, there seems to be no change in the surroundings . But the complete disappearance of Zhao Hai took him by surprise . Then he operated the ship to fly forward . However, after some time, there seems to be no change . The scenery kept passing by him, but Lu Wei still couldn’t see Zhao Hai . This confused Lu Wei even more . He went in all directions but Zhao Hai still wasn’t there . Lu Wei’s complexion turned gloomy . He suddenly thought that Zhao Hai had left him here to go and deal with the Divine Race . After thinking about this, Lu Wei immediately turned around towards the Divine Realm . But when the turned, he was suddenly shocked . The rift joining the Ark Continent and the Divine Race had vanished! Lu Wei stared, he looked all around and saw no changes in the surrounding . He tried to fly forward and the scenery moved with him, when he stopped, the scenery stopped . Everything was normal besides the fact that the spatial rift had vanished . It was this abnormality that Lu Wei understood, Zhao Hai had trapped him in a weird array! An array was a special method of attacking and trapping someone in the immortal cultivation plane . It didn’t exist in the Ark Continent, nor did it exist in the Divine Realm . The magic formations that the Ark Continent was completely different than these magic arrays . But generally speaking, magic formations and magic arrays both used the power of the heavens to serve its purpose . However, compared to formations, arrays were more profound, their formidability was several folds more . Magic formations of the Ark Continent would look like drawings of a three-year old while magic arrays were something studied by university students . In the immortal cultivation realm, no matter what you do, you must use an array . Otherwise, things would be difficult . If one makes an immortal cave, one should use an array . When one fought, arrays were crucial . Even in crafting weapons, arrays held an important role . It can be said that arrays and the people of the immortal cultivation realm were mutually related . Because of this , after several tries, Lu Wei was able to affirm that he has been trapped in Zhao Hai’s array . Now he can understand why Zhao Hai vanished . He didn’t go and kill the Divine Race, he was operating the array . Lu Wei was indeed inside Zhao Hai’s formation, however, contrary to what he thought, the formation didn’t need someone to control it . It was because the place where Lu Wei was now was inside Zhao Hai’s Dao Lotus . After Zhao Hai controlled the dao lotus, he discovered that it had countless uses . Not only could it help him cultivate, it can also attack and trap his enemies . Most importantly, the dao lotus was like a living being . It can absorb energy from the world and cultivate . The dao lotus was constantly helping Zhao Hai in his cultivation, increasing his level all the time . At the same time it also absorbs some energy for itself . For every seven units of energy that Zhao Hai absorbed, the lotus would have three units absorbed for its own cultivation . But during a fight, all the energy that the lotus absorbed were all given to Zhao Hai . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t dissatisfied of the lotus taking his energy for itself . In any case, the dao lotus was his innate life weapon . The stronger the lotus got, the stronger he would be . The reason why Zhao Hai retreated was because he was baiting Lu Wei towards the dao louts, only then could he do something to the incarnation . Lu Wei’s projection was very strong . Even if Zhao Hai went all out, it would still be difficult . However, if Lu Wei was trapped inside the lotus, things would be different . The Dao Lotus was itself a magical array, and it was very strong . Zhao Hai even compared it to the tiny pagoda . In the end, the pagoda couldn’t compare to the lotus . Zhao Hai didn’t want Lu Wei to know about the lotus . Therefore, Zhao hai used the Space to arrange the lotus array in the Ark Continent . Then he showed that he was weak to lure Lu Wei in . Zhao Hai doesn’t believe that Lu Wei’s incarnation would be able to break out of the dao lotus . There simply was no way for him to go out . Lu Wei thought that he was inside Zhao Hai’s array, but he didn’t think that he was trapped inside a magic treasure . Zhao Hai was in the Space looking calmly at Lu Wei . Lu Wei was currently standing in place and had a thinking expression on his face . Zhao Hai understood that Lu Wei must have discovered his current situation and was trying to think of a way of breaking out . Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and then at the ship . In fact, they were in the same place since the beginning, they didn’t leave . Zhao Hai knew that Lu Wei was still quite lucky since the attacks were yet to come . Once Zhao Hai starts attacking, Lu Wei wouldn’t be having a good time . At this time, Lu Wei started to move . He patted the bag on his side and took out a plate . Along with the plate were a lot of small flags . Lu Wei raised his hand as the plate flew out from his hand . Then the plate slowly grew larger before it buried itself in the ground . At this point, the small flags had increased their size to a normal flag . Lu Wei walked inside the area covered by the plate and pulled out a flag and placed it in the middle . Zhao Hai saw Lu Wei continue to go about and place the flags on certain places . His array seemed to be controlled by the plate and the flags . Zhao Hai didn’t worry too much as he spectated Lu Wei . This was because Zhao Hai had found out that everything has already been overpowered by the Dao Lotus, including the plate and flag array . Although Lu Wei could see some effects, Zhao Hai knew that the plate and flags were already broken . At this point, the effects were only an illusion made by the Dao Lotus . However, Lu Wei didn’t know about this . He was still planting flags as he used his formation . He kept grabbing phantom threads in the surroundings, not knowing that they were illusions made by the lotus . After a some time, Lu Wei saw a crack in the space . He flew out of the the plate’s range and looked around . He nodded before he entered the crack . Zhao Hai knew that things had reached its end . This was because Lu Wei was advancing towards the center of the lotus . As long as he flew forward, the Dao Lotus would proceed to attack him . Before long, Lu Wei’s flight speed had slowed down . His speed kept decreasing as though he was mired in a swamp . Naturally, Lu Wei quickly realized what was happening . His complexion changed as he immediately stopped . Then he ordered his ship to retreat . However, he didn’t know that invisible forces had already surrounded him, proceeding to attack!





* * *Chapter 846 – Human Fueled Ship



Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and knew that it was time to end things . Fei’er and the others were still fighting in the Divine Realm, so things couldn’t be delayed . Since physical their physical attacks were useless against Lu Wei’s avatar, then Zhao Hai might as well use soul attacks .



After thinking up to here, Zhao Hai immediately released the pagoda to help the dao lotus to deal with Lu Wei . Actually, the pagoda wasn’t badly damaged at all . Zhao Hai just deliberately seem like it was broken so that he can lure Lu Wei in . One must know that ten thousand year old ice couldn’t be easily broken .



Lu Wei was in big trouble now . He was continually attacked from all sides . In Zhao Hai’s eyes, there was just a cloudless sky . But for Lu Wei, he was surrounded by dark clouds that attacked him with constant lightning strikes .



Lu Wei felt distressed while receiving these attacks . He had discovered that these lightning were fatal to him .



Zhao Hai thought that these attacks wouldn’t do great damage to Lu Wei . After all, Lu Wei was only a projection, because of this, he had the pagoda go to help .



Actually, Zhao Hai’s understanding of the dao lotus was still too limited . In fact, the dao lotus’ main attacks were dealt directly to the soul . Otherwise, it would have been impossible for it to trap the enemy .



However, Zhao Hai having the pagoda help was the right decision . Although the pagoda couldn’t compare to the dao lotus, its soul attacks were more sinister . The Dao Lotus would just attack the soul while the pagoda would directly swallow it, refining the soul to become its own energy .



Lu Wei didn’t know that Zhao Hai had sent the pagoda after him . At this point, he was commanding the ship to resist the various attacks .



At this time, Lu Wei was resisting the pressure mounted on top of him . But suddenly, the pressure vanished . Lu Wei stared blankly . At this moment, a strong suction suddenly came from the top of his head, sucking Lu Wei in . Upon sensing this attack, Lu Wei immediately commanded the ship to counter the suction . However, he suddenly found that his connection to the ship has vanished .



Lu Wei became surprised . His divine sense was attached to the ship . If he lost contact with the ship, then this body would lose its strength .



Lu Wei looked around and discovered that he had arrived inside a room . It seems like he was inside a pagoda . Upon thinking about this, Lu Wei’s expression sank . He understood that he had been trapped inside the soul sucking pagoda .



He was only a simple soul right now, his formidable strength was gone . At this point, he was as good as dead .



However, Lu Wei also thought that this was an opportunity . Because he remembered that he just used the ship to crack the pagoda . As long as he blows a part of his soul and destroys the pagoda, then he could have the opportunity to ascend back to the immortal cultivation realm .



The reason why Lu Wei thought about this was because although his soul was inside the pagoda, his divine will was still inside the ship . As long as his soul escapes the grasp of the pagoda, then the ship would still be under his control . Although he can’t defeat Zhao Hai, the ship can still return .



After thinking up to here, Lu Wei immediately blew himself up . After a bang, Lu Wei’s soul became weaker . However, the Pagoda actually didn’t move . While Lu Wei was stunned, a lot of mouths suddenly appeared, ripping Lu Wei’s body to pieces .



As Lu Wei’s soul was shredded, the ship finally lost its master . It slowly shrank until it became as small as one’s palm . Then it proceeded to fall towards the ground .



Naturally, Zhao Hai won’t have the ship fall into the ground . A spatial rift appeared below the ship and then absorbed it into the Space .



When the ship entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, “Hostile program detected in the Space . Proceeding to subdue . Program has surrendered . Item with rich death qi detected . Its uses need further research . Host is be able to use the item right now . ”



Zhao Hai gave a sigh of relief . Then he proceeded to input his energy inside the ship . As it absorbed Zhao Hai’s energy, the ship also became larger .



Zhao Hai’s energy caused the ship to enlarge up to a meter long . Then Zhao Hai carefully inspected the ghastly ship . He discovered that the ship had more energy amplification compared to domain weapons . After his energy enters the ship, the amount that would be used was countless times more . Naturally, domain weapons could do the same, but they were much worse compared to the ship . Compared to domain weapons, the ship could amplify energy 10 thousand times more . The difference was just too far .



Zhao Hai gave a satisfied nod . After receiving the dao lotus and pagoda, Zhao Hai released the ship and stood on its bow as he headed towards the Divine Realm’s spatial rift .



In the Divine Realm, the undead, Demons, Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and Winged Pegasus were still fighting against the Divine Race army . At this point, the Divine Race were at a high morale . They just saw Lu Wei hit Zhao Hai to the point of vomiting blood . In their opinion, Zhao Hai’s time was nearing its end .



At the same time, Fei’er and the others’ morale was also greatly affected . They were unaware of it, but they were now depending on Zhao Hai . Now that they saw him getting injured, their mood couldn’t help but sink .



At this time, a ship slowly entered the Divine Realm . When the Divines saw this, they couldn’t’ help but let out a loud cheer . Now that the ship has returned, this meant that Zhao Hai was gone .



However, the Divine Race’s cheer came at an abrupt stop . This was because the person standing on the ship’s bow wasn’t Lu Wei .



Those present focused their gazes and found out that it was actually Zhao Hai . The Divines were completely dumbfounded while Fei’er and the others felt indescribably glad .



Zhao Hai looked at the Divines and coldly smiled, “What? Still waiting for your deity? Sorry but he will not be coming back . ”



All of the Divines were staring at Zhao Hai . They didn’t expect that Zhao Hai, who had just vomited blood, would actually eliminate their Deity .



Zhao Hai didn’t become polite as he immediately directed the ship to hammer towards the Divine Race . The speed of the ship was very fast, the dazed Divines didn’t even have time to recover before they had been smashed by Zhao Hai . Blood immediately splattered in the air . Those hit by the ship were almost immediately flattened and killed . Those who didn’t die were crippled . At this time, the dead bodies were all sucked into the ship .



It wasn’t Zhao Hai taking the bodies into the Space, instead, the ship was taking them for itself . This caused Zhao Hai to be slightly stunned . Then he used his divine sense to scan the ship . He discovered that the ship was refining the corpses of those who died . Upon refining, the energy produced was used to power the ship . At the same time, the souls of those who died were transformed into ghosts . This ship actually used people to fuel itself .



The more people it refined, the more imposing the ship became . Zhao Hai finally understood that this ship was of the devil attribute . It would fuel itself with the bodies of its enemies, making it stronger as more people were killed .



While Zhao Hai was inspecting the ship, Fei’er and the others immediately took the chance to overrun the Divine Race . At this point, the Divine Race’s morale had sunk into a steep decline .



After Zhao Hai finished his inspection, he discovered that there were no longer enemy soldiers in front of him . The Divine Race army had unexpectedly been routed .



Zhao Hai quickly understood why this was the case . Lu Wei’s status with the Divine Race was very high . Therefore, the more powerful Lu Wei seemed, the more confidence the Divine Race had . And now that Lu Wei was killed, the morale of the Divine Race would naturally be greatly reduced . At this point, it would be hard for them to stop the attack of the alliance .



After beating the Divine Race army, Zhao Hai and the others didn’t stay . Instead, they advanced into the Taurus Continent . While they advanced, Zhao Hai came across something that surprised him . They had just passed through a village with no person inside .



Zhao Hai carefully looked at the village . It seems like the people inside didn’t move out recently, but days before . Moreover, their retreat seems to be organized . Everything that was usable and consumable were all taken away .



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but knit his brows . Did the Divine Race know that they couldn’t block the alliance?



At this time, Fei’er and the others also arrived by Zhao Hai’s side . At this point, Zhao Hai had already stored the ship, but Fei’er and the others were looking at him with respect . Zhao Hai and Lu Wei’s battle had made them understand the disparity between their strengths .



Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “Where did the Divine Race retreat to?”



Fei’er immediately answered, “They should be in Holy Light City, the nearest big city in this region . It has a population of more than 20 million . Moreover, its defensive capability is quite strong . From what I can remember, there should be about 5000 magic cannons protecting the city . It also has plenty of ballista . Most importantly, the city is protected by a strong defensive formation . ”



Zhao Hai frowned when he heard this, then he said, “How strong is the Divine Race’s defensive formation?”



Fei’er answered, “Generally, the defensive formations of the Divine Race are quite strong . Even God ranks would have problems breaking through it . This was because of the foreign races . The Taurus Divines knew their capabilities so they strengthened the defenses of their cities . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, “Let’s stop here first, have everyone rest . At the same time, send people to the spatial rift while I have my undead repair the Divine Race’s defensive line . We might have use for it later on . ”



Fei’er and the others immediately nodded before turning around to leave . After they left, Zhao Hai frowned . He looked towards the Taurus Continent, wondering about what their plan was .



Chapter 846 – Human Fueled Ship Zhao Hai looked at Lu Wei and knew that it was time to end things . Fei’er and the others were still fighting in the Divine Realm, so things couldn’t be delayed . Since physical their physical attacks were useless against Lu Wei’s avatar, then Zhao Hai might as well use soul attacks . After thinking up to here, Zhao Hai immediately released the pagoda to help the dao lotus to deal with Lu Wei . Actually, the pagoda wasn’t badly damaged at all . Zhao Hai just deliberately seem like it was broken so that he can lure Lu Wei in . One must know that ten thousand year old ice couldn’t be easily broken . Lu Wei was in big trouble now . He was continually attacked from all sides . In Zhao Hai’s eyes, there was just a cloudless sky . But for Lu Wei, he was surrounded by dark clouds that attacked him with constant lightning strikes . Lu Wei felt distressed while receiving these attacks . He had discovered that these lightning were fatal to him . Zhao Hai thought that these attacks wouldn’t do great damage to Lu Wei . After all, Lu Wei was only a projection, because of this, he had the pagoda go to help . Actually, Zhao Hai’s understanding of the dao lotus was still too limited . In fact, the dao lotus’ main attacks were dealt directly to the soul . Otherwise, it would have been impossible for it to trap the enemy . However, Zhao Hai having the pagoda help was the right decision . Although the pagoda couldn’t compare to the dao lotus, its soul attacks were more sinister . The Dao Lotus would just attack the soul while the pagoda would directly swallow it, refining the soul to become its own energy . Lu Wei didn’t know that Zhao Hai had sent the pagoda after him . At this point, he was commanding the ship to resist the various attacks . At this time, Lu Wei was resisting the pressure mounted on top of him . But suddenly, the pressure vanished . Lu Wei stared blankly . At this moment, a strong suction suddenly came from the top of his head, sucking Lu Wei in . Upon sensing this attack, Lu Wei immediately commanded the ship to counter the suction . However, he suddenly found that his connection to the ship has vanished . Lu Wei became surprised . His divine sense was attached to the ship . If he lost contact with the ship, then this body would lose its strength . Lu Wei looked around and discovered that he had arrived inside a room . It seems like he was inside a pagoda . Upon thinking about this, Lu Wei’s expression sank . He understood that he had been trapped inside the soul sucking pagoda . He was only a simple soul right now, his formidable strength was gone . At this point, he was as good as dead . However, Lu Wei also thought that this was an opportunity . Because he remembered that he just used the ship to crack the pagoda . As long as he blows a part of his soul and destroys the pagoda, then he could have the opportunity to ascend back to the immortal cultivation realm . The reason why Lu Wei thought about this was because although his soul was inside the pagoda, his divine will was still inside the ship . As long as his soul escapes the grasp of the pagoda, then the ship would still be under his control . Although he can’t defeat Zhao Hai, the ship can still return . After thinking up to here, Lu Wei immediately blew himself up . After a bang, Lu Wei’s soul became weaker . However, the Pagoda actually didn’t move . While Lu Wei was stunned, a lot of mouths suddenly appeared, ripping Lu Wei’s body to pieces . As Lu Wei’s soul was shredded, the ship finally lost its master . It slowly shrank until it became as small as one’s palm . Then it proceeded to fall towards the ground . Naturally, Zhao Hai won’t have the ship fall into the ground . A spatial rift appeared below the ship and then absorbed it into the Space . When the ship entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, “Hostile program detected in the Space . Proceeding to subdue . Program has surrendered . Item with rich death qi detected . Its uses need further research . Host is be able to use the item right now . ” Zhao Hai gave a sigh of relief . Then he proceeded to input his energy inside the ship . As it absorbed Zhao Hai’s energy, the ship also became larger . Zhao Hai’s energy caused the ship to enlarge up to a meter long . Then Zhao Hai carefully inspected the ghastly ship . He discovered that the ship had more energy amplification compared to domain weapons . After his energy enters the ship, the amount that would be used was countless times more . Naturally, domain weapons could do the same, but they were much worse compared to the ship . Compared to domain weapons, the ship could amplify energy 10 thousand times more . The difference was just too far . Zhao Hai gave a satisfied nod . After receiving the dao lotus and pagoda, Zhao Hai released the ship and stood on its bow as he headed towards the Divine Realm’s spatial rift . In the Divine Realm, the undead, Demons, Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and Winged Pegasus were still fighting against the Divine Race army . At this point, the Divine Race were at a high morale . They just saw Lu Wei hit Zhao Hai to the point of vomiting blood . In their opinion, Zhao Hai’s time was nearing its end . At the same time, Fei’er and the others’ morale was also greatly affected . They were unaware of it, but they were now depending on Zhao Hai . Now that they saw him getting injured, their mood couldn’t help but sink . At this time, a ship slowly entered the Divine Realm . When the Divines saw this, they couldn’t’ help but let out a loud cheer . Now that the ship has returned, this meant that Zhao Hai was gone . However, the Divine Race’s cheer came at an abrupt stop . This was because the person standing on the ship’s bow wasn’t Lu Wei . Those present focused their gazes and found out that it was actually Zhao Hai . The Divines were completely dumbfounded while Fei’er and the others felt indescribably glad . Zhao Hai looked at the Divines and coldly smiled, “What? Still waiting for your deity? Sorry but he will not be coming back . ” All of the Divines were staring at Zhao Hai . They didn’t expect that Zhao Hai, who had just vomited blood, would actually eliminate their Deity . Zhao Hai didn’t become polite as he immediately directed the ship to hammer towards the Divine Race . The speed of the ship was very fast, the dazed Divines didn’t even have time to recover before they had been smashed by Zhao Hai . Blood immediately splattered in the air . Those hit by the ship were almost immediately flattened and killed . Those who didn’t die were crippled . At this time, the dead bodies were all sucked into the ship . It wasn’t Zhao Hai taking the bodies into the Space, instead, the ship was taking them for itself . This caused Zhao Hai to be slightly stunned . Then he used his divine sense to scan the ship . He discovered that the ship was refining the corpses of those who died . Upon refining, the energy produced was used to power the ship . At the same time, the souls of those who died were transformed into ghosts . This ship actually used people to fuel itself . The more people it refined, the more imposing the ship became . Zhao Hai finally understood that this ship was of the devil attribute . It would fuel itself with the bodies of its enemies, making it stronger as more people were killed . While Zhao Hai was inspecting the ship, Fei’er and the others immediately took the chance to overrun the Divine Race . At this point, the Divine Race’s morale had sunk into a steep decline . After Zhao Hai finished his inspection, he discovered that there were no longer enemy soldiers in front of him . The Divine Race army had unexpectedly been routed . Zhao Hai quickly understood why this was the case . Lu Wei’s status with the Divine Race was very high . Therefore, the more powerful Lu Wei seemed, the more confidence the Divine Race had . And now that Lu Wei was killed, the morale of the Divine Race would naturally be greatly reduced . At this point, it would be hard for them to stop the attack of the alliance . After beating the Divine Race army, Zhao Hai and the others didn’t stay . Instead, they advanced into the Taurus Continent . While they advanced, Zhao Hai came across something that surprised him . They had just passed through a village with no person inside . Zhao Hai carefully looked at the village . It seems like the people inside didn’t move out recently, but days before . Moreover, their retreat seems to be organized . Everything that was usable and consumable were all taken away . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but knit his brows . Did the Divine Race know that they couldn’t block the alliance? At this time, Fei’er and the others also arrived by Zhao Hai’s side . At this point, Zhao Hai had already stored the ship, but Fei’er and the others were looking at him with respect . Zhao Hai and Lu Wei’s battle had made them understand the disparity between their strengths . Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “Where did the Divine Race retreat to?” Fei’er immediately answered, “They should be in Holy Light City, the nearest big city in this region . It has a population of more than 20 million . Moreover, its defensive capability is quite strong . From what I can remember, there should be about 5000 magic cannons protecting the city . It also has plenty of ballista . Most importantly, the city is protected by a strong defensive formation . ” Zhao Hai frowned when he heard this, then he said, “How strong is the Divine Race’s defensive formation?” Fei’er answered, “Generally, the defensive formations of the Divine Race are quite strong . Even God ranks would have problems breaking through it . This was because of the foreign races . The Taurus Divines knew their capabilities so they strengthened the defenses of their cities . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “Let’s stop here first, have everyone rest . At the same time, send people to the spatial rift while I have my undead repair the Divine Race’s defensive line . We might have use for it later on . ” Fei’er and the others immediately nodded before turning around to leave . After they left, Zhao Hai frowned . He looked towards the Taurus Continent, wondering about what their plan was .





* * *Chapter 847 – Hell King’s Ship



Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t just looking at the scenery . To be honest, the Divine Realm wasn’t that much better compared to the Ark Continent . The grass and landscape here was no different . This was what confused Zhao Hai .



At this time, Zhao Hai wanted to know why the people of the village retreated . Did they expect Lu Wei to fail? Is that the reason? However, if that was the case, then the Divine Race’s rout was unjustified .



If the Divine Race didn’t have any confidence in Lu Wei, then they wouldn’t have lost their will when he was eliminated . Now that they retreated, this meant that they trusted Lu Wei to succeed . But if they were confident in Lu Wei, then they wouldn’t have evacuated their people .



It was a contradictory thing, Zhao Hai was unable to make sense of it . After all, he doesn’t understand how the Divine Race thinks .



Fei’er and the others had returned to Zhao Hai’s side . At this point, they were already treating him as the alliance leader .



After the group got into the ship and sat down, they saw Zhao Hai’s puzzled expression . Upon knowing why, Fei’er and the others were similarly confused .



After some time, Shan opened his mouth and said, “Maybe the Divine Race wanted us to come to the Taurus Continent . They would block the spatial rift and then trap us in here . ”



Zhao Hai frowned, then he said, “That is impossible . The Divine Race knows about our strength . And with your three races, it would be impossible for them to surround us . Luring us deep into the continent would be an unwise decision . ”



Fei’er knit his brows as he added, “I agree with mister . It might seem like the Divine Race had a lot of troops to face us, but mister might not have noticed that there were a lot of recruits among them . For these people, their emotions greatly affected their performance . After Lu Wei was eliminated and mister appeared with his ship, they were immediately routed . If this was the true Divine Race army, this would not happen . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, he knew the tenacity of a regular Divine Race army . They have fought in the Accra Mountains for days without anybody abandoning the army . The soldiers this time were very quick to go back .



Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Therefore, I think that the Divine Race didn’t have regular troops available right now . Those Divines we faced today might have been composed of civilians . This would explain their lack of will . If this is the case, then it would be unlikely for the Divine Race to lure us into the continent . That would just be a death wish . ”



Yue frowned, then he said, “What about the Divines doing this intentionally? They sent such an army so that we could be confident when entering the Taurus Continent . Then they would deal with us . ”



Zhao Hai also frowned, then he turned his head to the others and said, “Thinking about it at this time is useless . How about we just follow our original plan . You can leave the spatial rift to me . Fei’er, you go and send elite troops to contact your people . Go and see their current situation . Also, give a deadline to the person you’ve sent . If they don’t return by that time, then it means that your people are in dire state . What we need to do now is confront the Divines in Holy Light City . Let’s not think about going too deep . ”



Fei’er and the others nodded . Then the Demon Dragon King, who had not yet spoken, said, “Mister, have you thought about the simplest possibility? Maybe before Lu Wei appeared, the Divine Race already took their people back . That is to say, Lu Wei only came here to deal with you . If this was the case, then that would be a reasonable explanation for this . ”



As soon as he heard the Demon Dragon King, Zhao Hai stared blankly . He smiled bitterly and said, “It seems you’re right . It’s possible that we’ve been thinking about it too much . But in any case, we still cannot underestimate the Divine Race . Let’s go according to our plan . We must capture Holy Light city and make it our base . ”



Fei’er and the others were also thinking that this was their safest choice . So they gave Zhao Hai an approving nod . Zhao Hai looked at the group and then said, “If there’s nothing else, then I won’t be holding you back for long . Demon Dragon, help me rebuild the defensive line . Have the Devil Legion guard the place as well, we need to ensure the safety of our retreat . I will leave magic cannons and javelins to you . Right we should study the Divine Race ballistas . I want to know the reason why they shoot much further . ”



When he heard Zhao Hai, Fei’er smiled faintly and said, “Mister, there’s no need to think about the ballistas . The reason they shoot farther is simply because they used more advanced materials . The inhabitants aren’t the only strong people in the Divine Realm . The the plants and beasts are stronger as well . Because of this, it’s natural for the ballistas made here to be better than the ones in the Ark Continent . ”



Zhao Hai thought about it and nodded, “So it’s like that . Haha . I’ve been thinking too much into things lately . It seems like we should remake our javelins with materials from the Divine Realm . This way, it’ll be better for us to deal with the Divine Race . ”



The group gave a chuckle . Zhao Hai looked at them and then said, “You don’t have to worry about supplies, I’ll take care of it . Right, have your messenger ask if your people need anything . I’ll try my best to provide some help . ”



Fei’er and the others nodded . Although their faces were calm, all of them knew that their people were having a hard time . This was especially true when it came to weapons . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai had a lot of good weapons . Magic cannons, javelins, and even defensive magic formations . All of these things are very useful against the Divine Race . If Zhao Hai could provide them, then their people would be more relaxed in their battles .



Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “Alright, you can go back to your armies . Also, arrange some alarms . We don’t want the Divine Race to sneak an attack . Although they are frightened, we cannot rule out the possibility of counter attack . ”



After Fei’er and the others left, Zhao Hai went back to the Space with the Demon Dragon King . After they entered the Space, Zhao Hai looked at Demon Dragon King and said, “Demon Dragon, when you leave, go and take the sword carriage with you . I have this ship now, so the carriage is useless to me . You can use it to improve your combat power . ”



The Demon Dragon King stared, then a smile couldn’t help but bloom on his face . The Sword Chariot was the Divine Race’s Domain Weapon . Zhao Hai had used it twice before, so the Demon Dragon King knew about its might . He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to give it to him .



Although the Demon Dragon King’s Domain was a black dragon, black dragons still had their claws, he could still hold the Domain Weapon . Having the sword carriage would surely amplify his strength . Later on, he wouldn’t be afraid of facing the Divine Race’s most powerful people .



The Demon Dragon King quickly bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, thank you very much!”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine, don’t be too polite . Right, I’ll have some people sent to rebuild the defensive line . Go prepare the Devil Legion and then send them there . Have them be familiar with the weapons as soon as possible . ”



The Demon Dragon King nodded . Then Zhao Hai waved as he took the sword carriage out and gave it to the Demon Dragon King . Actually, domain weapons didn’t need animals to pull them . As long as its owner provides energy, then they can move by themselves . However, this was more troublesome compared to having it pulled by magic beasts . Because of this, most people would have their domain weapons pulled by magic beasts .



Since he doesn’t need it anymore, Zhao Hai gave the domain weapon to Demon Dragon . It can be said that the Demon Dragon King was well prepared to receive it . He already had magic beasts pulling his black dragon carriage, so he didn’t need to pick his magic beasts . He can just command his dragons to pull the sword carriage instead .



Then Zhao Hai sent the Demon Dragon King to the Demon Space before he returned to the villa . Laura and the others were currently inspecting the pagoda and the ship . At this time, the pagoda and ship were in their smaller form . The crystal pagoda looked very beautiful, like a piece of art . The ship was also quite beautiful, but its ghastly vibe was something hard to like .



Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, “How is it? Aren’t they nice?”



Laura nodded, then she said, “They’re nice . But I don’t like the ship . It’s gloomy, it makes me uncomfortable . ”



Zhao Hai agreed, “That ship is quite a problem . I want it modified . How about we go to the processing machine . Let’s see if there’s a way to improve it . ”



When Laura and the others heard this, they became excited . Then they pulled Zhao Hai to the processing machine .



Upon arriving at the processing machine, Zhao Hai placed the pagoda and the ship on the ground before he pushed the start button . The processing machine gave out a white light, then a voice was heard, “Items rich in Yin energy detected . The two items are compatible and can be combined . Requirements for the upgrade is moon profound water, river of earth fire, golden sand, tree of life, goldmetal wood, and 1 million gold coins . Needs 48 hours to complete . Host may choose the final appearance . ”



Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the processing could actually combine the two items . Moreover, it seems like he could choose its shape . This surprised Zhao Hai .



He immediately turned to the page with the item’s final form . There were numerous ships shown . But the common thing among them was that they were all very attractive .



Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but hurt upon seeing the multiple choices . After a while, he turned to Laura and the others and said, “Which one would you choose?”



As if in agreement, Laura and the others pointed at a picture of a ship . The ship looked very beautiful . It had a light colored hull with a pointed corner at front . It still had 18 decks, and it had a cabin with 9 floors . A flag was set up in front of the ship but the image was left blank . It seems like Zhao Hai was free to choose what flag to place there . Between the topmost deck and the cabin was another floor with a door . Behind the door was a circular pool . The pool’s pattern was like the Taiji figure . Half of it was water, the half was fire . Outside the taiji pool was the eight trigrams chart . Moreover, there were innumerable golden threads going out of it, merging throughout the ship . It looks like the pool was the one powering the ship .



Underneath the ship was water, which was just like waves of the sea . However, it surrounded the ship, clumped up and not flowing down .



Behind the ship were circular holes with flames blowing out from time to time .



Besides these things, there were also cannons on both sides of the ship . There were 64 cannons on each side, 128 cannons in total .



There were also carvings on the 18 layers of hell on the ship . Although they looked horrible, one could still look at it as some kind of unique art .



On the top deck of the ship were four bells, one for each angle . The little bells were transparent, they seemed to be made of crystal, looking very attractive .



Compared to the other ships, this ship was surely a step up, no wonder the women liked it . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then said, “Good, then we’ll have this ship . As for the flag, the Buda Clan’s WIld Dragon Flag should be good . As for its name, do you have any suggestions?”



Laura thought for a moment and said, “I don’t have any problems with the flag . As for the name, since it has carvings of hell, how about we name it Hell King’s ship? What do you think?”



Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy and the others, who gave him a nod . Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t decline this suggestion, so he nodded and said, “Alright, then this ship will be named Hell King’s ship . ” Then Zhao Hai pressed the screen and chose the ship’s image .



The processing machine let out a bright light as it absorbed the tiny pagoda and the ship . Zhao Hai could also see his hard earned money being taken away . At the same time, profound moon water, the river of earth fire, golden sands, a goldmetal tree, and a tree of life also vanished from the Space .



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh upon seeing this as he said, “It took so much, let’s just hope that the result is worth it . ’



When they heard Zhao Hai, the women couldn’t help but let out a tender smile .



Chapter 847 – Hell King’s Ship Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t just looking at the scenery . To be honest, the Divine Realm wasn’t that much better compared to the Ark Continent . The grass and landscape here was no different . This was what confused Zhao Hai . At this time, Zhao Hai wanted to know why the people of the village retreated . Did they expect Lu Wei to fail? Is that the reason? However, if that was the case, then the Divine Race’s rout was unjustified . If the Divine Race didn’t have any confidence in Lu Wei, then they wouldn’t have lost their will when he was eliminated . Now that they retreated, this meant that they trusted Lu Wei to succeed . But if they were confident in Lu Wei, then they wouldn’t have evacuated their people . It was a contradictory thing, Zhao Hai was unable to make sense of it . After all, he doesn’t understand how the Divine Race thinks . Fei’er and the others had returned to Zhao Hai’s side . At this point, they were already treating him as the alliance leader . After the group got into the ship and sat down, they saw Zhao Hai’s puzzled expression . Upon knowing why, Fei’er and the others were similarly confused . After some time, Shan opened his mouth and said, “Maybe the Divine Race wanted us to come to the Taurus Continent . They would block the spatial rift and then trap us in here . ” Zhao Hai frowned, then he said, “That is impossible . The Divine Race knows about our strength . And with your three races, it would be impossible for them to surround us . Luring us deep into the continent would be an unwise decision . ” Fei’er knit his brows as he added, “I agree with mister . It might seem like the Divine Race had a lot of troops to face us, but mister might not have noticed that there were a lot of recruits among them . For these people, their emotions greatly affected their performance . After Lu Wei was eliminated and mister appeared with his ship, they were immediately routed . If this was the true Divine Race army, this would not happen . ” Zhao Hai nodded, he knew the tenacity of a regular Divine Race army . They have fought in the Accra Mountains for days without anybody abandoning the army . The soldiers this time were very quick to go back . Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Therefore, I think that the Divine Race didn’t have regular troops available right now . Those Divines we faced today might have been composed of civilians . This would explain their lack of will . If this is the case, then it would be unlikely for the Divine Race to lure us into the continent . That would just be a death wish . ” Yue frowned, then he said, “What about the Divines doing this intentionally? They sent such an army so that we could be confident when entering the Taurus Continent . Then they would deal with us . ” Zhao Hai also frowned, then he turned his head to the others and said, “Thinking about it at this time is useless . How about we just follow our original plan . You can leave the spatial rift to me . Fei’er, you go and send elite troops to contact your people . Go and see their current situation . Also, give a deadline to the person you’ve sent . If they don’t return by that time, then it means that your people are in dire state . What we need to do now is confront the Divines in Holy Light City . Let’s not think about going too deep . ” Fei’er and the others nodded . Then the Demon Dragon King, who had not yet spoken, said, “Mister, have you thought about the simplest possibility? Maybe before Lu Wei appeared, the Divine Race already took their people back . That is to say, Lu Wei only came here to deal with you . If this was the case, then that would be a reasonable explanation for this . ” As soon as he heard the Demon Dragon King, Zhao Hai stared blankly . He smiled bitterly and said, “It seems you’re right . It’s possible that we’ve been thinking about it too much . But in any case, we still cannot underestimate the Divine Race . Let’s go according to our plan . We must capture Holy Light city and make it our base . ” Fei’er and the others were also thinking that this was their safest choice . So they gave Zhao Hai an approving nod . Zhao Hai looked at the group and then said, “If there’s nothing else, then I won’t be holding you back for long . Demon Dragon, help me rebuild the defensive line . Have the Devil Legion guard the place as well, we need to ensure the safety of our retreat . I will leave magic cannons and javelins to you . Right we should study the Divine Race ballistas . I want to know the reason why they shoot much further . ” When he heard Zhao Hai, Fei’er smiled faintly and said, “Mister, there’s no need to think about the ballistas . The reason they shoot farther is simply because they used more advanced materials . The inhabitants aren’t the only strong people in the Divine Realm . The the plants and beasts are stronger as well . Because of this, it’s natural for the ballistas made here to be better than the ones in the Ark Continent . ” Zhao Hai thought about it and nodded, “So it’s like that . Haha . I’ve been thinking too much into things lately . It seems like we should remake our javelins with materials from the Divine Realm . This way, it’ll be better for us to deal with the Divine Race . ” The group gave a chuckle . Zhao Hai looked at them and then said, “You don’t have to worry about supplies, I’ll take care of it . Right, have your messenger ask if your people need anything . I’ll try my best to provide some help . ” Fei’er and the others nodded . Although their faces were calm, all of them knew that their people were having a hard time . This was especially true when it came to weapons . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai had a lot of good weapons . Magic cannons, javelins, and even defensive magic formations . All of these things are very useful against the Divine Race . If Zhao Hai could provide them, then their people would be more relaxed in their battles . Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “Alright, you can go back to your armies . Also, arrange some alarms . We don’t want the Divine Race to sneak an attack . Although they are frightened, we cannot rule out the possibility of counter attack . ” After Fei’er and the others left, Zhao Hai went back to the Space with the Demon Dragon King . After they entered the Space, Zhao Hai looked at Demon Dragon King and said, “Demon Dragon, when you leave, go and take the sword carriage with you . I have this ship now, so the carriage is useless to me . You can use it to improve your combat power . ” The Demon Dragon King stared, then a smile couldn’t help but bloom on his face . The Sword Chariot was the Divine Race’s Domain Weapon . Zhao Hai had used it twice before, so the Demon Dragon King knew about its might . He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to give it to him . Although the Demon Dragon King’s Domain was a black dragon, black dragons still had their claws, he could still hold the Domain Weapon . Having the sword carriage would surely amplify his strength . Later on, he wouldn’t be afraid of facing the Divine Race’s most powerful people . The Demon Dragon King quickly bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, thank you very much!” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine, don’t be too polite . Right, I’ll have some people sent to rebuild the defensive line . Go prepare the Devil Legion and then send them there . Have them be familiar with the weapons as soon as possible . ” The Demon Dragon King nodded . Then Zhao Hai waved as he took the sword carriage out and gave it to the Demon Dragon King . Actually, domain weapons didn’t need animals to pull them . As long as its owner provides energy, then they can move by themselves . However, this was more troublesome compared to having it pulled by magic beasts . Because of this, most people would have their domain weapons pulled by magic beasts . Since he doesn’t need it anymore, Zhao Hai gave the domain weapon to Demon Dragon . It can be said that the Demon Dragon King was well prepared to receive it . He already had magic beasts pulling his black dragon carriage, so he didn’t need to pick his magic beasts . He can just command his dragons to pull the sword carriage instead . Then Zhao Hai sent the Demon Dragon King to the Demon Space before he returned to the villa . Laura and the others were currently inspecting the pagoda and the ship . At this time, the pagoda and ship were in their smaller form . The crystal pagoda looked very beautiful, like a piece of art . The ship was also quite beautiful, but its ghastly vibe was something hard to like . Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, “How is it? Aren’t they nice?” Laura nodded, then she said, “They’re nice . But I don’t like the ship . It’s gloomy, it makes me uncomfortable . ” Zhao Hai agreed, “That ship is quite a problem . I want it modified . How about we go to the processing machine . Let’s see if there’s a way to improve it . ” When Laura and the others heard this, they became excited . Then they pulled Zhao Hai to the processing machine . Upon arriving at the processing machine, Zhao Hai placed the pagoda and the ship on the ground before he pushed the start button . The processing machine gave out a white light, then a voice was heard, “Items rich in Yin energy detected . The two items are compatible and can be combined . Requirements for the upgrade is moon profound water, river of earth fire, golden sand, tree of life, goldmetal wood, and 1 million gold coins . Needs 48 hours to complete . Host may choose the final appearance . ” Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the processing could actually combine the two items . Moreover, it seems like he could choose its shape . This surprised Zhao Hai . He immediately turned to the page with the item’s final form . There were numerous ships shown . But the common thing among them was that they were all very attractive . Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but hurt upon seeing the multiple choices . After a while, he turned to Laura and the others and said, “Which one would you choose?” As if in agreement, Laura and the others pointed at a picture of a ship . The ship looked very beautiful . It had a light colored hull with a pointed corner at front . It still had 18 decks, and it had a cabin with 9 floors . A flag was set up in front of the ship but the image was left blank . It seems like Zhao Hai was free to choose what flag to place there . Between the topmost deck and the cabin was another floor with a door . Behind the door was a circular pool . The pool’s pattern was like the Taiji figure . Half of it was water, the half was fire . Outside the taiji pool was the eight trigrams chart . Moreover, there were innumerable golden threads going out of it, merging throughout the ship . It looks like the pool was the one powering the ship . Underneath the ship was water, which was just like waves of the sea . However, it surrounded the ship, clumped up and not flowing down . Behind the ship were circular holes with flames blowing out from time to time . Besides these things, there were also cannons on both sides of the ship . There were 64 cannons on each side, 128 cannons in total . There were also carvings on the 18 layers of hell on the ship . Although they looked horrible, one could still look at it as some kind of unique art . On the top deck of the ship were four bells, one for each angle . The little bells were transparent, they seemed to be made of crystal, looking very attractive . Compared to the other ships, this ship was surely a step up, no wonder the women liked it . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then said, “Good, then we’ll have this ship . As for the flag, the Buda Clan’s WIld Dragon Flag should be good . As for its name, do you have any suggestions?” Laura thought for a moment and said, “I don’t have any problems with the flag . As for the name, since it has carvings of hell, how about we name it Hell King’s ship? What do you think?” Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy and the others, who gave him a nod . Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t decline this suggestion, so he nodded and said, “Alright, then this ship will be named Hell King’s ship . ” Then Zhao Hai pressed the screen and chose the ship’s image . The processing machine let out a bright light as it absorbed the tiny pagoda and the ship . Zhao Hai could also see his hard earned money being taken away . At the same time, profound moon water, the river of earth fire, golden sands, a goldmetal tree, and a tree of life also vanished from the Space . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh upon seeing this as he said, “It took so much, let’s just hope that the result is worth it . ’ When they heard Zhao Hai, the women couldn’t help but let out a tender smile .





* * *Chapter 848 – Having a Meal with the Demons



Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space . Then after looking at the Divine Race for some time, Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Cai’er, arrange some undead to repair the defensive line . Also, have some people collect plants and animals from the Divine Realm . No matter what, we need to increase the plant reserves of the Space . ” Cai’er nodded and then went on to take care of it . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly feel his messenger fish move . He took a look at it and saw that it was connected to the Great Demon King .



Zhao Hai held his messenger fish and immediately said, “Your Majesty, do you need me for something?” Then the Great Demon King’s happy voice was heard, “Mister, all of the Demons had already move into the Space . Mister can now close the spatial rift . Also, I want to invite mister over for a feast . I know mister has a lot of things, but I want to ask you to taste the food of the Demon Realm . ” Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect the Demons to move this quickly . Actually, the reason why the Demons were slow was because of the magic beasts . Now that the beast tide has passed, the Demons had little to worry about . This caused their speed to quicken .



Zhao Hai immediately gave his response, “Alright, I will certainly go . Your Majesty can rest assured . ” Then he stored the messenger fish before looking at Laura and the others . He smiled faintly and said, “I wonder what the food of the Demon Realm tastes like . ” Laura smiled as well and said, “I haven’t eaten their food before . So what do we do? Do we go now?” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yeah . Right, we need to prepare some gifts . ” Zhao Hai’s gift wasn’t expensive, only some magic beasts and all sorts of wine .



Any race would like these things . Moreover, although they weren’t precious to Zhao Hai, they still held some value to the Demons .



The Space was currently rich with things . Although it lacked gold coins, it was only because they still haven’t emptied the warehouse . If they sold the things in the warehouse, then Zhao Hai would definitely earn a load of money . However, there was only a small advantage in selling those things in the Space . And even if Zhao Hai wasn’t rich, he still had ample money to spend on things .



Not being able to purchase the ten magic backgrounds and 20 ordinary backgrounds was no big deal for Zhao Hai . Most of these places would only be used to grow plants and animals, and there was no need to rush it right now .



The reason why Zhao Hai wanted to upgrade the Space in the past was because he wanted to train God-ranks . But now, the need for God-ranks wasn’t as great as before . At this time, there were several millions of God-ranks in the Space . Also, there were some undead in the hell background who had broken through . Zhao Hai was in no need for additional God-ranks at this point .



After preparing his gifts, Zhao Hai led Laura and the others to the Demon Space . Upon arriving, Zhao Hai can see the Devil’s Chariot and Sword Carriage up in the air . Both of them were waiting for Zhao Hai .



When the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King saw Zhao Hai and his wives,they immediately went forward and gave a salute, “Mister, welcome!” Zhao Hai hastile returned the salute, “Your Majesty, Demon Dragon, you’re too polite . Right, let me introduce you to my wives… . ” The Great Demon King didn’t expect to see a Demon among Zhao Hai’s wives . He stared at Berry and then said, “i didn’t think mister would have a Demon as his wife . Madame, are you a Demon from the Demon Realm?” The Demon Dragon King forced a smile as he gave a reply, “Your Majesty, madame is someone we sent to guard the Demonic Abyss . I believe madame is named Berry?” Berry gave the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King a salute . Then she smiled faintly and said, “I have seen Your Majesty and the Demon Dragon King . I am indeed named Berry . ”



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You should know about the custom of the Succubus Clan . I broke Berry’s spiritual attack, so she took me as her husband . Hehe . Right, you have to thank Berry . If not for her, I wouldn’t have been confident in taking the Demons to the Space . ”



When the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King heard this, they immediately gave Berry a salute . They were thankful to Berry . To the Demons, the Space was literally Heaven .



Berry was a clever woman, she understood that Zhao Hai only did this in order to elevate her face . Therefore, she didn’t say anything .



After exchanging their greetings, Zhao Hai said, “Alright, we shouldn’t be too formal here . Didn’t you invite me to a meal? Let’s go eat . ” When the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King heard this, they couldn’t help but chuckle . Then the Great Demon King said, “Alright, then let’s go down . ”



Zhao Hai smiled, then he said, “I’ve brought some gifts as well . Here . ” Then he took the magic beasts and liquor out .



Besides these, Zhao Hai also used this opportunity to give grain seeds and vegetable seeds . Also, he provided some methods of raising magic beasts . And lastly, there were methods of making liquor .



In the past, the Demons were living in the material-poor Demon Realm . Cultivating plants was mostly non existent in that plane . Moreover, most of the plants there were poisonous . Their seeds might be edible, but the plants themselves couldn’t be grown on one’s house, it was a potential hazard to those around it .



Naturally, the Great Demon King knew how important these things were to the Demons . He took a look at these things and then suddenly bowed to Zhao Hai, “I represent all the Demons in expressing our gratitude!” Zhao Hai quickly waved his hand and said, “It’s fine . These are things I ought to do . I got you into the Space . You have to treat your neighbors properly, right? There’s no need to be too polite” At this time, the Demon Dragon King suddenly said, “Mister, don’t you need some gold right now?” Zhao Hai stared, he looked puzzled at Demon Dragon as he asked, “Demon Dragon, what do you mean? Do you have a lot of gold?”



Demon Dragon forced a smile and said, “Mister, you might not know, but gold is completely useless in the Demon Realm . We have several gold ore deposits in the Demon Realm, and they are high-grade ores as well . We Demons only use gold to make our weapons look more terrifying . I seem to have heard that gold is very useful in the Ark Continent . If mister needs some gold, then Me and His Majesty can point some areas out for you . ”



Zhao Hai gawked, then he turned to look at the Great Demon King . The Great Demon King smiled bitterly and said, “Mister, I forgot out it . Demon Dragon King is telling the truth . The Demon Realm has a lot of various ores . If mister needs them, we can give you their locations . ”



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh as he said, “Alright, that would be great . To be honest, I really need gold right now . How about this, I’ll get you a map of the Demon Realm tomorrow . You can just mark those places there and I’ll get them myself . I want everything!” When the Great Demon King heard this, he wasn’t offended, instead he said, “Alright, mister can rest assured . We will certainly mark everything, we won’t miss a spot . ” Zhao Hai laughed once more before following the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King .



This place wasn’t the Great Demon King’s new palace, it was just a place where Demons had grouped up . There were no construction projects here, only Demons gathering around .



These Demons were the first soldiers to enter the Space . At this point, they had already settled their people . They only came here to greet Zhao Hai .



Zhao Hai looked at everyone . Then he smiled faintly and said, “Everyone is here . It seems like you really want me to have a good feast . But with so many people, I’m afraid I won’t be able to eat everything . ”



Contrary to what Zhao Hai imagined, the people didn’t laugh, everyone just stayed silent . Zhao Hai saw this and didn’t know what to do, he even felt a little embarrassed .



At this time, the Demons simultaneously knelt . Then the knocked their heads to the ground and loudly shouted, “Thank you, mister!” Then they knocked their heads once more and shouted, “Thank you, mister!”… .



After knocking their heads nine times, they stopped . Zhao Hai looked at the Demons and couldn’t help but get teary eyed . He was moved by their action . He calmed himself down as he looked at the Demons and said, “Alright, everyone, don’t be too polite . Now that you’ve entered the Space, we’re already part of one family . Don’t be too respectful to me . Just be yourself, I’m just here to taste some dishes that you made . ”



The Demons laughed and then prepared the food . At this time, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King and said, “Next time, don’t let them do that . It scares me a lot . ”



The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Everyone just wanted to express their gratitude . Moreover, I didn’t plan this thing, they did it themselves . I wouldn’t be able to stop them . ” Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and didn’t say anything else . After the group found a place to sit down, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, I need you to take your devil’s chariot and help me in the next two days . I want to attack the Divine Race’s Holy Light City . However, the ship I just acquired was being refined and needs two days before I can use it . I’ll need to depend on you until that time . ”



Chapter 848 – Having a Meal with the Demons Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space . Then after looking at the Divine Race for some time, Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Cai’er, arrange some undead to repair the defensive line . Also, have some people collect plants and animals from the Divine Realm . No matter what, we need to increase the plant reserves of the Space . ” Cai’er nodded and then went on to take care of it . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly feel his messenger fish move . He took a look at it and saw that it was connected to the Great Demon King . Zhao Hai held his messenger fish and immediately said, “Your Majesty, do you need me for something?” Then the Great Demon King’s happy voice was heard, “Mister, all of the Demons had already move into the Space . Mister can now close the spatial rift . Also, I want to invite mister over for a feast . I know mister has a lot of things, but I want to ask you to taste the food of the Demon Realm . ” Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect the Demons to move this quickly . Actually, the reason why the Demons were slow was because of the magic beasts . Now that the beast tide has passed, the Demons had little to worry about . This caused their speed to quicken . Zhao Hai immediately gave his response, “Alright, I will certainly go . Your Majesty can rest assured . ” Then he stored the messenger fish before looking at Laura and the others . He smiled faintly and said, “I wonder what the food of the Demon Realm tastes like . ” Laura smiled as well and said, “I haven’t eaten their food before . So what do we do? Do we go now?” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yeah . Right, we need to prepare some gifts . ” Zhao Hai’s gift wasn’t expensive, only some magic beasts and all sorts of wine . Any race would like these things . Moreover, although they weren’t precious to Zhao Hai, they still held some value to the Demons . The Space was currently rich with things . Although it lacked gold coins, it was only because they still haven’t emptied the warehouse . If they sold the things in the warehouse, then Zhao Hai would definitely earn a load of money . However, there was only a small advantage in selling those things in the Space . And even if Zhao Hai wasn’t rich, he still had ample money to spend on things . Not being able to purchase the ten magic backgrounds and 20 ordinary backgrounds was no big deal for Zhao Hai . Most of these places would only be used to grow plants and animals, and there was no need to rush it right now . The reason why Zhao Hai wanted to upgrade the Space in the past was because he wanted to train God-ranks . But now, the need for God-ranks wasn’t as great as before . At this time, there were several millions of God-ranks in the Space . Also, there were some undead in the hell background who had broken through . Zhao Hai was in no need for additional God-ranks at this point . After preparing his gifts, Zhao Hai led Laura and the others to the Demon Space . Upon arriving, Zhao Hai can see the Devil’s Chariot and Sword Carriage up in the air . Both of them were waiting for Zhao Hai . When the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King saw Zhao Hai and his wives,they immediately went forward and gave a salute, “Mister, welcome!” Zhao Hai hastile returned the salute, “Your Majesty, Demon Dragon, you’re too polite . Right, let me introduce you to my wives… . ” The Great Demon King didn’t expect to see a Demon among Zhao Hai’s wives . He stared at Berry and then said, “i didn’t think mister would have a Demon as his wife . Madame, are you a Demon from the Demon Realm?” The Demon Dragon King forced a smile as he gave a reply, “Your Majesty, madame is someone we sent to guard the Demonic Abyss . I believe madame is named Berry?” Berry gave the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King a salute . Then she smiled faintly and said, “I have seen Your Majesty and the Demon Dragon King . I am indeed named Berry . ” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You should know about the custom of the Succubus Clan . I broke Berry’s spiritual attack, so she took me as her husband . Hehe . Right, you have to thank Berry . If not for her, I wouldn’t have been confident in taking the Demons to the Space . ” When the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King heard this, they immediately gave Berry a salute . They were thankful to Berry . To the Demons, the Space was literally Heaven . Berry was a clever woman, she understood that Zhao Hai only did this in order to elevate her face . Therefore, she didn’t say anything . After exchanging their greetings, Zhao Hai said, “Alright, we shouldn’t be too formal here . Didn’t you invite me to a meal? Let’s go eat . ” When the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King heard this, they couldn’t help but chuckle . Then the Great Demon King said, “Alright, then let’s go down . ” Zhao Hai smiled, then he said, “I’ve brought some gifts as well . Here . ” Then he took the magic beasts and liquor out . Besides these, Zhao Hai also used this opportunity to give grain seeds and vegetable seeds . Also, he provided some methods of raising magic beasts . And lastly, there were methods of making liquor . In the past, the Demons were living in the material-poor Demon Realm . Cultivating plants was mostly non existent in that plane . Moreover, most of the plants there were poisonous . Their seeds might be edible, but the plants themselves couldn’t be grown on one’s house, it was a potential hazard to those around it . Naturally, the Great Demon King knew how important these things were to the Demons . He took a look at these things and then suddenly bowed to Zhao Hai, “I represent all the Demons in expressing our gratitude!” Zhao Hai quickly waved his hand and said, “It’s fine . These are things I ought to do . I got you into the Space . You have to treat your neighbors properly, right? There’s no need to be too polite” At this time, the Demon Dragon King suddenly said, “Mister, don’t you need some gold right now?” Zhao Hai stared, he looked puzzled at Demon Dragon as he asked, “Demon Dragon, what do you mean? Do you have a lot of gold?” Demon Dragon forced a smile and said, “Mister, you might not know, but gold is completely useless in the Demon Realm . We have several gold ore deposits in the Demon Realm, and they are high-grade ores as well . We Demons only use gold to make our weapons look more terrifying . I seem to have heard that gold is very useful in the Ark Continent . If mister needs some gold, then Me and His Majesty can point some areas out for you . ” Zhao Hai gawked, then he turned to look at the Great Demon King . The Great Demon King smiled bitterly and said, “Mister, I forgot out it . Demon Dragon King is telling the truth . The Demon Realm has a lot of various ores . If mister needs them, we can give you their locations . ” Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh as he said, “Alright, that would be great . To be honest, I really need gold right now . How about this, I’ll get you a map of the Demon Realm tomorrow . You can just mark those places there and I’ll get them myself . I want everything!” When the Great Demon King heard this, he wasn’t offended, instead he said, “Alright, mister can rest assured . We will certainly mark everything, we won’t miss a spot . ” Zhao Hai laughed once more before following the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King . This place wasn’t the Great Demon King’s new palace, it was just a place where Demons had grouped up . There were no construction projects here, only Demons gathering around . These Demons were the first soldiers to enter the Space . At this point, they had already settled their people . They only came here to greet Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai looked at everyone . Then he smiled faintly and said, “Everyone is here . It seems like you really want me to have a good feast . But with so many people, I’m afraid I won’t be able to eat everything . ” Contrary to what Zhao Hai imagined, the people didn’t laugh, everyone just stayed silent . Zhao Hai saw this and didn’t know what to do, he even felt a little embarrassed . At this time, the Demons simultaneously knelt . Then the knocked their heads to the ground and loudly shouted, “Thank you, mister!” Then they knocked their heads once more and shouted, “Thank you, mister!”… . After knocking their heads nine times, they stopped . Zhao Hai looked at the Demons and couldn’t help but get teary eyed . He was moved by their action . He calmed himself down as he looked at the Demons and said, “Alright, everyone, don’t be too polite . Now that you’ve entered the Space, we’re already part of one family . Don’t be too respectful to me . Just be yourself, I’m just here to taste some dishes that you made . ” The Demons laughed and then prepared the food . At this time, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King and said, “Next time, don’t let them do that . It scares me a lot . ” The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Everyone just wanted to express their gratitude . Moreover, I didn’t plan this thing, they did it themselves . I wouldn’t be able to stop them . ” Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and didn’t say anything else . After the group found a place to sit down, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, I need you to take your devil’s chariot and help me in the next two days . I want to attack the Divine Race’s Holy Light City . However, the ship I just acquired was being refined and needs two days before I can use it . I’ll need to depend on you until that time . ”





* * *













  849: 849

Chapter 849 – A Use of the Underworld’s Dark Mist



The Great Demon King gawked, then he nodded and said, “Mister, you don’t need to worry . I will be waiting for your word . ”



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then that’s great . We need to take Holy Light City, that will be our first foothold in the Divine Realm . ”



The Demon Dragon King smiled, “We have two Domain Weapons, taking Holy Light City shouldn’t be a problem . Mister shouldn’t worry about it . ”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “I hope so . Before, when we waged war with the Divine Race, we didn’t really have so much understanding about the inner works of the Divine Race . Although we had killed a lot of them, they weren’t really high level members of their society . However, Fei’er told me that the city has a defensive formation and a lot of magic cannons guarding it . We need to deal with these things carefully . ”



The Demon Dragon King had followed Zhao Hai these days, naturally he knew about things, so he nodded . The Great Demon King was himself a clever man, he didn’t need further explanation as he said, “Mister, rest assured . When the time comes, I certainly won’t hold back . ” Zhao Hai nodded . At this time, the dishes that the Demons prepared was also delivered . One has to recognize that although the Demons didn’t have a lot, their food still had flavor that was different compared to the Ark Continent .



After having eaten their meal, Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space’s villa . Then Zhao Hai inspected the processing machine . The timer was still going on, everything was normal . Then after that, Zhao Hai looked at the situation of the spatial rift’s defense, everything was also good . Then Zhao Hai changed the monitor to show the Atlanta Plane, he wanted to see what was going on there .



The Atlanta continent was still on the process of preparation . Zhao Hai saw plenty of things that they took care of . Besides military cargo, there were also items that Zhao Hai couldn’t recognize . Some looked like magic armor parts and some seem to be the power source needed by the magic armors .



Zhao Hai discovered that the energy used by the magic armors was called energy crystal by the Atlanta continent’s people . However, Zhao Hai has not yet figured out what this energy crystal was . But it should be more or less like Zhao Hai’s crystal stones .



Zhao Hai’s surveillance centered on Axe . But after this fellow went back to the family and attended the conference, he didn’t do anything else . This caused Zhao Hai to be unable to see much further into magic armors .



After seeing the state of the Atlanta Plane, Zhao Hai reckoned they would need a few months before they can invade . This enables Zhao Hai to have some time to breathe .



While Zhao Hai was looking at the monitor, Cai’er flew towards Zhao Hai . She was carrying a map on her hands and stretched it out, “Young Master, look . This is the Demon Realm’s map . ”



Zhao Hai looked at the map and said, “We mapped it this quickly? Good good . I’ll give this to the Great Demon King . Then we’ll take our iron armor beasts to open up mines in the Demon Realm . ”



After Zhao Hai gave the map to the Great Demon King, the Great Demon King immediately marked the ore deposits of the Demon Realm . Zhao Hai took the map back to the villa and immediately made Cai’er send the iron armor beasts to mine the ores .



One has to recognize how suitable the iron armor beasts were to mining . Their digging speed was very fast . Not even stone can stop their advance .



Moreover, these iron armor beasts weren’t low level anymore . This caused them to have more wisdom . At this point, they didn’t need a Dwarf guiding them in order to dig for ores .



The number of iron beasts in the space was quite a lot . In addition to being sent to the Demon Realm, ZHao Hai also sent a lot of them to mine in the Ark Continent . There were still some untapped mines back there . Zhao Hai used to mine with his undead, however, their mining speed was not ideal . Zhao Hai only remembered about the iron beasts quite recently . With how fast the beasts were in mining, Zhao Hai had to recognize that they were indeed born to excavate .



After handling these matters, Zhao Hai discovered that the skies had turned bright . After a few more hours, it would be the opportune time to attack Holy Light City . Since there were still some mystery about the Divine Race being routed, Zhao Hai and the others need to attack Holy Light City . This would allow them to see whether the Divine Race were planning to lure them or they were just having trouble with defending .



Since there was still time left, Zhao Hai took the chance to look into the state of the Beastman Prairie . The situation wasn’t looking great . At this point, the underworld had covered 80 percent of the prairie .



The speed of the dark mist was very fast . Suddenly, Zhao Hai had a thought . Didn’t the hell background had a dark mist similar to the underworld? If this was the case, then can he use the underworld’s dark mist to upgrade the hell background?



After thinking about it, Zhao Hai couldn’t sit still . He immediately opened a rift and drew some dark mist into the Space .



After the underworld’s dark mist entered, a prompt was suddenly heard, “Darkness attribute poison mist detected . Has aggressive properties . Has benefits towards darkness lifeforms and robots . Can improve hell background . ”



Zhao Hai laughed, he didn’t expect his idea to actually work . This was great news .



However, Zhao Hai also knew that getting any more dark mist was useless . It’s effects can only be gained on the first absorption .



But this was still good . If the dark mist was useful for the hell background, then wouldn’t other things in the underworld be useful as well? If that was the case, then going to the underworld would have to be placed on the list .



After taking care of the dark mist, Zhao Hai discovered that the time was almost up . Zhao Hai switched the monitor off and then went to the Demon Space . The Demons were currently very busy . After all, they had just entered the Space, they still had plenty of things to take care of .



However, after the Great Demon King heard the situation from the Demon Dragon King, he didn’t rest that evening and just took care of the matters of the Demon Race . At the very least, he had assigned people to various tasks .



Fortunately, taking care of things came quite easy because of the Space’s environment . The Demons didn’t need to worry about food and drink, this allowed them to focus on constructing their own homes .



When Zhao Hai arrived in the Demon Space, the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King had almost finished their matters . Then Zhao Hai asked the Great Demon King to arrange the Devil Legion to the spatial rift where the defensive line was being rebuilt by the undead .



Currently the Devil Legion wasn’t very strong, so Zhao Hai couldn’t bear to let them enter the battlefield . Zhao Hai believed that the potential of this army was immeasurable .



Zhao Hai can cultivate powerful people in the Space . However, trained people who hadn’t killed before will have limited performance during a fight . On the other hand, the Devil Legion were people brought up by mountains of corpses and seas of blood . Although their strength was low and couldn’t express great fighting prowess, their potential was very high . Once they have the power, no person in the Space would be able to face them .



For Zhao Hai, the Devil Legion was a treasure, so having them fight at this time would be a waste . Because of this, he didn’t have the Devil Legion participate in the upcoming fight . After the Devil Legion grows stronger, only then can they display their might .



People could experience rapid promotion, but their mental states couldn’t be trained quickly . After they go to the battlefield, they may panic or even go crazy . The Devil Legion didn’t have this problem . They had already fought many battles and had withstood the pressure of killing . What they lack right now was strength . But with Zhao Hai as their backer, it would be only need a short time before this issue is solved .



After taking care of the Devil Legion, Zhao Hai led the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King into the Divine Realm . At the same time, Fei’er and the other had just eaten their meals .



After seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Fei’er and the others immediately went to greet them . But upon seeing the Devil’s Chariot, their faces couldn’t help but change . They could feel that the chariot was yet another Domain Weapon .



At this point, Zhao Hai already had his blood ghost staff . This was the weapon he was most comfortable with . He had handed it over to the Great Demon King before, now he had taken it back .



After Zhao Hai saw Fei’er and the others arrived, he smiled faintly and let go of the staff . The staff flew out front and then formed into a huge platform . In this platform, there were furnitures and other things such as teacups and pots . Whether it be furniture or utensils, all of them had a red translucent appearance, they looked quite attractive .



This startled Fei’er and the others once more . Fei’er had been with the Divine race for some time . But he hadn’t seen nor heard of an artifact capable of doing this .



Zhao Hai beckoned his hand and then said, “Come toward the platform . Let’s sit and have a talk . ” Then he led the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King to sit . At the same time, Fei’er and the others looked at the platform and also stepped on it .



When the group had sat down, Zhao Hai took out some tea leaves and began to soak it with water in the teapot . After having settled, Zhao Hai gestured to the Great Demon King and said, “This is the Lord of the Demon Realm, the Great Demon King . I asked His Majesty today to help us break through Holy Light City . With two Domain Weapons, we should be able to take the city with ease . ”



Fei’er frowned and said, “Mister, the ship you used yesterday was quite strong . If you take that ship out, then wouldn’t we be able to take the city in a blink of an eye?”



Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and replied, “I also wanted to use it . However, I can’t right now . I discovered a weak point on the ship when I used it yesterday, so I decided to refine it once more . I won’t be able to use it while it’s being upgraded . If we want to use that ship, then we would need to wait for a couple of days . ”



Chapter 849 – A Use of the Underworld’s Dark Mist The Great Demon King gawked, then he nodded and said, “Mister, you don’t need to worry . I will be waiting for your word . ” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then that’s great . We need to take Holy Light City, that will be our first foothold in the Divine Realm . ” The Demon Dragon King smiled, “We have two Domain Weapons, taking Holy Light City shouldn’t be a problem . Mister shouldn’t worry about it . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “I hope so . Before, when we waged war with the Divine Race, we didn’t really have so much understanding about the inner works of the Divine Race . Although we had killed a lot of them, they weren’t really high level members of their society . However, Fei’er told me that the city has a defensive formation and a lot of magic cannons guarding it . We need to deal with these things carefully . ” The Demon Dragon King had followed Zhao Hai these days, naturally he knew about things, so he nodded . The Great Demon King was himself a clever man, he didn’t need further explanation as he said, “Mister, rest assured . When the time comes, I certainly won’t hold back . ” Zhao Hai nodded . At this time, the dishes that the Demons prepared was also delivered . One has to recognize that although the Demons didn’t have a lot, their food still had flavor that was different compared to the Ark Continent . After having eaten their meal, Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space’s villa . Then Zhao Hai inspected the processing machine . The timer was still going on, everything was normal . Then after that, Zhao Hai looked at the situation of the spatial rift’s defense, everything was also good . Then Zhao Hai changed the monitor to show the Atlanta Plane, he wanted to see what was going on there . The Atlanta continent was still on the process of preparation . Zhao Hai saw plenty of things that they took care of . Besides military cargo, there were also items that Zhao Hai couldn’t recognize . Some looked like magic armor parts and some seem to be the power source needed by the magic armors . Zhao Hai discovered that the energy used by the magic armors was called energy crystal by the Atlanta continent’s people . However, Zhao Hai has not yet figured out what this energy crystal was . But it should be more or less like Zhao Hai’s crystal stones . Zhao Hai’s surveillance centered on Axe . But after this fellow went back to the family and attended the conference, he didn’t do anything else . This caused Zhao Hai to be unable to see much further into magic armors . After seeing the state of the Atlanta Plane, Zhao Hai reckoned they would need a few months before they can invade . This enables Zhao Hai to have some time to breathe . While Zhao Hai was looking at the monitor, Cai’er flew towards Zhao Hai . She was carrying a map on her hands and stretched it out, “Young Master, look . This is the Demon Realm’s map . ” Zhao Hai looked at the map and said, “We mapped it this quickly? Good good . I’ll give this to the Great Demon King . Then we’ll take our iron armor beasts to open up mines in the Demon Realm . ” After Zhao Hai gave the map to the Great Demon King, the Great Demon King immediately marked the ore deposits of the Demon Realm . Zhao Hai took the map back to the villa and immediately made Cai’er send the iron armor beasts to mine the ores . One has to recognize how suitable the iron armor beasts were to mining . Their digging speed was very fast . Not even stone can stop their advance . Moreover, these iron armor beasts weren’t low level anymore . This caused them to have more wisdom . At this point, they didn’t need a Dwarf guiding them in order to dig for ores . The number of iron beasts in the space was quite a lot . In addition to being sent to the Demon Realm, ZHao Hai also sent a lot of them to mine in the Ark Continent . There were still some untapped mines back there . Zhao Hai used to mine with his undead, however, their mining speed was not ideal . Zhao Hai only remembered about the iron beasts quite recently . With how fast the beasts were in mining, Zhao Hai had to recognize that they were indeed born to excavate . After handling these matters, Zhao Hai discovered that the skies had turned bright . After a few more hours, it would be the opportune time to attack Holy Light City . Since there were still some mystery about the Divine Race being routed, Zhao Hai and the others need to attack Holy Light City . This would allow them to see whether the Divine Race were planning to lure them or they were just having trouble with defending . Since there was still time left, Zhao Hai took the chance to look into the state of the Beastman Prairie . The situation wasn’t looking great . At this point, the underworld had covered 80 percent of the prairie . The speed of the dark mist was very fast . Suddenly, Zhao Hai had a thought . Didn’t the hell background had a dark mist similar to the underworld? If this was the case, then can he use the underworld’s dark mist to upgrade the hell background? After thinking about it, Zhao Hai couldn’t sit still . He immediately opened a rift and drew some dark mist into the Space . After the underworld’s dark mist entered, a prompt was suddenly heard, “Darkness attribute poison mist detected . Has aggressive properties . Has benefits towards darkness lifeforms and robots . Can improve hell background . ” Zhao Hai laughed, he didn’t expect his idea to actually work . This was great news . However, Zhao Hai also knew that getting any more dark mist was useless . It’s effects can only be gained on the first absorption . But this was still good . If the dark mist was useful for the hell background, then wouldn’t other things in the underworld be useful as well? If that was the case, then going to the underworld would have to be placed on the list . After taking care of the dark mist, Zhao Hai discovered that the time was almost up . Zhao Hai switched the monitor off and then went to the Demon Space . The Demons were currently very busy . After all, they had just entered the Space, they still had plenty of things to take care of . However, after the Great Demon King heard the situation from the Demon Dragon King, he didn’t rest that evening and just took care of the matters of the Demon Race . At the very least, he had assigned people to various tasks . Fortunately, taking care of things came quite easy because of the Space’s environment . The Demons didn’t need to worry about food and drink, this allowed them to focus on constructing their own homes . When Zhao Hai arrived in the Demon Space, the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King had almost finished their matters . Then Zhao Hai asked the Great Demon King to arrange the Devil Legion to the spatial rift where the defensive line was being rebuilt by the undead . Currently the Devil Legion wasn’t very strong, so Zhao Hai couldn’t bear to let them enter the battlefield . Zhao Hai believed that the potential of this army was immeasurable . Zhao Hai can cultivate powerful people in the Space . However, trained people who hadn’t killed before will have limited performance during a fight . On the other hand, the Devil Legion were people brought up by mountains of corpses and seas of blood . Although their strength was low and couldn’t express great fighting prowess, their potential was very high . Once they have the power, no person in the Space would be able to face them . For Zhao Hai, the Devil Legion was a treasure, so having them fight at this time would be a waste . Because of this, he didn’t have the Devil Legion participate in the upcoming fight . After the Devil Legion grows stronger, only then can they display their might . People could experience rapid promotion, but their mental states couldn’t be trained quickly . After they go to the battlefield, they may panic or even go crazy . The Devil Legion didn’t have this problem . They had already fought many battles and had withstood the pressure of killing . What they lack right now was strength . But with Zhao Hai as their backer, it would be only need a short time before this issue is solved . After taking care of the Devil Legion, Zhao Hai led the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King into the Divine Realm . At the same time, Fei’er and the other had just eaten their meals . After seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Fei’er and the others immediately went to greet them . But upon seeing the Devil’s Chariot, their faces couldn’t help but change . They could feel that the chariot was yet another Domain Weapon . At this point, Zhao Hai already had his blood ghost staff . This was the weapon he was most comfortable with . He had handed it over to the Great Demon King before, now he had taken it back . After Zhao Hai saw Fei’er and the others arrived, he smiled faintly and let go of the staff . The staff flew out front and then formed into a huge platform . In this platform, there were furnitures and other things such as teacups and pots . Whether it be furniture or utensils, all of them had a red translucent appearance, they looked quite attractive . This startled Fei’er and the others once more . Fei’er had been with the Divine race for some time . But he hadn’t seen nor heard of an artifact capable of doing this . Zhao Hai beckoned his hand and then said, “Come toward the platform . Let’s sit and have a talk . ” Then he led the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King to sit . At the same time, Fei’er and the others looked at the platform and also stepped on it . When the group had sat down, Zhao Hai took out some tea leaves and began to soak it with water in the teapot . After having settled, Zhao Hai gestured to the Great Demon King and said, “This is the Lord of the Demon Realm, the Great Demon King . I asked His Majesty today to help us break through Holy Light City . With two Domain Weapons, we should be able to take the city with ease . ” Fei’er frowned and said, “Mister, the ship you used yesterday was quite strong . If you take that ship out, then wouldn’t we be able to take the city in a blink of an eye?” Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and replied, “I also wanted to use it . However, I can’t right now . I discovered a weak point on the ship when I used it yesterday, so I decided to refine it once more . I won’t be able to use it while it’s being upgraded . If we want to use that ship, then we would need to wait for a couple of days . ”





* * *






