* * *
Chapter 1

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World – 001 – Transmigration

“Young master, young master, you should get out of bed for breakfast.”

An aged but very solemn voice echoed by Zhao Hai’s ear, but Zhao Hai didn’t care, only feeling a frightening headache. He believed he hadn’t turned off the computer, and was hearing the lines from some drama.

But that voice continued: “Young master, you should get out of bed. As a noble, rising early is a good habit.”

Zhao Hai stared blankly. Because this voice didn’t seem to come from the computer, this voice seemed to be by his ear, and also extremely real. It absolutely wasn’t a voice produced by that broken loudspeaker of his.

Despite his badly aching head, Zhao Hai still forced open his eyes. What entered his eyes wasn’t the white ceiling of his home, but rather a muslin canopy.

Zhao Hai stared blankly. Turning his head, he discovered he lay on a large wooden bed, and next to the bed stood a man in his fifties, grizzled hair combed without a strand out of place, and a solemn face, just now calmly looking at him.

Zhao Hai looked stupidly at this solemn old man, then turned his eyes to look all around. This was a stone house, extremely simple. Besides the large bed he lay on, a desk and a chair were the only furniture. The floor and walls seemed to have just been swept, the windows held wooden frames, on which were pasted a layer of white paper, a sparkling stone above his head provided lighting. There was nothing else in the whole room.

At this time that old man said: “Young master, you’re already fine, please get up. A noble should lead a disciplined life. Now it’s breakfast time, young master please quickly get up.”

Zhao Hai’s eyes turned to look at that man, a thought suddenly flashing through his mind, transmigration! Next he felt a burst of sharp pain in his head, and passed out.

Green Buda looked at the unconscious Zhao Hai. Faintly distracted, he hurriedly stepped outside. Outside the house stood four people, two men and two women. The two men weren’t old, by appearances only teenagers, but they were still more than two meters tall, with muscles like cast iron, swarthy skin, and short hair. The two looked exactly identical, they were unexpectedly twins, but looked a bit foolish.

Of the two women, one was older, past forty, a very plump figure, a head of blue hair, kind brows and pleasant eyes, right now her expression was anxious.

The younger girl was only sixteen or seventeen, but with long cyan hair, a goose egg shaped small face, petite figure and fair skin, she had the makings of a rare beauty. Right now her head was lowered, her expression stupefied.

Seeing Green step out, the older woman at once said: “Green, how is it? Did the young master wake up?”

Green nodded, then shook his head:

“He woke up, but he passed out again as soon as he did. Merine, your magic wouldn’t be effectless? Or a problem with those medicines? Someone did something with the medicine?”

Merine’s expression turned cold: “If that’s really the case, then I’ll go piece it together with those guys. Even if the young master is a bit of a scoundrel, he’s still the last blood of the Buda family. Those imperial bastards, don’t tell me they’ve forgotten how much the old master did for the empire back in those days? Those ungrateful bastards.”

Green said solemnly: “You better go in and have a look, if it’s no good then treat the young master with water magic. No matter what, we have to preserve the last blood of the Buda family.”

Merine nodded, then looked sharply at Green: “If the young master is well, you’re not allowed to pull any noble demands on him. W





e’re already in this damnable place, noble etiquette and such can all go to hell. Looking at those noble faces makes me nauseous.”

Green looked helplessly at Merine, but still solemnly said: “Out of the question, no matter what is said, the young master is now a viscount, he has to look like a noble. I will teach the young master how to become a true noble, I definitely won’t turn my back on the Buda family’s great favor to us.”

Merine glared fiercely at Green: “If you dare do that to the young master, I won’t cook for you, you can just starve to death. We’re in a place like this now and don’t even know how long we can hold out. Adding those people in the capital, do you really think there would be a chance for the young master to return there? Keep dreaming.”

Green smiled bitterly and didn’t keep talking. He knew Merine was telling the truth. The reason they would be allocated this deserted barren land was because of the imperial king and those grand nobles. If the Buda clan’s previous military success hadn’t been so glorious before, perhaps they would already have directly exterminated the Buda clan.

Even if the Buda clan still existed now, it was impossible to re-enter the noble circles of the imperial capital again. So much so that people would even deliberately forget such a clan had ever existed.

But what made Green most discouraged was that, out of fear that the Buda clan would dig itself out again, the imperial king had actually had their young master, the last blood of the Buda clan, the last hope for the clan to climb back up, Adam Buda, drink the Water of Nothingness.

This Water of Nothingness was a supreme magic treasure, the value of each drop couldn’t be weighed in gold. But it had only one use, to turn your power to nothing.

Just one drop of magic power could make magicians with divine magic power, or warriors with divine battle power, or a divine level knight, instantly turn into an ordinary person, from then on completely unable to use any magic or battle qi, and without any cure.

Even though this potion could make people unable to use battle qi or magic, it still wouldn’t affect the body, only turning you into an ordinary person.

If this person was an ordinary person, then such a potion would be no different from ordinary water, but if it was a noble, or a power, it would instantly turn you into a magic and martial cripple, a useless person, sending you falling from the high clouds into a bottomless pit.

And Adam Buda had been ordered by the king to drink such a potion. It would be impossible for him to study any magic or battle qi in his whole life, he could only be an ordinary person.

If this had happened to any other noble family, there wouldn’t be anything about it, at worst they’d be a normal person, living, eating, waiting for death, without thinking to walk any paths of authority.

But having it happen to Adam meant his life. He was the last heir of the Buda family, he needed strength to revive the clan’s glory, to once again bring the Buda clan onto the stage of the Aksu Empire’s history. But now he had swallowed the Water of Nothingness, he could no longer learn any magic or battle qi. It was impossible for him to revive the clan, the last hope of the Buda clan, was extinguished.

If it was just a lack of strength, Green still wouldn’t worry. He was still an eighth level warrior, and his wife Merine was also an eighth level water mage, their granddaughter Meg was also a sixth level wind mage. With them here, the Buda family would still have enough strength. If they were still in their former fief, restoring the Buda family’s prosperity wasn’t difficulty. After all, originally the Buda family’s fief was in the south of the empire, with one main city and four mid sized towns, a large population, fertile soil, as long as they kept their heads down and worked for a few years, the Buda family would flourish.

But they had never expected that the king would actually change their fief, from the imperial south to the Black Waste in the north.

The Black Waste was the continent’s deadland. Even though it was vast, covering more than a third of the area of the Aksu Empire, this place was basically barren. Nothing grew here, even desert plants would shrivel up and die.

Legend had it that the Black Waste was also once a fertile land, until there was a war where a few divine level magicians came together to use a large scale forbidden spell, turning this land into a deadland, where nothing grew.

If it was just a deadland, Green still wouldn’t be worried. As long as they had some lines of communication, they could do some business and at least provide for themselves. But the Black Waste was surrounded by abandoned dwarven iron mountains, and crossing the mountains, and on the other side lay one of the continent’s great forbidden zones, the Carrion Marsh. This Carrion Marsh was also part of the Buda family’s fief. Doing the calculations, the Buda family’s fief was actually the largest in the Aksu Empire.

But the only way out was the neighbouring Fasseur clan’s territory. Even though the Fasseur family was engaged to the Buda family, with the Buda family in its present state, how could they talk of marriage with the empire’s most influential Fasseur clan? This place wasn’t a deadland in name only.

Fortunately this was previously also within the range of imperial control, therefore there was still a small castle in those abandoned dwarven iron mountains. This mountain also hadn’t been affected by the forbidden spell, and still had some tillable land, so they would at least not starve to death.

After Green had learned their fief had been exchanged for this place, he had at once traded the Buda clan’s assets for slaves and materials for survival, as well as seeds and some tools. Immediately after he had taken the unconconscious from drinking the Water of Nothingness Adam to travel here. It might be abandoned, but they could still live in the small castle.

Following Green was also his wife Merine, his granddaughter Meg, as well as the twin orphans Adam’s father had taken in long ago, Blockhead and Rockhead, plus one hundred slaves, and nobody else.

But Adam had been unconscious the whole way from the empire to the Black Waste. Fortunately Merine was a magician and could occasionally use magic to treat him, thereby letting Adam arrive safely. Moreover, yesterday she had looked over Adam’s condition, and thought he would wake up today, that’s why Green would tell him to get out of bed. But they never expected that the Adam lying in bed right now was no longer Adam, but a nerd from Earth wearing Adam’s skin, Zhao Hai.





* * *

Chapter 2

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World – 002 – Out Of Luck Identity

The instant Zhao Hai fainted, a memory that wasn’t his suddenly intruded in his mind, as if a program that didn’t belong to your computer was suddenly installed, the suddenness almost making Zhao Hai’s brain crash. Even if he didn’t crash, it at least made his brain freeze up, as he bit by bit digested the information in his mind.

He didn’t know how long it was before Zhao Hai woke up. He felt as if there was a batch of memories that absolutely didn’t belong to him in his brain.

In this collection of memories, his name was Adam Buda, born to the family of a general in the Aksu Empire on the Ark continent. With the position of Marquis in Aksu Empire for three generations, the family had finally waned in Adam’s lifetime. Adam was a hedonistic young master, and along with his mother dying early and his father away leading troops for years on end, he grew an extreme disregard for legal and natural morality, oppressing the people and not shirking from any crime. But his father always covered for him, wielding a massive military force, nobody could touch him.

But his father had made a mistake. In the Aksu Empire’s struggle for succession, he had stood on the wrong side.

Aksu Empire’s old king was the forty seventh monarch. He had altogether fifteen royal sons, five of whom could become king: the grand prince, the third prince, the fourth prince, the seventh prince, and the thirteenth prince.

Stipulated in the laws of Aksu Empire, only the children of king’s queen and consorts were entitled to become king. Of course, not every child of the queen and consorts could become king, only those children bestowed with title of grand duke or higher.

People born to the imperial family would hold the title of count, and if they didn’t establish some achievements in the imperial capital, they would only stay counts for the rest of their lives, and unlanded counts at that. Only by establishing achievements would they advance, at most up to Prince of the Blood.

Of course, children of the queen and consorts couldn’t only be counts. They would ordinarily be titled dukes, and as long as they then made some minor contributions or perhaps found a pretext, they could rise to grand duke, and finally to Prince of the Blood, making them eligible to become king.

And the five children of the forty seventh Aksu king able to inherit the title were all Princes of the Blood. Among them, the grand prince and fourth prince were born by the queen, while the third prince and seventh prince were children of imperial consort Karin, and the thirteenth prince was born by imperial consort Avril, and was also the weakest one, never thought highly of. People always thought that the grand prince was the queen’s child, making him the orthodox choice, and the third prince had always been with the grand prince through thick and thin, so a lot of people supported the grand prince’s succession. And the fourth prince and seventh prince were partners, the seventh prince had the fourth prince’s support, and also the support of the Karin family, whose voices were very loud in the court. Only the thirteenth prince was the youngest, the weakest, always the least conspicuous, that’s why nobody was optimistic about him.

And Adam’s father was in the grand prince’s camp. This was also quite normal, the grand prince’s voice was the loudest at the time, and the Buda family wasn’t any influential noble clan, they had only step by step advanced to the position of marquis through military accomplishments in the generation of grandfather Buda. They wanted to rise into the ranks of the old nobility a bit quicker, therefore he chose to support the candidate most likely to become king, the grand prince. As lo





ng as the grand prince became king, the Buda family might rise into the core of the Aksu Empire’s power, becoming truly recognized nobles in the empire.

On the continent, any king’s nobles were split into two kinds, one the old nobility, the other the new nobility. The gap between new and old nobility was very clear, new nobles would usually be thought of as upstarts, never regarded well by the old nobility, and also never able to enter the power center of the empire.

The continent had passed many years of development, and the influence of the nobles in a kingdom was immense. There were some times when they could even influence the rise and fall of a state, especially those old school nobles that had developed for a thousand years over dozens of generations held power that even the imperial authority had to fear. Those old school nobles could be called the center of power for the entire empire, and any new nobility had to gain their approval.

In order to obtain the approval of those old nobles, they naturally had to have the appropriate strength, and the Buda family rose too quickly. This was the means several generations of Aksu clan kings had figured out to govern those old nobles, but after the death of the forty sixth king, the Buda clan’s days weren’t easy. The new king wanted to promote them, but those old nobles wanted to suppress them. Therefore they could only staunchly support the new king, so that the clan could continue developing.

But Adam’s father stood on the wrong side. The loudest grand prince he supported finally didn’t become king, on the contrary it was the least conspicuous, the seemingly weakest, thirteenth prince who took the throne. The grand prince was ordered to commit suicide, but the grand prince’s followers didn’t get away lightly. Adam’s father was imprisoned on a pretext and died mysteriously in prison, and Adam’s previous misdeeds were brought out. But because the empire feared Green and the other eight level powers would cause trouble, plus the newly succeeded monarch, they still showed a bit of magnanimity and dealt leniently with Adam. The marquis fief Adam was originally to inherit was taken away, demoting him to viscount, they took away the original very fertile fief, exchanging it for the Black Waste, and Adam was forced to drink the Water of Nothingness, completely crippling him.

If ordinary nobles had fiefs, they would leave it to their housekeepers or comparatively trusted people to manage. Even though the fief was their foundation, they stayed in the capital to pay attention to anything that happened in the empire, what was beneficial for the clan, and what was not.

But Adam and the others weren’t. After the king changed their fief, they were ordered to leave the imperial capital within three days, and were moreover forbidden from leaving the fief for three years, something that had never happened to any clan before.

And the reason why the incumbent Aksu king, the former thirteenth prince Aboyo Aksu, would treat the Buda family so was, first, because the Buda family was in the grand prince’s camp, and second, because of the pressure from those old nobles. He had just ascended to the throne and would naturally forcefully suppress the grand prince and seventh prince, but he didn’t dare touch those grand nobles, and those old nobles also thought the Buda family was an eyesore and naturally pressured Aboyo from the side, that’s why he would make such a decision.

The reason he had Adam drink the Water of Nothingness was because of the Buda clan’s inherited battle qi training methods, Wild Dragon battle qi, which was extremely famous on the continent. It was accidentally obtained by Adam’s grandfather, making his training speed triple that of ordinary battle qi systems, it also had extremely fierce attack power, and was always a battle qi training method that all the great clans in the empire drooled over. If Adam was allowed to study battle qi, if he really learned Wild Dragon battle qi, and also remembered his hatred, he could be a threat to those grand nobles and the imperial clan, so Aboyo had Adam drink the Water of Nothingness.

As for why Aboyo didn’t have Adam killed, besides those previous reason, there was still one more: Green gave him this set of battle qi training methods, and also swore a cruel vow that the Buda family would hereafter no longer practice Wild Dragon battle qi, therefore Aboyo let Adam off alive.

Of course, Green didn’t openly hand this method to Aboyo. He snuck into the imperial palace at night and found Aboyo to give him the method, partly to plead for leniency for Adam, and partly to let Aboyo see his strength, and have him dispel any thoughts of killing Adam.

Aboyo really did fear an expert like Green causing trouble, therefore he agreed to the request, only demoting his order of nobility and taking away the fief, leaving Adam with his life.

Green also agreed. He understood extremely clearly that, even though he wasn’t weak, the imperial family was very powerful. The reason he could secretly sneak into the imperial palace was partly because he was intimately familiar with the circumstances there, and partly because the new emperor had just ascended the throne, and the imperial palace had undergone a major rearrangement and was still a bit weak. This plus is rather special methods, allowed him to go undiscovered.

The reason why Green didn’t go save Adam’s father earlier was because he believed Aboyo wouldn’t kill him. No matter what, Adam’s father was still a pawn the imperial family used to deal with those old nobles, and the imperial family wouldn’t easily discard him.

But they hadn’t expected that the reason Aboyo could take the throne was just due to the backing of those old nobles, and therefore he would naturally curry favor with those old nobles by killing Adam’s father after taking the throne. Once Green learned about it, Adam’s father was already dead, and Green could only think of a way to protect Adam, the last blood of the Buda family.

And the reason he would hand over the Wild Dragon battle qi training method was also because of the Water of Nothingness. The reason the Water of Nothingness became a supreme magic treasure on the continent wasn’t only because it could make people unable to practice magic or battle qi, even more overbearing was that such circumstances would continue with their offspring.

In other words, as long as you drank the Water of Nothingness, your children and grandchildren would also be unable to practice magic and battle qi, only after ten generations would it end.

But that was a full ten generations, ten generations unable to practice magic or battle qi, what would they become by that time? Whether this family could still exist then, whether they could last to the tenth generation, these were all unknown quantities. This was why the Water of Nothingness was so dreadful, and also why Green would hand over the Wild Dragon battle qi.

Adam and ten generations of Adam’s descendants would all be unable to learn Wild Dragon battle qi, so what was the use of hanging on to it? It would be better to trade it for Adam’s life, and so Green didn’t hesitate in handing it over.

And facts proved that his actions were completely correct. If he hadn’t handed over the Wild Dragon battle qi, it might have been impossible for Adam to leave the capital.

But he also didn’t know if someone sabotaged the Water of Nothingness, or if Adam had a physical reaction to the potion, in any case, Adam had fallen unconscious after drinking the Water of Nothingness, and had remained that way until they reached the fief. When he did wake up, he had changed from the hedonistic son Adam, into the Earthly nerd Zhao Hai.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 3




Chapter 3

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World – 003 – Waking Up

Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes. He now knew what had happened, Adam’s memories had completely merged with his own, also letting Zhao Hao fully understand that he had really transmigrated, and also the most common transmigration of the soul to seize a body.

He would be disqualified as a nerd if he didn’t know about transmigration, Zhou Hai just hadn’t thought that he would actually transmigrate himself, and moreover into the body of such a poor devil.

Zhao Hai had already learned what was going on from Adam’s memories, he just didn’t know what kind of place he had reached while Adam was unconscious and travelling from the capital. He was no longer in that house in the Aksu imperial capital, from his look around last time he woke up, he knew it wasn’t the home Adam was familiar with.

Zhao Hai opened his eyes, sensing someone next to him. He turned his head to look, discovering the old man he had seen the first time he woke up standing there. Even though the old man’s expression was solemn, his eyes were filled with concern.

Different from the first time he woke up, this time Zhao Hai recognized the old men. He was the Buda family’s old butler, Green Buda. Green originally wasn’t named Buda, but he had been given the name by Zhao Hai’s grandfather, and had always loyally followed the Buda family, and was the most trusted person in the household.

But previously Adam’s relationship with Green wasn’t particularly good, Adam was a hedonistic son, while Green was a serious person, always looking after him and telling him this was forbidden, or he couldn’t do that, and so Adam rather loathed Green. But because Green was too senior, let alone him, even his father wouldn’t dare be rude to Green, and so he could only endure.

After being reborn, Zhao Hai naturally wouldn’t be as retarded as Adam was before. Having read countless transmigration novels, and with the mind of an adult, having always led an extremely bumpy life, Zhao Hao would naturally be more sensible than the spoiled Adam. Of course he also knew Green’s importance to him. With such an old butler, he could be completely at ease in leaving everything to him.

Moreover, he could figure out from Adam’s memories that this old butler might be even stronger than his father. In this world, strength represented hope for survival.

A long time of living as a nerd, a long time of imagination, as well as Adam’s memories, made Zhao Hai quite accepting of transmigration. He was equally somewhat expectant, this was really just a change in scenery. Only two things made him unhappy, one was that there were no computers here, so he couldn’t go online. Keeping a nerd from the web was even more painful than death. The second was that he had tasted the Water of Nothingness, and wouldn’t be able to train battle qi or magic in the future, shattering Zhao Hai’s dreams of ruling the world.

Zhao Hai didn’t discover that he had actually already assimilated Adam’s memories. The reason he wasn’t flustered was because he had always been familiar with living in the Ark continent. Looking at the two things he was unhappy about, one of the two was related to Zhao Hai from Earth, and the other was related to life in the Ark continent.

But Zhao Hai also clearly understood that, even if those things were unpleasant, he was here now and had nothing better to say, since he had come, he’d be comfortable, hereafter he was Adam Buda.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help heaving a long sigh, as if something in his heart had come loose. It was really no wonder he could accept Adam’s identity so easily, because he had no family in his last life, because he stayed at home





too much he didn’t have any friends either, one might say he had no concerns for Earth. Being here now was just a change of scenery, nothing extraordinary, and there were also people who cared for him by his side, there wasn’t anything bad.

At this time Green had also noticed that Zhao Hai was already awake, and quickly came to the bedside, saying: “Young master, how do you feel? Do you still feel ill? Does your head still hurt?”

Zhao Hai hadn’t heard such words of concern for a long time. Hearing them now, he couldn’t help feeling a burst of warmth. It didn’t feel like his body had any major problems, and promptly sat up, shaking his head to Green: “I’m alright. Grandpa Green, where is this place?”

Green clearly stared blankly a moment. The previous Adam absolutely wouldn’t be this courteous, and he was very unaccustomed to suddenly hearing him speak like that, but he still at once answered: “Young master, we’ve already reached the fief.”

Zhao Hai looked distracted, then at once understood, nodding: “It’s the Black Waste?”

Green felt very surprised at Zhao Hai’s calm, but he still nodded: “Yes, this is the Black Waste.”

Zhao Hai nodded: “Where are we right now? What are the circumstances here? How many people altogether? How much land?”

In Adam’s memories were only some minor legends about the Black Waste, it was close to the Carrion Marsh, there was no land to cultivate here, and so on. There was no other knowledge, that’s why Zhao Hai would ask. No matter what was said, he was no Adam, and hereafter he would live in this Black Waste, so he also wanted an understanding of the circumstances here.

Green stared blankly at Adam. If not for Adam always having been under his care, he would definitely have thought that Adam had been replaced with a stranger.

“Don’t tell me it’s that setbacks make people grow?” Even if Green was puzzled, he still wouldn’t suspect Adam’s identity, he could only view Adam’s present appearance as the result of maturing.

But Zhao Hai’s behaviour made Green extremely happy, and he quickly said: “Young master, we are in the fief’s Castellan Mansion, located on the iron mountain of the Black Waste. This iron mountain was abandoned by the dwarves, and has some land that can be tilled. Young master please punish me, I took charge without permission and sold all the things in the house to buy large amounts of goods and a hundred slaves. Currently we only have a little more than a hundred gold coins of cash on hand. The people here are only me, my wife, my granddaughter, and Blockhead and Rockhead, and only those hundred slaves as subordinates, everyone else already left.”

Zhao Hai nodded, his mind analyzing the current situation. They were now in a deadland, but they had a castellan house to live in, a mountain that could produce, a hundred slaves, as well as five people he could be at ease with, and also the people closest to him.

Zhao Hai nodded: “Grandpa Green’s actions were correct, gold is useless in a place like this, only supplies can support us for a while. Good, I have no opinions at this point. Grandpa Green, you keep sorting things out, take a look at how much arable soil there is on this iron mountain, we’ll sow something suitable, after all, we still need to eat.”

Green nodded:

“Very good. Young master rest first, I’ll have Meg come serve you in a while.”

At Green’s mention of Meg, a delicate looking, cyan haired, petite lass appeared in Zhao Hai’s mind, that was Green’s granddaughter.

But soon after Zhao Hai smiled wryly, because Adam had previously wanted to molest Meg, but Meg was a sixth level mage, and while her exterior was delicate, her heart was unyielding. Even if she didn’t dare do anything to him, as long as Adam even thought about it, she’d kill herself, leaving Adam not daring to truly do anything to her.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help secretly cursing. The trouble Adam had previously stirred up was left to him to deal with. Under such circumstances, Zhao Hai could only feel embarrassed, and at once said: “No need, grandpa Green, I want to rest a while, don’t let them disturb me, call for me when it’s time for supper.”

Green bowed: “Yes, by your leave.” Finished speaking, he retreated from Zhao Hai’s room.

Zhao Hai sighed inwardly, then slowly stepped off the bed. Even though he remembered lying in bed for a long time, he didn’t feel like it, on the contrary he felt like he had strength left over. He couldn’t help stretching, then walked over to the window, slowly pushing it open and looking outside.

What entered his field of view was a small castle type structure, and he was located on the top floor, able to clearly see everything around. This was a western style little castle, right ahead was a small square encircled by walls, and outside the castle was a black land without human footprints. That black land was black as if soaked in oil, giving people a lifeless feeling.

In the castle square was a large pile of things. Looking carefully, it seemed to be things for everyday life, and a large group of people were hurrying about.

These people were male and female, dressed uniformly in rough cotton clothes. The difference was that the men had a mark on their foreheads. It was too far away to see clearly, but Zhao Hai knew that it was definitely the mark of the Buda clan, signifying they were slaves belonging to the Buda family.

Looking further to the sides was a stretch of barren hills, on which grew some twisted and deformed trees. These trees didn’t grow well, each and everyone as if sick, completely lacking in vitality. Besides these trees were weeds, these grasses didn’t grow tall and also seemed malnourished.

Withdrawing hi gaze, he again looked at the castle that was now considered his. The castle wasn’t small, housing a few thousand people might be no problem. But it seemed as if nobody had lived here for long time, lichen grew on the walls, grasses poked out between the stones, generally looking dilapidated. Looking at the window paper, it was clearly newly pasted on, and the other windows were still bare.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help smiling wryly. In Adam’s memories he could clearly remember the Buda family’s imperial mansion using glass, but here they used primitive paper windows. It really was a difference.

But it still gave Zhao Hai a heroic feeling. No matter how it was put, everything the light touched was his land, and no matter what anyone said, he didn’t believe that the earth the looked like it could discharge oil couldn’t bear any crops. He had to survive, and show up those who wanted to harm him. That would be a bit of compensation for taking over Adam’s body.

Just at this moment, a voice echoed in his mind……





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 4




Chapter 4

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World – 004 – Spatial Farm

“Spatial Farm program initiating, connecting to network, network connection successful, operating normally, discovering host, inspecting host conditions, host condition normal, binding to host, your present level is one, system reward five hundred gold, six bags of hay seeds, each bag can plant one field, you have currently cleared one piece of land, area ten fields, level zero, you can purchase required seeds in the shop, harvest can be changed for gold in the shop, due to network malfunction, you can freely enter the farm, you can only connect to the server, unable to connect to friends, please excuse the trouble.”

Zhao Hai stood there stupidly. He felt like he was dreaming, everything seemed unreal.

But he really heard that voice just now. If it was on Earth, Zhao Hai wouldn’t believe it, at most he’d think it was a prank. But this place was different, and if he could accept transmigration, what couldn’t he believe?

Zhao Hai at once said in his mind: “Enter farm.”

Just as he finished, there was a flash before his eyes. When he saw again, he was no longer in his castle, but in a wide open space. This space was very large, roughly two thirds of a hectare, all the land cleared, with brand new shovels stuck in the ground at the edge. Next to the land was a small spring, next to which was a bucket. There was a small thatched hut, on the left of which was a thatched dog house. Under the window of the thatched hut were two bottles, one marked ‘insecticide’, and the other marked ‘herbicide’. Next to the two bottles was also a basket, on which was written ‘collection’. On the right side of the hut there was an even smaller thatched hut, on which was written ‘barn’. Besides these, there was only a thick fog all around, with nothing visible. All he could see clearly was this thatched hut and that open space.

Zhao Hai was only too familiar with this, besides the lack of a background, this place was the game he was most familiar with, Farm Game!

Different from other nerds, Zhao Hai most liked reading books, reading novels, writing novels. Even though he only made some small change, it was still something he never tired of, and he never got into playing games.

Later on, some friends introduced Zhao Hai to try playing Farm Game. This game didn’t require you to invest too much time, and playing it was very simple. Consequently Zhao Hai also always kept playing, and by now his farm was already level twenty seven. Even though it wasn’t too high, he had still cleared his land, and was just in the middle of playing with pastures.

And what everyone who started playing knew was that the system would freely give you a scene, as well as a thatched hut, and the scene in Zhao Hai was looking at right now was exactly the same as that one. The difference was that Zhao Hai had seen it through his computer then, but now he was looking at it from inside the space.

Zhao Hai stared blankly at all this, he really didn’t know what to think. He couldn’t help squatting, scraping at the soil on the ground.

But when he grabbed the soul, a voice suddenly echoed in his head: “Spatial soil, level one, already plowed, can be used to plant crops, raising time to maturity, tenfold, can be brought out to use outside of the space, can improve soil outside of the space.”

Zhao Hai stared blankly, then grew happy. He still knew too little about this space, now with the chance, he ran over to the spring and used his hand to touch the spring water, and sure enough, there was a prompt: “Spatial spring water, level one, can be drunk, has an improving effect on the human body, can be used for irrigation, raising crop maturity time, tenfold, can be brought out of the spa





ce and used, can improve soil outside of the space.”

Zhao Hai was already dizzy from this sudden good fortune. He stretched one hand into the spring water, with dull eyes and laughing and giggling, he even forgot to pull out his hand.

After a good while, Zhao Hai stood, laughing loudly: “Wily Heavens, I really didn’t expect you would actually be this generous, hahaha, good, fine, excellent.”

Zhao Hai was extremely clear on the fact that here in the Ark continent, it was completely impossible for him to practice any magic or battle qi, then he would be destined to be mediocre all his life, it would also be impossible to avenge Adam’s hatred. But with this space it was different, even if he couldn’t take revenge, he could still maintain the Buda clan and let it flourish, this could also count as a kind of vengeance for Adam.

Zhao Hai calmed down after a good long while. He first ran over to the shovel next to the field, he wanted to see whether this shovel was as miraculous as it was in the game.

When his hand touched the shovel, the prompt resounded once again, “Shovel, tool, level one, can automatically turn the soil, operation time, ten fields / day, can be brought out to use outside of the space.”

Zhao Hai instantly laughed, then he went over to the bucket, a prompt resounding once as he touched it: “Bucket, tool, level one, can automatically irrigate the soil, operation time, ten fields / day, can be brought out to use outside of the space.”

“Insecticide, agricultural chemical, toxic, level one, can automatically kill insects, not for consumption, can be brought out of the space, doses / infinite.”

“Herbicide, agricultural chemical, toxic, level one, can automatically kill weeds, not for consumption, can be brought out of the space, doses / infinite.”

“Basket, tool, level one, can automatically collect crops, operation time, ten fields / day, can be brought out to use outside of the space, acquired harvest is automatically stored in barn.”

After investigating all the things outside the hut, Zhao Hai already understood that this place wasn’t much different from the space in the game, but it still wasn’t too similar, but to him it was only even better.

Zhao Hai entered the thatched hut with a chest filled with excitement. The thatched hut wasn’t big, but it was completely furnished, one bed spread with hay, one table, four chairs, one cupboard, one stove, a full set of tableware, and most importantly, next to the head of the bed was also something like a computer, but only the monitor.

Zhao Hai quickly stepped over to the display, finding that it was lit. On top were only two icons, above one was written “Shop”, and above the other was written “Farm introduction”.

Zhao Hai promptly opened the farm introduction, he really wanted to know how he would have such a farm, just what was going on.

Zhao Hai’s hand touched the farm introduction icon, which immediately changed into a line of white light, and all of a sudden there was a great deal of information in Zhao Hai’s mind. After a long while, having digested the information, he had also roughly guessed how this farm had come about.

Before Zhao Hai came to this world, he had been playing on his computer, playing just his Farm Game. But for some unknown reason, he had suddenly ended up here, and that Farm Game had also followed. It might be that the farm had changed in the transmigration, and conserved all its original functionality, and grown even more powerful. This farm had already become his system, and this system had also been bound to Zhao Hai.

In other words, even though Zhao Hai couldn’t connect to the host server on earth through this farm, he could use any functionality in this farm as he wished, including that shop. He could use gold for shopping, and could sell his harvest to the shop, he could bring the things in the farm outside, and bring things from the outside in, everything followed his wishes.

Only currently the farm was just level one, and a lot of functionality was unavailable. If he could raise the level, he could even open pastures, and could even expand his land. There was basically no limit to how far he could expand, and as the farm rose in level, turning soil, watering, or pesticides and such could gain experience, slowly leveling up, and he could also bring related things outside in here to evolve the space, thereby leveling up. In other words, Zhao Hai could bring in some specialities from the Ark continent, increasing the goods or crops inside the space, to make the space level up. Put simply, Zhao Hai had obtained a Heaven defying cheat.

Zhao Hai only wanted to laugh. With such a Heaven defying space, flourishing wasn’t anything difficult for him, and even taking revenge for Adam and the Buda clan wasn’t impossible. A brazen plan began to form in his mind.

He could use the soil and water in the space to improve the land in the Black Waste, that would be equivalent to having a gigantic farm of his own. As long as he developed this place, he could he could hire even more men, becoming a regional despot, and when the time came he could avenge the Buda clan……

Zhao Hai returned to his senses after a long time, softly shaking his head, snickering at himself for getting too far ahead. Right now he didn’t even have the first stroke of the character for revenge, he’d better first understand this place more clearly.

While thinking, Zhao Hai casually flicked open the shop icon, and a prompt at once echoed: “Welcome to the Spatial Shop, may I ask what you wish to purchase?”

Zhao Hai looked at the screen, on which was arranged images of some crops from earth, below them was written their price and level. Zhao Hai knew that this definitely was the same as in the game and didn’t give it more than a few looks, then closed the store page and looked over his surroundings.

He finally walked over to that cupboard. He believed that this cupboard definitely wasn’t any decoration, but was disappointed to find there was no prompt when he touched it. Zhao Hai stared blankly, pulling open the cupboard, and discovered three things inside. One cloth bag, one short cane with the head carved into a bug, and one short cane with the head carved in the shape of grass. Zhao Hai knew what these things were with practically one glance.

He first picked up that cloth bag, and a prompt sure enough came: “Purse, can hold gold, limitless quantity, current gold, five hundred, due to your level being too low, the gold cannot be brought outside the space.”

Zhao Hai stared blankly a moment, then grew happy. Even though the prompt was very short, he still understood a lot of things from hearing it. This purse was actually something like a spatial bag, it just seemed it could only hold money. But that wasn’t what caught Zhao Hai’s attention, his attention was on what came after, due to his level being low, the gold couldn’t be brought outside, then didn’t that mean that once his level rose, he could bring the gold from the space outside and use them? Heavens, if it’s really like that, then that’s too good.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 5




Chapter 5



Zhao Hai drew a few deep breaths, calming himself before picking up the bug cane, the prompt explaining: “Pest release tool, level one, can produce harmful insects that eat crops, usage frequency, fifty times per day, can be brought out and used outside the space.”

“Weed release tool, level one, can produce weeds, fights farm crops for nutrition, usage frequency, fifty times per day, can be brought out and used outside the space.”

Zhao Hai grinned, releasing the two canes. These two things were good things, for shady people especially.

There was nothing else in the house, and Zhao Hai stepped out from the thatched hut, going over to the barn. He knew there would definitely be more good things in the barn, at least he hadn’t found the promised sacks of seeds out here.

Zhao Hai very soon reached the barn, it looked extremely common, a small thatched hut, with a small wooden door, and nothing special otherwise.

Zhao Hai touched the wooden door with his hand, hearing the sound of the prompt: “Barn, level one, can store goods, unlimited type and quantity, goods stored inside are identical when taken out, can be used outside the space, current items, hay seeds, six bags.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help thinking, hay seeds. Just as the thought past, in front of him appeared six small bags, marked ‘Hay seed’.

Zhao Hai looked distracted, then exulted. He had still been wondering how to use the barn, he didn’t expect it to only need a thought. This really was too good.

Zhao Hai pushed on the barn door, but discovered it wouldn’t open. The barn seemed to be like a prop, basically without any use.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, then turned and walked back to the thatched hut, sitting down on the bed of hay, calmly arranging his findings. Right now he had a space like this, first of all was that the land could be farmed, then water to drink, and he could even enormously improve the crop maturation time, tenfold, and with the water, that was another tenfold. Heavens, with this place, he didn’t need to worry about going hungry.

That basket could be used, the shovel as well, the bucket, pesticides, pest releasing tool, weed releasing tool, these were all good things, and they could be brought outside. The main thing was that barn, having the barn was tantamount to having an enormous interspatial storage, that was what he was happiest about.

From Adam’s memories, this world had a lot of storage tools. A space type mage could produce one, but space type mages were rare, se even though there were a lot of storage tools on the continent, they were all in the hands of those nobles, very rarely would commoners have them.

Those storage tools couldn’t compare to the barn, those tools were all very small, even the largest no more than a few hundred cubic meters, and those were already considered divine tools. Something as large as his barn was basically nonexistent.

Most important was still that the storage tools on the Ark continent didn’t have any way to store living things, but the spatial barn could, and he could stockpile unlimited types.

Besides these fixtures, he also had six bags of hay seeds, and five hundred gold coins. Even though gold currently couldn’t be brought outside, but they could be used to shop in the spatial shop, that was enough.

After reading the space introduction, Zhao Hao already knew that this place followed the game he played before, and the basic settings were more or less the same. After his level rose, he could open pastures, and do a lot more things.

Most important right now was that he had ten fields, and one unending spring. With these two things he could think of ways to improve the black soil of his territory, but first of all he had to plant these ten fields.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai coul





dn’t help smiling wryly. He was a nerd before, but he had been born in the city, and had basically never farmed, to the extent that he might not see the difference between millet, soybeans, sesame, barley, and rice. Having him suddenly farm now, he really didn’t know how to start.

Zhao Hai returned the hay seed bags to the barn. He clearly understood that pasture seed wasn’t any use to him right now, but would be if he opened pastures later. What he needed now was food, or cash crop seeds.

Opening the shop interface, there were images of some crops up top, below which were written level and how much money required to buy them, just like the game interface.

Zhao Hai looked over the interface, finding it really was like the game, the settings all the same. Right now he was only level one, and the seeds he could cultivate were only hay, radish, carrot, and bok choy, the rest he couldn’t plant.

Zhao Hai tried poking a second level crop seed, and the interface immediately gave an ‘insufficient level’ message. Zhou Hai also understood, this place really was the same as the game.

Only these four kinds of crops could be planted, and Zhao Hai heroically didn’t hesitate to choose radish seeds. Each bag of radish seed was one hundred fifty gold, and each bag of seed sowed ten fields, ten fields could produce close to eighty thousand catty of radishes, which would be five hundred gold if sold to the shop.

In light of the purchasing power in this world, five hundred gold coins was roughly fifty thousand yuan on Earth. In other words, one gold coin was equal to 100RMB, one silver coin was 10RMB, and one copper coin was equal to 0.1RMB.

Calculating it like this, growing radish was quite profitable, but still lacking a bit compared to bok choy and carrots. But the reason Zhao Hai picked radish wasn’t because of how much money it could make, but because of experience.

When playing Farm Game before, Zhao Hai had once very conscientiously calculated all things related to farming, from turning the soil, to planting, to harvesting, and what gave the most experience was unexpectedly this most unremarkable radish. Most important right now was to first raise his level, like that he could farm even more land, and generally speaking, planting radishes would also give a lot of gold, so under the present circumstances, growing radish was most suitable.

Zhao Hai was a nerd, and nerds didn’t like going out, that’s why, when he unavoidably had to go out, he would first calculate what he would go do today, and how to do it in the shortest time possible, or what he had to do several days later and if he could do that at the same time, so he didn’t have to go out again for a few days.

As this went on, it naturally fostered a kind of calculating nature. When doing anything, he would calculate it properly, then find the implementation method that most suited him.

This time was the same. He had calculated for a long time, and finally chose radishes, because radish gave the best experience, compared to this, the loss of some gold basically counted for nothing.

Zhao hai immediately bought a bag of radish seed. The seeds didn’t appear in front of him, and were rather placed in the barn. But with a thought, a small bag at once appeared in front of him. This bag wasn’t large, and also seemed quite flat, as if nothing was inside. But as soon as Zhao Hai’s hand touched the bag, there was immediately a prompt: “Radish seed, one bag, can be planted, can be brought outside, plants ten fields.”

Zhao Hai heaved a sigh. Fortunately, this bag of seed could plant these ten fields, otherwise he wouldn’t have the money to buy seed. But this system really could scheme, only giving six fields’ worth, but forcing you to by ten fields’ worth, truly insidious.

Closing the shop interface, Zhao Hai took the seed bag and left the thatched hut. But on seeing those ten fields he was stupefied. He had bought the seed, but how did he plant them? A nerd like him farming, he didn’t even know how to plant radishes, this really was terrible.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help thinking about returning the seed bag to the barn, when he suddenly looked at the seed bag in his hand, a brazen way of thinking germinating in his mind.

Everything in this space seemed like it revolved around him. Even though he needed money to buy seed, the starting funds were provided, as if he was really playing a game. If that’s how it was, then should there really be a need for him to do things himself?

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai at once thought about planting the radishes. He had just finished the thought, when the seed bag in his hand flew out, immediately followed by the shovel in the ground also moving. The shovel made small holes in the ground, and the seed bag tossed out a seed to fall inside, after which the bucket immediately flew up and poured water in the hole, followed by the shovel covering up the small hole, then digging a new hole, spilling seed, watering, burying, as if several people were working with a clear division of labor and a tacit cooperation, dealing with all the work together without any need for Zhao Hai to lift a hand.

Zhao Hai watched this scene, and couldn’t help laughing out loud. This space really was very good, he felt like he was the god of this place, and as long as he thought it, the things in the space would at once move according to his wishes. This really was too good.

Seeing that it would still take some time to sow the field, Zhao Hai also feared that Green would discover he was missing and worry, and thought about leaving the space. With a thought, he returned to his room in the iron mountain castle. Looking at the sky outside the window, it unexpectedly hadn’t changed much. Moreover, it didn’t seem like anyone had entered the room. This made Zhao Hai even more convinced that the time he had lingered in the space definitely hadn’t been long, and even if he had stayed there longer, time in that space would definitely flow differently than outside.

Zhao Hai was so happy he wanted to shout. With such a Heaven defying cheat, he could at least take up a post as a free and unrestrained little landlord in this world. WHether he could help Adam with revenge and such things, first making sure he had a comfortable life was reasonable.

Zhao Hai had to admit that he wasn’t a very ambitious person, he had the heart of a minor peasant. As long as he was well, reviving the Buda clan, avenging the Buda clan, avenging Adam and whatnot, these were all things he’d thought about in excitement. Thinking about the power of those grand nobles, Zhao Hai felt a burst of fright. The majestic Buda family’s survival hinged on a word, and extinguishing something like a tiny little Zhao Hai was just a matter of waving a hand for them.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 6




Chapter 6



Low key, he definitely had to be low key!

Having read countless transmigration novels, Zhao Hai clearly understood that if he didn’t know how to be low key in another world, then he wouldn’t have a good ending. Zhao Hai believed that novels were just fiction, the reason why those MC’s could call the wind and summon the rain in other worlds was all because of the author’s golden fingers. If one person, alone in an unfamiliar environment, still acted so unbridled, the consequences definitely wouldn’t be good.

Now Zhao Hai’s status was that of the Buda clan’s last heir, and at the same time they had even offended the most powerful factions in the Aksu Empire. Under such circumstances, if he didn’t keep low key, then the first to die would definitely be him.

Even if he had the spatial farm to hide in now, there were still too many ways to kill one person alone, and Zhao Hai didn’t want to carelessly misplace his head while asleep.

Just as Zhao Hai was thinking about these things, there was suddenly a knock on the door. Zhao Hai looked distracted, but at once said: “Enter.”

Meg pushed open the door and walked inside, her head low without looking at Zhao Hai, bowing to him and saying: “Young master.” Then nothing else.

Zhao Hai looked at Meg’s appearance, and also had a brief wry smile. The reason Meg didn’t raise her head to look at him was because Adam had previously wanted to molest her because of her beauty. Ultimately he didn’t succeed, but from then on Meg had always avoided Adam, and even if the met, she would only lower her head and call him ‘young master’, then turn around and leave.

Zhao Hai sighed, this was all trouble caused by Adam, but it fell on him to deal with it. Heavens, this really is a crop of disaster.

Zhao Hai looked at Meg’s appearance, then sighed again: “I’m alright, you go down and rest. I’ll also sleep a while, it’s fine if you come call me for supper.”

Meg made an answering noise, then turned around and left. After stepping outside, she still kept guard outside Zhao Hai’s door. Looking at her as if fleeing from him, Zhao Hai smiled wryly again.

His body was now all better, without any discomfort. The reason why he said he would rest was to put Adam’s memories in order, and take a look at whether there was still anything he didn’t know. Adding that he currently had the spatial farm, this was an enormous help to his future growth. He had to think of how to take advantage of this spatial farm even better.

Right now he was planting radishes in the spatial farm, and if he sold the radishes back to the farm he would obtain at least five hundred gold. In other words, he could earn three hundred fifty gold.

He could also take these radishes outside via the barn, then let Green bring them to sell in other areas of the Ark continent, then he could perhaps gain a bit more gold.

But most important was that he currently didn’t know whether the Ark continent had something like radishes. Adam used to be a wastrel, it was basically impossible for him to go buy vegetables, and the things he ate were normally comparatively good dishes, and probably already cooked once. He basically wouldn’t have asked about what was in the food, and so he basically had no idea whether this continent had a vegetable like radishes.

If those radishes couldn’t be bought outside, then he would also have to process them. The whole radish was a treasure, and harvesting radishes should be done as complete as possible. The radish leaves wouldn’t be neglected either, radish leaves were very tasty, as long as they were simply marinated they could become delicious.

Zhao Hai lived in northern China, that’s why he still clearly remembered his





mother using such marinated radish leaves in cooking when he was little, and that flavour was very good.

Such radish leaves could further be used as fodder to feed some grazing animals. If this world didn’t have something like radish, they could sell the radishes and keep the leaves to feed some grazing magic beasts. In Adam’s memories there were some magic beasts that were very easy to raise, eating anything, and when that time came they could breed large quantities of such magic beasts, and not having to worry about meat. Moreover, they could also establish a pasture, with would naturally mean even more income.

Even if this world had radishes, but the price wasn’t high, then he’d sell it to the spatial shop, that way he could still keep the radish leaves. No matter what, he couldn’t be wasteful.

Because his current level was insufficient, Zhao Hai still couldn’t open a pasture in the space, but he could establish pastures here in the Ark continent first. Once the space leveled up later, he could open up pastures in the space as well, then he could raise some Earth animals there.

Zhao Hai had already thought it through. His later development would have to rely on farming. Anyway, the space lacked attack power, so farming suited him best.

Right now he had a large fief, a mountain, plus a deadland, as well as the Carrion Marsh. These areas were all his fief, but to turn these areas useful would take a lot of time.

Zhao Hai only hoped that the spatial farm water and soil really could transform the Black Waste. If it did, then he could have a wide expanse of arable land. No matter when it was, land was always fundamental.

As for manpower, that was something Zhao Hai had never worried about. Because he knew that this world had a kind of people that Earth lacked, slaves.

Earth didn’t have slaves, but this place did. As long as you had money, you could buy lots of slaves, and the life or death of these slaves were all under your control. They were absolutely loyal to you, and moreover wouldn’t run, since each slave was branded with the particular mark of the clan. If they were discovered to be masterless, having secretly run away, then the consequences would be dire.

Therefore, as long as his farm could earn money, he completely didn’t worry about matters of behaviour. The slaves on the continent were numerous, and even if they weren’t originally slaves, as long as someone required it and could produce suitable compensation, those nobles could turn countless people into slaves.

Nobles possessed everything, this world was that simple.

But with Zhao Hai’s current status, if he suddenly bought a bunch of slaves, it would definitely draw attention. Therefore, no matter what, he had to stay low key. Low key was his policy, farming was his main development direction.

Having thought this through, Zhao Hai loosed a long breath, slowly lying back in bed. He still felt as if he was dreaming. He was previously only a common nerd on Earth. Even if he liked reading novels, that still didn’t mean he wanted to transmigrate. But who could have thought that something like this would actually befall him.

Heavens, you had a nerd leave his computer, isn’t that tantamount to castrating a pervert? This really is too cruel.

Zhao Hai sighed deeply, tossing around on the bed, looking at that stone ceiling, and couldn’t help sighing again. Such a place had absolutely no facilities for entertainment, how would he live each day? My novels, haah, this really is too vexing.

Maybe because he received too many memories just now, plus the unexpected blessing of the spacial farm, had made Zhao Hai’s nerves too excited, and now that the excitement had died down, wave after wave of exhaustion attacked him. Unconsciously, he fell into a deep sleep again.

What Zhao Hai didn’t discover was that, just as he fell asleep, his door was pushed open, and Meg stretched her head inside to glance. Seeing that Zhao Hai was asleep on the bed, she softly stepped inside, picking up the quilt on the bed and covering Zhao Hai. Standing by the bed, looking at Zhao Hai, she sighed and muttered: “Young master, you will be working hard. The Buda clan rests on you.”

Finished speaking, she turned around and left, softly pulling his door closed.

Meg had just left Zhao Hai’s room when Green walked up, looking at Meg and saying: “Meg, how is the young master? What’s he doing?”

Meg said: “Nothing, sleeping.”

Green nodded: “Go take a look at how your grandmother’s dinner preparations are going, when it’s ready come call the young master to the meal. Ai, since we’re in a place like this anyway, noble etiquette can only be abandoned.” Shaking his head, he returned.

Meg looked at her grandfather. She completely understood her grandfather’s mood, he had given his whole life to the Buda clan, and had never thought that the Buda clan would decline before his eyes, how could Green be feeling well?

Meg followed behind Green to the kitchen. Even though Merine was the only chef here now, she was only in charge of the meals for these people. What the slaves outside ate wasn’t her concern, Green had already given them food, and they would help themselves.

Meg quite approved of Green’s way of handling things. Those slaves were pitiful people, and this place was still quite good. Even though the food wasn’t too good, they could still eat their fill. That was basically an impossibility under those other nobles.

Meg also thought extremely clearly. Right now the Buda clan was completely reliant on her grandfather’s support, the young master Adam basically understood nothing, so right now she only hoped that Adam would be sensible enough not to act wilfully, otherwise the Buda clan really would have no hope for survival.

But even if Adam was sensible, he still had a lot to learn. Previously he was basically a hedonistic young master, a typical representation of a lack of learning or skills, he basically didn’t have a bit of experience regarding managing a clan. If he was sensible enough to learn, that was one thing, but if he still refused and gave misguided orders, then they wouldn’t be able to endure for more than a few years with their current circumstances.

Even if the Buda family couldn’t be called very rich before, they were at least still nobility, and even though they had been branded criminals this time, their property hadn’t been confiscated, and so the clan still had a lot of money, altogether close to a hundred thousand gold or so, this was no small sum.

But now Green had already changed this money into all kinds of supplies, leaving only a hundred something gold. If Buda still kept squandering money like before, then these people could perhaps only wash tie their necks and wait for starvation.

Right now, Adam’s qualities decided the survival of the Buda Clan.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 7




Chapter 7



The color of the sky deepened. In the whole castle, besides Zhao Hai’s room which was lit by magic, the other areas used torches.

This magic lamp was made from a kind of magic crystal that existed on the Ark continent, but magic crystals only came from two sources. One was magic crystal mines, where crystals could be both good or bad, calculated by how much energy they contained. If there was a lot, they could be used to power magic tools, if there wasn’t, they could only be used for lighting. And magic crystals from underground were all disposable, once they were exhausted they were trash.

There was still another kind of magic crystal, those born from magic beasts. Such magic crystals were extremely hard to come by, there might not be one magic beast of ten that had one. Even though such magic crystals didn’t contain much energy, they were still very stable, aids for when magicians used magic. Most importantly, such magic crystals could be reused. After it was exhausted, as long as it was given time, it could automatically absorb the natural energy of the same attribute from the world, slowly recharging until it could be used again.

But no matter what kind of magic crystal, they were all extremely costly. Mined crystals were a bit cheaper than from magic beasts, but that still wasn’t a price ordinary people could afford.

With the Buda clan now in such an extreme state, even though Green had bought a few magic crystals, each was very precious, and couldn’t be used wastefully. Therefore, besides Zhao Hai’s room, the other areas were only lit by torches at night.

At this hour the slaves had already eaten and gone to sleep, but Mayling had just finished cooking, and had Meg go call over Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai was napping very sweetly. Even though he was in another world, now he had a spatial farm, and the least he had to worry about was making a living. Moreover, because he had been unconscious for all these days, Merine had constantly used magic to heal him, and so there was still a large quantity of water element left in his body. Water element in itself had a soothing effect, and added to him having put down his worries, he slept especially soundly.

Meg reached Zhao Hai’s room, and first eavesdropped for voices inside. The room was very silent, without the slightest sound, so Meg knocked on the door: “Young master, get out of bed, you should eat supper.”

There was still no sound. Meg called out another two times, but there was still no answer. In the end, Meg had no choice but to enter the room.

Once inside the room, Meg heard even breathing. She softly and quietly moved over to Zhao Hai’s bed to look. Zhao Hai was sleeping soundly, basically not hearing her.

Meg sighed. She didn’t know whether Zhao Hai was big hearted or an idiot, able to sleep so sweetly at a time like this.

Meg stood next to Zhao Hai’s bed, softly pushing him: “Young master, you should get up and eat supper.”

Zhao Hai woke up in a daze, muttering: “What time?”

Meg hurriedly said: “Young master, it’s already seven in the evening, you should eat supper.”

Zhao Hai opened his eyes, turning his head to glance at Meg standing next to the bed, then turning his head to look outside, discovering that the sky was already somewhat dark. He slowly sat up, shaking his somewhat sleep dazed head. A bit more awake, he turned his head to Meg: “Meg, what date is it?”

Meg lowered her head: “Young master, today is the sixth of April.”

Zhao Hai nodded, counting in his head. He fell unconscious on the twenty seventh of February 1637, and now it was already the sixth of April. In other words, he had been unconscious for more than a month. To be able to move so freely after being unconscious so long, if he was on Earth,





it would be a true miracle.

But Zhao Hai didn’t ask Meg what was going on, because he knew from Adam’s memories that the healing magic of the mages on the continent was miraculous. Let alone a month, even if he was unconscious for a year, he could still get up and walk around as if he’d just had a nap, without any muscular atrophy.

Zhao Hai sat on the bedside, and Meg at once gathered up his boots, about to put them on for him when Zhao Hai at once said: “Meg, put them down, I’ll dress myself.”

Meg looked distracted, but still said: “Young master, you had better let me do it, it’s part of my duties.”

Zhao Hai wasn’t accustomed to something like this, and hastily stopped Meg: “Let it be, hereafter I’ll handle such trifles myself.” He grabbed the boots from Meg’s hands and put them on himself.

Meg looked distractedly at Zhao Hai from the side. She felt that Zhao Hai was very strange today, let alone saying he would put them on himself, the previous Zhao Hai wouldn’t even have taken them off on his own, and today he actually put them on himself.

Zhao Hai finished putting his boots on and stood, turning to Meg: “Let’s go, let’s eat first, I still have some things to discuss with grandpa Green.”

Even though Meg felt that Zhao Hai was very strange today, she still responded, and led Zhao Hai towards the dining room. Meg knew that since Zhao Hai had never left his room since coming here, he still couldn’t find his way around the castle. If she let him go on his own, he definitely wouldn’t know which direction to go.

Leaving the room, Zhao Hai looked distracted, curiously looking all around. This castle was clearly ancient, the construction somewhat aged, but seemingly sturdy enough. But the building style was very old, and the indoor layout wasn’t as good as Adam’s original home, giving a somewhat gloomy feeling.

But Zhao Hai didn’t care about this, he rather liked castles like these. In his imagination, castles should be like this. This was in the ancient style, perhaps he could still find some secret rooms somewhere.

Zhao Hai very quickly also noticed the torches on the walls. Recalling the price of magic crystals, Zhao Hai understood why they would use torches.

Even though Adam was a noble with no sense for value, he still knew the prices for something like magic crystals, because such things were considered luxury goods. They were things people in Adam’s social class bought, and so he knew the price.

Zhao Hai simultaneously thought of that magic lamp in his room, that seemed to be the only magic lamp in the entire castle. Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help feeling warm.

The dining hall wasn’t far from Zhao Hai’s bedroom, and the two entered very quickly. Green, Merine, Rockhead, and Blockhead were just standing in the room waiting for Zhao Hai. Seeing Zhao Hai enter, they all bowed: “Good evening, young master, please have a meal.”

Zhao Hai nodded. Walking over to the wooden table and glancing over it, he discovered it was only set for him alone. Through Adam’s memories, Zhao Hai knew that when nobles ate, servant’s couldn’t sit together, only standing to the side and serving.

Zhao Hai sat down, sizing up the dining room. The room wasn’t very large, only a bit more than twenty square meters. Within the room was set a long dining table, covered with a white table cloth. On the cloth were arranged two candle holders, each holding three wax candles.

Eight chairs were arranged around the table, made with very fine craftsmanship, apparently high level goods. Each corner of the dining room held a torch, making the whole room very bright. But besides this, there was nothing else in the room.

Zhao Hao sized up the dining room, then turned to Green and the others: “Grandpa Green, all of you sit down to eat as well. After eating I have some things to ask you.”

Green at once bowed to Zhao Hai: “Young master, that won’t do at all. When you are eating, we can’t sit with you, these are imperial regulations.”

Zhao Hai snorted: “Imperial regulations, but not my regulations. Since the empire abandoned us, why should we still observe imperial regulations? Don’t object, quickly go get tableware and sit down to eat together. While eating I’ll talk about some things. If you don’t come, I won’t eat either.”

Green looked at Zhao Hai and had no means, only turning his head to glance at Merine, who shot him a glare: “What are you looking at me for, the young master hasn’t had a bit to eat for more than a month, don’t tell me you still want to let him go hungry.”

Sure enough, Zhao Hai’s health weighed heavier to Green. Hearing Meirin’s words, he at once turned his head and said: “Then you go with Meg to the kitchen, I’ll wait on the young master here.”

This time Meirin didn’t say anything, and led Meg away, while Green sat down with Blockhead and Rockhead. Blockhead and Rockhead were clearly a bit uncomfortable, sitting there as if on needles. Moreover, one could see that the two were a bit slow, and wouldn’t say much. Ever since seeing Zhao Hai, all they had said was “Good evening, young master, please have a meal” along with the others.

Zhao Hai learned from Adam’s memories that Blockhead and Rockhead were children his father had taken in and raised. They weren’t clever, and could even be called stupid, but the two were talented in other ways, born with great strength, and further adding the Wild Dragon battle qi, the two were now both almost level six warriors, and were moreover loyal and devoted to the Buda clan, and absolutely wouldn’t betray them.

While waiting for Meirin to bring the food, Zhao Hai turned to Green: “Grandpa Green, how much gold do we have on hand right now?”

Green looked distracted, he didn’t know why Zhao Hai was asking, but he still at once stood to answer: “Young master, we currently have one hundred eighty gold coins on hand, but right now we don’t lack any goods, and so these gold coins can all be allocated.”

Zhao Hai hastily made Green sit, continuing: “Then when we came from the capital, didn’t we use wagons to move the things? What about the cart horses?”

Green said: “Young master, this place is small and doesn’t have anything in the way of produce, so in order to save on foodstuffs, we only have five horses. The wagons were all rented.”

Zhao Hai looked distracted, but at once understood Green’s meaning. Green was economizing as far as possible, and had to know that good horses didn’t only eat grass, but had to eat some cereals. And since this place basically couldn’t produce much grain, what could be saved of course had to be saved, and rearing horses was impossible.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 8




Chapter 8



Zhao Hai nodded, continuing: “Grandpa Green, then how do we settle meat right now? Don’t tell me we didn’t buy some magic beasts to rear?”

Green didn’t know why Zhao Hai was asking about this, but believed it was because he was afraid he wouldn’t have meat to eat, and so at once said: “Young master need not worry, we’ve acquired some Blue Eyed Rabbits and Long Haired Pigs to provide meat, there is no need for young master to worry about having meat to eat.”

Zhao Hai didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, it seemed that Adam’s character really wasn’t up to much before. He wanted to find a kind that reproduced quickly and wasn’t picky about food to raise, but Green thought he was worrying about having meat to eat, all this and that.

At this time, Meirin and Meg brought in a few trays. There was some food on the trays, but a lot simpler than Zhao Hai’s meal.

Zhao Hai glanced at his own plate. His plate had white bread, two eggs, a piece of meat, as well as some vegetables. Under the present circumstances it was quite good.

But on the plates of Green and the others was only black bread and some vegetables. What eggs, meat, there was basically none. This made Zhao Hai’s heart ache, but he didn’t say anything, only picking up his knife and fork to eat. When Green and the others saw him eating, they also began to eat.

Green and the others didn’t eat quickly, only Blockhead and Rockhead did. Moreover, looking at it, the food Meirin gave them was much better than the others.

He had to admit that Meirin’s food tasted good. Even though it wasn’t as tasty as Chinese cuisine, producing such flavor with such simple ingredients was already quite astonishing.

Zhao Hai nodded with satisfaction, swiftly eating the meal before him. Even though he was unaccustomed to eating western food with knife and fork, he really was a bit hungry, and so ate quickly.

But when he had finished eating, Green and the others had also finished, all of them standing there watching him. Zhao Hai wasn’t very comfortable with this, but he also knew that such things wouldn’t change overnight.

After everything was eaten, Meirin and Meg put the dishes in order, then served a pot of something. One sniff at the pot told Zhao Hai that this pot held keja. Keja was similar to coffee, and something the great continental nobles were most fond of.

Green hurriedly poured him a cup. Zhao Hai drank one mouthful, the flavor was similar to coffee, and he couldn’t help nodding. Picking up the pot, he poured a cup for Green, then pointed to a chair by the side: “Grandpa Green, you sit. I have something to consult you about, come, have some keja.”

Green hurriedly said: “I couldn’t, I’m better standing.”

Zhao Hai stood and pushed Green into the chair: “Grandpa Green, you’re from my grandfather’s generation, you’ve watched me grow up, you can be said to be my senior. This time the Buda clan has fallen into such misery, and if not for you, I perhaps couldn’t guarantee my survival. Don’t stand on ceremony, sit, I really have something to discuss with you.”

Green sat down, looking at Zhao Hui, tears suddenly flowing as he muttered: “I’ll sit, I’ll sit, yes, young master has grown up, so thoughtful.”

Zhao Hai feigned a sigh: “Experiencing so much, I should also grow up. I’m sorry, grandpa Green, I let you worry before, I won’t hereafter.”

Green shook his head: “No, young master don’t say that, it was I who failed to protect you, letting such things happen to young master, letting the Buda clan fall to such a place.”

Zhao Hai shook his head, smiling wryly: “This can’t be blamed





on you, how could my father have listened to your advice. Fine, don’t mention it, grandpa Green, do you know what magic beast on the continent isn’t picky about food, grows quickly, and also breeds quickly?”

Green looked a bit distracted by Zhao Hai’s question, but this was still something he knew about, and so he at once said: “There are many such kinds of magic beasts on the continent, like the Blue Eyed Rabbits and Long Haired Pigs we raise. They are both considered first level magic beasts, without any attack power. The time for Blue Eyed Rabbits to grow to maturity is just a little past three months, and after they’re mature they can give birth on average once per month, each litter will have no fewer than five. Long haired pigs have a longer growth cycle, roughly eight to ten months or so, after which they can reproduce once every four months or so, each litter will have no fewer than seven. These two kinds of magic beasts are also the most common source of meat on the continent, and a lot of people breed them.”

Zhao Hai nodded: “Which of these two magic beasts is more commonly raised?”

Green said: “Long Haired Pigs. Even though Blue Eyed Rabbits aren’t too picky about food, but they are herbivores and generally only eat some plant leaves. Not like Long Haired Pigs, who eat anything.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He found that the Blue Eyed Rabbits Green mentioned weren’t much different from Earth rabbits. He at once stood: “Grandpa Green, didn’t you say we bought Blue Eyed Rabbits? Bring me to see them.”

Even though Green didn’t know what Zhao Hai was up to, seeing that he had finally started to become concerned about the family situation, he was still very happy. But he still said: “Young master, it’s late, I think we should go see them tomorrow. Young master go back and rest a bit earlier.”

Zhao Hai looked at the color of the sky outside, and also felt he wa being a bit anxious. Nodding, he said: “Fine, then we’ll go take a look tomorrow. But grandpa Green, I noticed there still seems to be a lot of supplies in the courtyard, why not bring them inside the castle?”

Green looked a bit embarrassed: “Young master, it’s not that we wouldn’t but the castle is too small, it really can’t hold so much supplies, and so we’re now having the slaves set up some wooden sheds to store those things.”

Zhao Hai nodded, looking at the color of the sky outside: “Then do the slaves all have somewhere to live? Right now it’s already April, it will soon be the rainy season. It’s fine to let those slaves have places to stay first. So few of the Buda clan remain, we have to rely on them hereafter.”

Greens somewhat restless expression instantly improved. When Zhao Hai asked about the goods in the courtyard, he was afraid of Zhao Hai asking about those slaves. Because in the eyes of the continent’s nobles, those slaves were worth far less than those supplies. If Zhao Hai thought the same, then he would definitely drive those slaves out of the castle, then store the supplies in the rooms.

But Green knew extremely clearly that with the Buda clan in its present state, and with the rainy season approaching, if those slaves were pushed outside they would very easily fall sick, and when that moment came they would be confronted with the predicament of having no people.

But what Green hadn’t expected was for Zhao Hai to actually think of this. This told him that his young master had finally grown up, and so he hurriedly said: “Please don’t worry, young master, everything has been taken care of.”

Zhao Hai nodded at this: “With grandpa Green here, I can be relieved. Fine, I’ll return to rest, if there’s anything, we’ll talk tomorrow.” After speaking, he left the room.

At this moment Meirin and Meg walked in from the kitchen. Seeing Green sitting there with a moved expression, Meirin curiously said: “Old man, what’s happened?”

Green suddenly laughed out loud: “The young master has grown up, become sensible. Hahahaha, the Heavens haven’t forgotten my Buda clan.” Repeating his conversation with Zhao Hai just now to Meirin, he smiled: “The young master knows to care about the clan’s affairs, this is a good thing. As long as the young master can properly manage the clan, even if the Buda clan can’t expand, it can continue on. No matter what, the Buda clan won’t disappear.”

Meiring was also unusually happy, saying: “Expanding doesn’t matter, as long as the young master is safe it’s fine. I think we’re very good right now. When we were in the capital, even if the Buda clan was well off, we were also too affected by people’s eyes. Otherwise we wouldn’t have been entrapped by those people. Now that we’re far from that prison, leading our little days here is even better. The Black Waste doesn’t have anything that anyone would come here for, so our Buda clan is actually even safer.”

Green nodded with a small smile: “Right, that’s sensible. That’s why I bought half male and half female slaves this time, in order to prepare for the clan’s later development. I don’t want anything else right now, as long as the young master can be sage, and the Buda clan continue, I will be satisfied.”

Meirin nodded, a smile on her face. Meg stood behind Meirin, and even though nothing showed on her face, her eyes revealed a trace of happiness.

Zhao Hai could also hear Green’s laughter. Recalling Green’s expression right now, Zhao Hai knew why he would be so happy. Thinking of this he couldn’t help smiling wryly. He hadn’t expected that he would just need to appear a bit normal for them to be so excited. It seemed that the previous Adam really wasn’t any good news.

Returning to his room, Zhao Hai didn’t go to sleep. Maybe it was because he had slept too much in the daytime, but when he lay on the bed now his eyes were like light bulbs, not sleepy at all.

After laying there for an hour, Zhao Hai still hadn’t fallen asleep. Pondering, he still decided to go take a look at the space, and see how the radishes were doing.

Entering the space, Zhao Hai just stared blankly. He hadn’t expected that, just a few hours after planting, the radishes would actually already have grown such large leaves. They didn’t seem far away from ripening.

Zhao Hai stared blankly at these radishes, he really hadn’t expected them to grow so quickly. Even if the spatial soil and water were said to be able to increase growth speed, wasn’t this still too fast?

Zhao Hai couldn’t help walking over to the side of the field and pull up a radish for a look. He discovered it had already grown a small piece of radish, but because it had still grown for too short a time, the radish still wasn’t large, and would require more time to grow.

Zhao Hai laughed and giggled, burying the radish again, then stood and muttered: “At this rate, they might be ripe tomorrow morning. Then I can ask grandpa Green to see if this place has something like these radishes, and in passing take a look at whether those Blue Eyed Rabbits will eat radish leaves. If they do, then I can open a pasture, hahaha.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 9




Chapter 9



Taking another turn around the space, there really didn’t seem to be anything happening. Zhao Hai left the space and lay quietly on the bed, constantly thinking about everything that had happened since he woke up.

Since learning he had transmigrated, Zhao Hai not only wasn’t a bit scared, but on the contrary a bit excited deep down. When he was on Earth, Zhao Hai was a nerd, with a small sum of author’s remuneration each month, living under a great deal of pressure.

But here was different. Here he was a noble, and even if he had been pushed aside, he still had his own fief. Even if it was a deadland, he still had some loyal subordinates. He could decide life and death for one hundred slaves with a word. He had a castle, people to wait on him, and most importantly, he had the spatial farm.

Even if he didn’t know how this spatial farm came about, as long as he had it, he didn’t have to worry about food, and could live good days, free and unfettered.

While thinking of this, he constantly thought about how to develop the farm in the future. But thinking about that right now was useless, he could only wait for the farm to level up one step.

But the farm had clearly undergone changes. Whether this was a good thing or not remained to be seen. Therefore, as long as he had the chance tomorrow, he would definitely take some of the black soil outside into the space, and take a look at whether he could use the spatial soil and water to remodel it. Moreover, he would accumulate funds as quickly as possible and buy some seeds from the space. Best would be if he also out some spatial water. Then, even if the space disappeared later, he still had his own land, the foundation for going on with his life.

While thinking about this, he unconsciously fell asleep again. In his dreams, he established a giant manor, taking up duty as a lord, spending his days quietly. That was beautiful.

Just as he was dreaming beautifully, a sudden voice echoed: “Radishes have matured, please collect them as soon as possible.”

Zhao Hai woke with a start, quickly entering the space, discovering that the radishes were already mature. One large white radish after another, crowding up and breaking the surface of the soil.

Zhao Hai couldn’t wait, quickly running over to the side of the field, digging up a large white radish in a couple of digs and wiping the soil off with his hands. Disregarding any dirt, he took a big bite.

Sweet and mildly spicy radish juice flowed down his mouth, and Zhao Hai couldn’t help sighing. This flavor really was good. When Zhao Hai was on Earth, he especially liked eating white radish. White radish tasted sweet, not like green radish which was always very pungent. And these white radishes grown in the farm tasted an unknown amount better than Earth radishes.

While Zhao Hai was chewing on white radish, he sized up the root in his hand. This radish was at least three catty heavy, counting as not small among white radishes. It was also straight, white and plump, looking very appetizing.

Zhao Hai burst into laughter from happiness, holding the radish and walking over to the thatched hut, where he picked up the collection basket and loudly shouting to the land: “Collect!” The radishes in field shot out as if scooped up by a giant hand, one by one flying out and falling into the basket. But the basket never filled. Zhao Hai bowed his head to look, discovering those radishes disappeared as soon as they entered the basket.

Before long, all the produce was completely collected. Zhao Hai inspected the barn, and sure enough, the radishes were all deposited inside, unexpectedly leaving behind numerous holes in the ground.

Zhao Hai didn’t sell these radishes, but rather again bought a bag of seeds. At the same time he ordered the little shovel to start turning the soil, t





hen continued planting this bag of seeds as well. These seeds had just been planted when he heard a ‘ding’ sound, followed by a voice: “Congratulations on reaching level two, the system rewards you with two bags of white cabbage seeds, capacity for each bag, one field.”

Zhao Hai curled his lips: “Really stingy, delivering seeds that can only cover one field.”

After finishing his business, Zhao Hai left the space. Looking at the color of the sky outside, he discovered it was still very early, just a white smear on the eastern horizon.

At this time Green and the others still wouldn’t have woken up, and even those slaves would still be asleep. Zhao Hai was too excited to sleep, and sat in his room nibbling on that white radish he brought out from the space. He couldn’t have enough of that taste.

It was impossible for Zhao Hai to finish a three catty heavy radish by himself. He only ate half before stopping. But a strange thing happened. Zhao Hai felt as if there was a warm current in his belly, his whole body brimming with strength, not a bit of tiredness.

Zhao Hai stared blankly, something like this had never happened before. It seemed as if he hadn’t eaten a radish, but a stimulant, how come? Could it be this was ginseng instead of radish?

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help touching his nose, afraid he would have a nosebleed. But he discovered his nose was still clean, without any blood.

Zhao Hai laughed mockingly at himself. He was originally someone who indulged in flights of fancy, that’s why he frequently came up with notions that were ridiculous to others.

But he could still be sure that it wasn’t any illusion, because right now he still felt energetic, his eyes spirited, without a bit of sleepiness.

Such circumstances were a bit abnormal. He learned from Adam’s memories that he had drunk the Water of Nothingness. Even though it was said drinking the Water of Nothingness didn’t have any effect on people who hadn’t studied magic or battle qi, it would still make people feel very tired. Even relying on physical strength to become a warrior was impossible, so how could he feel such unending strength? There was only one possible cause for such a feeling: that radish.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help having even higher expectations of this radish. He at once put the radish away in the spatial barn, preparing to wait until he could go ask Green what this radish was.

Looking at the sky outside, it had already begun to grow light. But it was still very early, and everyone still hadn’t gotten up. Zhao Hai wasn’t shameless enough to go call them out either, but staying idly in the room was also too boring. So Zhao Hai slowly walked outside, thinking to properly take a look at his castle.

Leaving the keep, he slowly walked forwards, after passing a small courtyard, he was finally outside. The buildings outside the keep were extremely simple, paved with limestone, row after row of stone houses, behind which was a city wall. The wall was very high, more than ten meters. Walking over to the wall for a look, he discovered it was also very thick, close to four meters. The city gate was properly made from pig iron, four meters tall and sealed with a giant iron bolt. Above the city gate was a cranking mechanism, presumably for pulling open that iron bolt.

This mechanism was extremely clever, as long as you cranked the handle below the gate, the machinery above would turn, driving the iron gate bolt to seal the city gate, and the same when opening it.

Zhao Hai nodded, he hadn’t thought that this world’s engineering would already be at such a level. Looking all around again, without discovering anything. Besides the large pile of supplies still in the square, there was basically nothing else.

Looking at those supplies, Zhao Hai couldn’t help smiling wryly. It seemed Green really didn’t have the makings of a businessman, exchanging all their gold for these things. Could it be they didn’t know that gold could give birth to gold, whereas these things would run out one day?

It seemed Green wanted to turn this place into an isolated manor. Though when thinking about it, he had acted correctly. If it was that original Adam instead of the transmigrated Zhao Hai, he might be able to live a bit longer if he lived here. If he had the money to go running around outside, he would die very quickly.

Turning to the stone stairs next to the city gate, he slowly climbed onto the wall. These walls were made entirely from a kind of ash grey rock, and seemed extremely robust. The surface was also conserved very intact, and the battlements extremely tidy. There was basically no need for repair. On the four corners of the city wall rose archer towers that could protect the walls in all directions.

Zhao Hai turned his head to look inside the city walls. The inner keep walls were even a bit higher than the outer defenses, and there were a few arrow towers on top of those as well. It seemed this castle’s defensive capability really wasn’t hidden.

Turning around to look outside the city walls, there was a five meter wide moat. The water in the moat was very clear, it was apparently running water. Over the moat was a five meter wide drawbridge, suspended by arm thick iron chains, exceptionally heavy. The drawbridge was a giant iron frame, covered with wooden boards. The boards were very new, at one look one could tell they were newly replaced.

Starting from the city gate was a perfectly straight main road, also paved with stone, he didn’t know how far it stretched. It also didn’t seem to have been used in a very long time, and weeds grew everywhere.

Zhao Hai knew that this castle had been abandoned for countless years, and that was the road they came by. He believed that nobody would be leaving the castle for several months, and so that road would seem to stay that way.

Besides this road, everything outside the castle was black soil, on which not even a blade of grass grew. It seemed desolate, with a deathly stillness.

By this time the sun had already risen, the golden sunshine illuminating Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai stood on the city wall with his hands behind his back, looking at the just rising sun, and couldn’t help a heroic feeling, laughing out loud: “Fine, this castle, all of this is mine. Even if I’m just setting out here, just like the now rising sun, morning and evening have only one sky, I will let this sun illuminate all the land!”

Zhao Hai didn’t discover that, at some point, Green and the others had already gotten up, all of them standing below the walls, silently watching Zhao Hai standing on the walls, draped in golden light like a divinity, their eyes flickering with light.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 10




Chapter 10



Zhao Hai only calmed down when the sun had completely left the horizon. Yes, this was the first sunrise he saw in the other world. That magnificent scenery made him carefree and relaxed, giving him a grand heroic feeling, and so he couldn’t help saying that.

When Zhao Hai turned around, he discovered Green and the others standing below the wall, and behind them were also those one hundred slaves. It seemed that these slaves had all passed careful selection, half men and half women, and all very robust, without illnesses. They had now also made themselves presentable, their clothes very neat. Only the men showed the brand on their foreheads, a wild dragon baring its claws and fangs, the crest of the Buda clan, inspired by the battle qi handed down in their family.

Green saw Zhao Hai looking at them, and he immediately bowed, calling out: “Young master, the Buda clan’s glory will definitely illuminate all the land, young master please command us.” When he finished, the slaves behind him all knelt as one, tapping their foreheads on the ground, not one daring to look up at Zhao Hai.

In his old world, Zhao Hai was a common nerd. Seeing a scene like this, he stood there dumbfounded, bewildered, really not knowing what to say.

Slowly calming down after long while, he looked at Green and the others still bowing, and promptly said: “Grandpa Green, all of you stand up, and the others as well. We’ve come to a place like this, a place without anything, no soil to till, no ore in the mountains, all we have is this abandoned castle for shelter, and all of you. At the same time we have a common name, Buda, whether you are willing or not, you all have the brand of the Buda clan, you are already the Buda clan’s people. The Buda clan is necessary for your existence, if the clan disappears, you disappear, this is an inalienable fact. Yes, right now we have nothing but our two hands. Everything in this world has been created by human hands, and with our hands, we will not starve, we will make our lives better. The majority among you are slaves, you will believe that living better or not isn’t related to you, because no matter how good life is, you are still slaves. But I will tell you today, that as long as you work hard, your children will not be slaves. There will perhaps be a day when they can enter the Buda clan’s troops, becoming glorious warriors. If they do well, they might become knights, nobles. I will ask you to do your best, and I will also give you the best. As long as you work hard, I, Adam Buda, swear by the honor of my clan, that I will definitely fulfill my promise today!”

A slight disturbance rose from among those slaves. In fact, before those slaves were bought, they had all received special training. When the master gave commands, they were not allowed to move, even if the master was just farting they still had to endure, a disturbance like this shouldn’t appear.

But Zhao Hai’s words really were too shocking, there had never before been a noble on the continent that would turn slaves into ordinary people. If you were made a slave, then you would be slaves for generations, your descendants would all be slaves, this never changed.

If Zhao Hai only spoke emptily, these slaves wouldn’t believe it, but Zhao Hai swore on the honor of the Buda clan. In fact, nobles on the Ark continent didn’t easily make vows, and even if they did they wouldn’t swear on the honor of their clan, that was what nobles valued the most. As long as they swore on the honor of their clan, they would definitely accomplish it. In other words, what Zhao Hai said, was all true!

What did slaves wish for the most? That was to one day become ordinary people, to be able to regain their freedom, to let their posterity not have to suffer the hardships of slavery. For this reason a lot of slaves resi





sted, they rebelled, revolted, but were very soon suppressed by those nobles, because they were only slaves, they had no weapons, they had no armor, they knew no battle qi. Under such circumstances, it was impossible for them to beat those armed to the teeth noble troops.

But now Zhao Hai was telling them, you don’t need to resist, as long as you work hard, as long as you contribute to the Buda clan, you can all be normal people. To these slaves, this was really like a dream.

It was necessary for slaved to work hard, because if they didn’t and were discovered, they would be put to death. Even if they weren’t, the would at least suffer the harshest penalties. Therefore they didn’t dare slack off. But now someone was telling them, as long as you work hard, I can give you what you want the most, this was too great a shock to them.

Green and the others stared blankly. They hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would say something like this. Frankly, Green didn’t quite agree with what Zhao Hai said, because those slaves working hard was compulsory. Moreover, there was no noble on the continent that would free slaves, there were too many things involved.

But now Zhao Hai had already said it, and he had no way to object, he could only wait until they had returned to the inner keep to properly talk it over.

Looking over the people below, Zhao Hai also knew that they would react like this. From Adam’s memories he learned about the position of these slaves. It was just because he knew this bit that he used what they wanted to most to coerce them.

Human ingenuity was boundless, as long as they wished it, it would be difficult to imagine the energy they could display. And right now was when Zhao Hai needed just such an energy from them, that’s why he did what he did.

Zhao Hai was quite satisfied with their reaction, and continued: “You can think of all kinds of ways. As long as it benefits the Buda clan, or is something that can improve our lives, something useful, you can take it to manager Green. As long as I recognize that what you have is useful, is good, I will record your contribution. As long as your contribution reaches a certain level, you can become commoners. Even if you don’t, as long as you strive for it, as long as you make a good showing, you can gain some contribution, and as long as this contribution accumulates to a certain level, you can become commoners, become children of our Buda clan, of this Black Waste.”

Those slaves became even more excited. They now viewed Zhao Hai simply like a god, because only a god would be so benevolent. All the slaves unexpectedly erupted with an air of grandeur, an air that made even eighth level warrior Green standing in front feel somewhat fearful.

Green turned to look at those slaves. He discovered that they all seemed to have gained something. When he had looked at these slaves before, he had always thought that they seemed lifeless, like rocks, but now they were like people, with a vigor, an energy.

Green’s heart shook. He suddenly understood Zhao Hai’s manner of handling things. If the Buda clan was to develop, relying on a hundred dead slaves was impossible. But if it was a hundred people brimming with enthusiasm, then that was something completely different. Green didn’t know what a hundred people with such enthusiasm could bring about, but he was very clear about what one hundred slaves could do. Green heaved a long sigh, his face revealing a true smile. At the same time he also gained a trace of determination, he believed the Buda clan would have a chance to rise again.

Zhao Hai also sensed the change in the slaves. He smiled slightly, aware that his words were useful. Therefore he at once said: “Good, you go take care of your work. First sort out these supplies, tomorrow there will be new tasks for you.” Those slaves answered, and walked towards those supplies with quick steps. Their steps seemed a lot more energetic than before, brimming with enthusiasm.

Zhao Hai nodded with satisfaction, coming down off the wall he slowly walked over to Green, saying: “Grandpa Green, let’s return. I have something to ask you.”

Green responded, leading Meirin and the others after Zhao Hai back to the inner keep. Looking at Zhao Hai’s back, Green knew that Zhao Hai truly had changed, he wasn’t that young master Adam from before who only knew how to make trouble, he was now the head of the Buda clan, a true head.

The group very soon arrived at the dining room in the keep. After sitting down, Zhao Hai turned his hand, the half eaten radish from before appearing. He placed the radish on the table, turning to Green: “Grandpa Green, do you know what this is?”

Green didn’t speak. Zhao Hai looked strangely at Green, discovering the old man was distractedly staring at his hand. He also knew why Green would make such an expression, because of his motion for taking out the radish just now.

This world had spatial magic, only spatial magic was extremely difficult to learn. Moreover, the requirements were extremely pitiless, and so few people went to learn it. Even though there were some spatial tools that could be used for storage, using them required energy, whether magic or battle qi, as long as you had energy you could open them. But a person that had drunk the Water of Nothingness couldn’t open a spatial tool even if he had one, let alone when he didn’t.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly: “Grandpa Green, do you see what this is?”

Green returned to his senses, excitedly standing up: “Young master, just now you? Just now you……”

Zhao Hai waved his hand: “It’s nothing, I just accidentally obtained some ability. It’s fine if you know, but don’t spread it around. Do you know this thing?”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 11




Chapter 11



Green had lived in the imperial capital his whole life, what great spectacles hadn’t he seen? He at once returned to his senses, but still didn’t look at the thing on the table, rather looking at Zhao hai with light flickering in his eyes: “Young master, you can use magic?”

Zhao Hai shook his head: “I can’t use magic. You know, anyone who has drunk the Water of Nothingness will be unable use magic. This is just an ability, it has no offensive ability, it can only let me store some things.”

Green nodded, slightly disappointed, then finally turned his head to the table. Seeing the radish on the table, he couldn’t help staring blankly, at once grabbing it and looking it over. Smelling it again and again, he finally took a bite, nodded, placed the radish back on the table and turned to look at Zhao Hai: “Young master, this is a magic weed turnip, a very common magic vegetable.”

Zhao Hai looked distracted: “What’s magic vegetables? Don’t tell me there are still other vegetables?”

Green nodded: “Yes, young master, the vegetables on the Ark continent are divided into two kinds, one is common vegetables, such vegetables are ordinarily eaten by commoners or slaves, and nobles generally all eat magic vegetables. Such vegetables all contain some magic energy, and can only be grown on especially good land, and still need people to nurse them very carefully. Magic radish is a kind of such magic vegetables, but they’re the most common, the current market value is around one silver coin per catty.”

Zhao Hai swiftly calculated in his mind. Right now he had eighty thousand catty of radish, one silver per catty, that was still eighty thousand silver, exchanged for gold it would be eight thousand. This was a lot more than selling in the space, where they could be sold for five hundred gold, a little more than six copper per catty. Referring to the purchasing power of this world and comparing to Earth, if he sold these radishes in the space, he would only get little more than six tenths of an RMB per catty, but if he sold it to the people here, he could get ten RMB per catty, a difference of close to twenty times. Even idiots knew how to do this business.

At this time Green picked up that radish again: “But this magic radish is a bit strange, I’ve never seen such a large magic radish on the continent, and the taste is a lot stronger than magic radish. Young master, where did you get this thing?”

Zhao Hai didn’t answer, he only continued: “Then does Blue Eyed Rabbits eat the leaves of these things? When we buy magic radish, do we buy it with the leaves?”

Green shook his head: “If we were to buy this magic radish, we wouldn’t want the leaves. The leaves of this thing don’t taste good. But it’s still food that Blue Eyed Rabbits are extremely fond of. Why do you ask, young master?”

Zhao Hai stood up, pacing two laps with a happy expression: “The Heavens haven’t forsaken me, the Heavens haven’t forsaken me, hah, too good, with this thing, I can start a pasture.”

Green looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance, and felt a burst of fear. He didn’t know what was up with Zhao Hai, and thought he had gone insane, promptly saying: “Young master, young master, what is it? Don’t scare an old man.”

Zhao Hai returned to his senses, looking at Green and laughing: “Don’t be scared, grandpa Green. I’m only too excited. Oh, right, grandpa Green, let me ask you, is this magic radish easy to sell?”

Green saw that Zhao Hai was alright and was relieved, at once nodding: “Easily, right now there are no major conflicts on the continent, and people have a lot of income. A lot of commoners will also buy some magic radish to eat, and magic





radish is the cheapest magic vegetable, so a lot of people buy it.”

Zhao Hai nodded, sitting down and having Green sit down as well: “Grandpa Green, right now I have eighty thousand catty of this magic radish on hand, think of a means to sell it, it doesn’t matter if it’s a bit cheap, but it has to be sold as quickly as possible. Afterwards buy some Blue Eyed Rabbits, the more the better. The mountain we’re living on has a lot of abandoned dwarven mines, we can turn those mines into Blue Eyed Rabbit warrens, then we can have a stable income later.”

Green stared blankly, standing with an agitated expression: “Young master, you say you have eighty thousand catty of magic radish? How come you have so much magic radish?”

Zhao Hai shook his head: “Don’t mind that for now, implement this as soon as possible. Moreover, find a big buyer and tell him that the magic radish I have on hand is eighty thousand every two days, as much as he wants is fine.”

Green stammered. “Young master, are you telling the truth? You really have that much magic radish? From where?”

Zhao Hai smiled: “Don’t worry about it, as long as you carry this out it’s fine. You have to be quick, but also low key. Don’t let people discover that we’re selling these things. Can you do it?”

Green calmed down. Even though he didn’t know from where Zhao Hai was getting these radishes, he thought it definitely had to be related to that ability Zhao Hai obtained, and so he at once said: “Don’t worry, young master. That much this old man can still accomplish. I’ll start making arrangements at once.”

Zhao Hai nodded, calling after the departing Green: “Grandpa Green, have those slaves not worry about those supplies and put those mines in order at once, we have to put them in order as soon as possible. We will raise a lot of Blue Eyed Rabbits, I will deal with those supplies, no need to worry.”

Green’s eyes flashed, with a new understanding of Zhao Hai’s ability. Even though Zhao Hai said that his ability didn’t have any attack power, just his ability to store so many things, and to provide such quantities of magic radish, it was already astonishing.

Green nodded at once: “Don’t worry, young master, I will arrange it. Blockhead, Rockhead, from now on, you have to closely protect the young master step by step. I will leave for a few days. Meirin, Meg, you see to those slaves, you have to have them follow the young master’s orders in the shortest time possible, understood?”

At this moment, Green finally displayed the dignity and skill of a great butler of a grand noble house, arranging the most important things in the shortest possible time, first seeing to Zhao Hai’s safety, second starting the main focus of the work, third doing outside to sell the radishes. Moreover, very clearly, this third matter he would handle himself.

Meirin and the others were just listening numbly. They really hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would actually have such a secret. Now being called out to by Green, they returned to their senses and replied, Green then quickly stepping outside.

Zhao Hai looked at Green’s departing figure and nodded. It seemed Green wasn’t someone who didn’t understand. Spending all their money before coming to the Black Waste might be because of the reason he guessed, to keep Adam from having money to spend and could only honestly stay here. But now it seemed that he wouldn’t be so anxious.

Meirin watched Green leave, then turned to Zhao Hai: “Young master, are you hungry? You haven’t eaten a it all morning. I’ll at once get something ready for you.” Finished speaking, she walked towards the kitchen.

Zhao Hai hastily said: “Grandma meirin, it’s alright, I ate half a magic radish earlier, and I’m still full, I can’t eat anything.”

Meirin promptly shook her head: “How is that alright, how could you be full eating nothing but such a thing. Young master wait a moment, I’ll fix something up at once, it’ll be done very quickly.”

Zhao Hai saw he couldn’t block her, and promptly said: “Grandma Meirin, take this magic radish to the kitchen and use it for cooking.”

Meiring replied, then took that half radish and entered the kitchen. But meg stood next to Zhao Hai, and Blockhead and Rockhead stood behind him to his left and right.

Zhao Hai looked at all of them, and couldn’t help smiling wryly. He knew that right now Blockhead and Rockhead wouldn’t listen to anything he said. Those two had very inflexible minds, and right now they only listened to Green, so he didn’t say anything to them, only turning to Meg: “Meg, bring me some keja, I’m a bit thirsty.”

Meg replied, then turned and left for the kitchen. But when she walked behind Zhao Hai she still stealthily glanced at him, then quickly left.

Zhao Hai sat there bored senseless. Right now there could be said to be too few people in the castle to talk to, only Green and the others. It was still impossible for those slaves to carry a conversation with him, and if he went to them they would likely be scared. Consequently, Zhao Hai could only sit here alone.

Originally Zhao Hai thought to chat with Blockhead and Rockhead, but the two of them could both be classified as empty headed, there was basically no way to chat with them. So he could only set there being bored senseless by himself.

Fortunately Meg returned with a pot of keja before long, but after she had served Zhao Hai a cup, she again retreated back behind him, without saying a word. This made Zhao Hai depressed, but he still didn’t know what to say to her. Because of Adam’s previous indiscretions, Zhao Hai also felt extremely awkward when facing Meg.

Meiring really worked very quickly. Before long Zhao Hai’s breakfast was prepared. Almost the same as a western style breakfast from Earth, the breakfast Meirin made for Zhao Hai included bread, meat gruel, and a few fried eggs. These fried eggs were naturally not the same as chicken eggs on earth, but rather eggs from a kind of level one magic beast chicken on the Ark continent.

Zhao Hai turned to Meirin and the others: “Grandma Meirin, you all sit down and eat. After eating you still have a lot of work to do, there’s no need to keep me company.”

Meiring nodded, and didn’t object this time, because she knew that after eating, they really did have a lot of work to do. So Meirin and Meg again went into the kitchen for a few sets of breakfast, in addition to food for Blockhead and Rockhead as well.

After breakfast, Zhao Hai didn’t return to his room, but rather went to the first floor drawing room, sitting there drinking keja. He knew that Green would definitely come inform him once everything was in order, and so he didn’t worry.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 12




Chapter 12



Sure enough, Zhao Hai hadn’t been sitting for long when Green walked inside, bowing and saying: “Young master, I have put the family’s matters in order, I will set off shortly.”

Zhao Hai nodded: “No need to rush, it’s fine if you don’t worry. I have those things here, nothing will happen. Even keeping them for ten years wouldn’t be a problem. After you leave, you have to find a big client, then sign a long term contract with them. You must also remember that we will be breeding large amounts of Blue Eyed Rabbits, and this is also something that will go through them. If I guess correctly, after the shock of the magic radishes we have on hand, the market price will drop. This is something we have to be prepared for.”

Green nodded, and Zhao Hai indicated he sit to the side: “Grandpa Green, sit. I’m not comfortable having you stand like that. Sit, I still have a lot of things to tell you. Blockhead, go get grandpa Green some breakfast, let him eat here today.”

Blockhead glanced at Green. Green nodded, and Blockhead then turned towards the kitchen, and Green also sat down. Zhao Hai didn’t express any opinion about this, he was very clear about the character of the previous Adam. If not for Green always looking out for him before, Adam would have already died an unknown number of times, so he naturally wouldn’t envy Green’s authority now.

After Green sat down, Zhao Hai continued: “Grandpa Green, I’m also aware of our current circumstances, therefore I hope you will remember, low key, we have to stay low key. We’re in a place like this now. If we do something those grand nobles can’t stand, then we’re also finished. Consequently, we cannot let people know our relation to this deal.”

Green nodded, and Zhao Hai sighed: “Even if I don’t know why those grand nobles would let my Buda clan off, only sending us off to a place like this, but I know what we have is something they would definitely have misgivings about. If they wanted to deal with us, they would have to pay a very large price, but if we now let them learn that the Buda clan might have a chance to rise again, then regardless of the cost, they would definitely destroy us. That’s why we have to be low key now. Even though talking about being low key sounds cowardly, to let our Buda clan continue until the day we can rise again, we can only keep low key for now.”

Green’s eyes reddened, standing and bowing to Zhao Hai: “Don’t worry, young master, I will definitely handle this well.”

Zhao Hai nodded: “Don’t be like this, grandpa Green, sit down. You have to remember, the magic radishes are only the first step. For the next while I will experiment and see whether I can change the black soil outside into something that can be farmed, that would be even better. But we also need even more manpower, so you have to buy some more slaves through every channel you can. Regardless of race, as long as they’re useful, as long as they have skills, buy them all. Anyway, most people wouldn’t come over to look at us, but we still have to be careful.”

Green nodded. He discovered that the young master had changed. If it was the previous young master, then it would be impossible for him to think about this. The current change, to the Buda clan, was definitely a good thing.

Now Blockhead also returned to serve Green breakfast. Zhao Hai glanced at Green’s plate. Very simple, making Zhao Hai shake his head, turning to Green: “Grandpa Green, after the magic radishes are sold, first buy some Blue Eyed Rabbits, second buy some Long Tailed Chickens, third buy some Scaleless Fish. The castle moat is empty right now, and it seemed to me that it was running water, suitable for raising fish. First we won’t care about mak





ing money, we have to improve our own standard of living. When you go, don’t be afraid of how much magic radish they want, however much they want, we can supply. But I think a lot of people will be struck by us attacking the magic radish market like this, and they will definitely investigate. Therefore, no matter what, you absolutely cannot let them trace it back to us. Also, buy some books. Best is books related to flora and fauna on the continent, this will be of great use to us. Anyway, right now I can only think of these, you deal with the rest on your own. Oh, right, our current defensive strength is too little, you pay attention and buy some slaves with fighting strength if you can. But we’ll do it bit by bit, the first goal is to improve our lives.”

Green ate and listened to Zhao Hai, remembering what Zhao Hai said. These matters were also of varying degrees of importance, but they were all things he was capable of handling.

Before long, Green had finished eating and let Blockhead bring the tray to the kitchen. He stood and bowed to Zhao Hai: “Young master, I’m leaving. I won’t be present for a few days, if there’s anything, you make sure to speak to Meirin. Young master, you must look after yourself well. You are the last hope of the Buda clan, if anything happens to you, I won’t be able to face the late old master.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly: “Don’t worry, grandpa Green. I know what to do. I also won’t be as wilful as before. Leave quickly and return soon, as long as everything is handled. Oh, right, transporting our magic radishes is a big problem. If I wait until after you’ve settled things and then deliver them personally, that would draw less attention, what do you say?”

Green pondered: “Let’s leave this matter for when I have made the arrangements. Don’t worry, young master, I will take care of everything.”

Zhao Hai nodded, looking at Green, then suddenly bowed to him: “Grandpa Green, I thank you on behalf of the Buda clan. From today on, you are my family.”

Green’s eyes reddened, but he accepted Zhao Hai’s respect, facing upwards and laughing: “Old master, esteemed master, did you see, the young master has grown up, the young master is thoughtful, the Buda clan has hope. Even if I have to stake these old bones, I will make the Buda clan flourish.” Answering Zhao Hai’s salute, he turned and left. But now Green didn’t have the air of a servant, but with heroic spirit soaring towards the sky, displaying the might of an eighth level warrior.

Zhao Hai looked at Green’s departing back, smiling slightly, the turned and walked towards his own room. Zhao Hai knew that making other people accustomed to his changes would take some time. Right now his display was already very eye-catching. He should be a bit well behaved. Anyway, matters of the house had already been settled by Green, and the remainder was for Meirin and Meg to see to, no need for his involvement. He’d return to his room and go take a look at the farm, there he could settle down and relax.

But Blockhead and Rockhead, those two inflexible fellows, followed behind him like a pair of ghosts, following regardless of anything, thoroughly implementing Green’s orders, leaving Zhao Hai helpless.

Zhao Hai still didn’t want to let Green and the others know too much about the spatial farm, but with Blockhead and Rockhead so inflexible, making them understand that might be impossible.

Entering his room, Zhao Hai turned to speak to Blockhead and Rockhead: “Blockhead, Rockhead, you return to your rooms, I want to rest a while. There’s nothing happening in the castle anyway, you don’t need to worry.

The two shook their heads simultaneously, saying nothing, and Zhao Hai impatiently said: “I will rest, you go help grandma Meirin?”

Headshake!

“I’m going to rest, you can’t always stand by my bedside? Go stand outside the door!”

Headshake!

“I’m the young master, you two get out of here!”

Headshake!

“Big brothers, see it as me begging you, give me a bit of space, be a bit charitable and go out.”

　　……

Zhao Hai looked at the two and really didn’t have any means, he could only say: “Blockhead, Rockhead, I know you two were raised by my father from childhood, absolutely loyal to the Buda clan, but the place I’m about to go relates to the future development of the Buda clan. Therefore, it’s best if you don’t follow. If you do you won’t be able to keep up. So, in a moment, if I suddenly disappear, don’t worry, and don’t shout either, okay?”

Zhao Hai just finished speaking when the two brothers reached out and grabbed the twin large swords on their backs, holding them across their necks with a look of ‘if you don’t let us follow we will die’.

Zhao Hai facepalmed. Running into such inflexible people really gave him a frightening headache. But he could do nothing. Looking at Blockhead and Rockhead, he knew that if he really didn’t let them follow him, they really could kill themselves. These were part of a small number of people absolutely loyal to the Buda clan, how could he let them die?

But if he brought them into the space, then they would also know the secrets of that space. Zhao Hai still really was a bit unwilling.

But Zhao Hai still hadn’t completely figured out the space yet, and the seeds had been planted when the sky still wasn’t light, whereas now it was already bright, and he didn’t know how they had grown. He wanted to go take a look, if the radishes were ripe, he could collect them, that was money.

Most importantly was that Zhao Hai still wanted to take a look at whether he could bring the spatial water and soil outside. The spatial soil and water could transform land, and if he really could transform land, then perhaps the black soil outside could be made fertile, and that was what Zhao Hai needed the most right now.

While Zhao Hai was weighing the pros and cons, Blockhead and Rockhead never put their swords down. The two were rigidly staring at Zhao Hai, afraid he would disappear.

Aftera long while, Zhao Hai returned to his senses. Looking over the two, he smiled wryly: “Fine, you follow as well. But what you see today, you absolutely can’t speak of outside. If you do, you can at most only tell grandpa Green, grandma Meirin, and Meg. Those three people. You can’t tell anyone else. You can’t even talk about it in your sleep.

The two nodded simultaneously, but their swords didn’t leave their hands.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 13




Chapter 13





Chapter 13 - Mood Changes



Zhao looked at the two, but they stayed silent with their swords on their necks, so he didn't want to deceive them. It seemed like the only thing he could do was allow the two of them to follow him into the spatial farm. It was bound to happen. Sooner or later, he would have had to let his family know about the space.



Zhao smiled. "Okay, put down your swords. I'll let you come with me. Ready to go?" Before the two could say anything, the three figures instantly disappeared and in the next moment they were at the farm.



Rockhead's and Blockhead's eyes opened wide as they looked around them. It seemed like out of nowhere a barn, a thatched hut, and a field of radishes magically appeared in front of them. Zhao saw that the two were still holding their swords against their necks, and so he patted their shoulders. "Isn't it about time you put down your swords?"



Recovering from everything they were seeing, Rockhead and Blockhead actually put down their swords, not daring to go against Zhao's words, which now seemed sacred and worthy of respect. Zhao also felt this change in them and he thought that they were now finally regarding him as a master. But he didn't think too carefully about it.



He looked at the growing radishes and everything else, but there was no change. He remembered when he played the game, from time to time, it would automatically refresh with weeds and insects. Those enemies of crops were the reason Zhao came back to check. Fortunately, the ground did not grow these things. Although the farm gave him prompts on when the radishes would ripen, it did not tell him things like when the weeds would grow or when the insects would appear. Right now what he needed was money. He only had two hundred gold coins at the moment and the radishes would be a good source of money, so he had to make sure that the radishes were okay.



Rockhead and Blockhead were still at Zhao's side, but now they were somewhat pale. Originally, they had only listened to Green, but after coming here, Zhao's status in their hearts was now higher than Green's. It was precisely because of this space that Zhao showed them. He was like a God and his commands were sacred. Therefore, Rockhead and Blockhead would have such thoughts.



But Zhao didn't realize this. He just carefully checked the space to see if there had been any changes. Nope, absolutely no change. Everything was normal. Although he did level up, except for the seeds, he didn't get anything. But he wasn't disappointed. Although he couldn't rest until he made more money, he still had a crop of radishes. If Green takes too long to come back, he could still sell these radishes in the spatial farm and make a little money that way. Zhao's understanding of vegetables in this world was too small. He didn't know which vegetables could be easily sold. If he just randomly grew a bunch of crops, there's a chance that no one would buy them, making it difficult to earn money. So he didn't grow anything for now.



Radishes were a good seller in this world. So he stuck with radishes since they were the safest approach. Zhao had to be careful. He couldn't make any wrong moves. It was not only his life that would be affected, but the entire future of the Buda clan. Zhao clearly knew that he didn't just inherit Adam's body, but he also inherited this family and now he was responsible for it. Right now all he wanted was stability, while being low key about it. One wrong step and their lives would be over.



Seeing that the space hadn't changed, Zhao nodded and stood up. He turned to Blockhead and Rockhead and said, "Well, there's nothing. Let's go out."



Both of them followed Zhao's lead, naturally not opposed to





his orders. "Yes, sir."



Zhao looked at the two men and could not help but be curious, but he didn't find anything strange. Followed by the two, he left the spatial farm and went back to his room.



Looking around, he saw that the door was shut. No one had come inside. Zhao was relieved. He turned to Blockhead and Rockhead. "Come on, we're going outside the castle. I want to check out the land of the Black Waste and the moat." He led the two out. In the past, Blockhead and Rockhead would have stopped him because Green would not have let Zhao leave the castle, but now they didn't say anything and instead just silently followed behind him.



The three arrived at the castle square where they found arranged piles of supplies which had been organized by the slaves before. Taking this opportunity to experiment, Zhao placed some of the supplies inside his spatial barn and was happy to discover that the barn would give him a prompt on how the supplies were classified and the number of supplies inside. Zhao even discovered that, in fact, he did not need to go into the space itself to control everything. When he wanted to see something, a screen would project itself in front of him, and it seemed like Blockhead and Rockhead couldn't see it. This screen was very conveinent.



While the three walked out of the castle's main entrance, Meirin and Meg were watching over the slaves who were working on their tasks at the abandoned mine. But even if they weren't watching, the slaves would not have been lazy because Zhao gave them a goal. As long as they try, sooner or later they would no longer be a slave, which for them was the biggest motivation. Meirin and Meg found that these slaves were particularly energetic today. Every person seemed to be working at full strength. A task that originally would have taken an hour to finish, now only needed just half an hour.



Zhao did not go to the mines. He believed that the slaves would work hard so there was no reason to go over there and see. The first place he headed to was the moat. The moat wasn't very wide, but he could see that the construction was good. The entire river had a stone base, and although no one had lived here for many years, the river was still very clear. From what he could see, there were two sources of water that allowed the moat to refill itself. One was an area of spring water, while the other was from an underground stream that came from the mountains. It was strange that the mountains had a subterranean stream which flowed into the moat, but this gave them clear running water. So it might be possible to raise fish. The real problem was that the moat was connected to an outlet which would drain the water away. In that case, then they would have to make some changes to the castle's drainage system, which would mean renovating the moat as well. The issues just keeps on piling up. Zhao frowned and noted it down for later.



He then went over to the Black Waste. If these black lands could be modified, then there's a lot work to be done there as well, such as farming, irrigation, and harvesting. Farming seems simple, but when actually trying to grow anything good it is incredibly difficult. Although Zhao had never planted anything before, he still had some understanding of farming. Countries place a lot of importance in agriculture. Back on Earth, there would be news about farming, including mentioning the need for water conservancy during periods of droughts. These kind of messages can be heard every year. But in this world, he didn't know if there were even such things as water conservancy facilities around. Everything he knew about this world came from Adam, and there was nothing in Adam's memories about farming.



Zhao led Blockhead and Rockhead towards a piece of black land not far from the castle. He then squatted down and grabbed a handful of soil.



Zhao used to live in the northern oil city of China where there was a lot of black soil called oil sand. The oil sand was like sand laced with oil, giving it a black hue. When he touched the soil here, it felt like the oil sand from his old world. He could not stop his heart from sinking. If this was really oil sand, then it was all over. He knew how infertile oil sand could be. He wished that this soil only coincidentally felt like oil sand.



Zhao turned to Blockhead. "Blockhead, dig out some of the soil so I can research it after we go back." Obeying his orders, Blockhead immediately took out his sword and used it to dig up the ground. After he dug up a decent enough pile, Zhao told him to stop, and with a wave of his hand the black soil was moved into the spatial barn, stored there for later research.



After storing the soil, Zhao looked at the large Black Waste and could not help but sigh. He really hoped that his spatial water and earth could transform the land here. Otherwise, if they wanted to develop this land it would be next to impossible.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 14




Chapter 14





Chap 14 - Heaven and Earth



Zhao led Blockhead and Rockhead towards Meirin and Meg to check out the mines.



There had been many places mined by the dwarves. Almost the whole mountain had been hollowed out. But with the mountain's peculiar structure, combined with the many years of dwarven mining experience, everything was sturdily built. There were no dangers of landslides or cave ins.



Meirin and Meg, much like Green, have always been in service to the Buda clan so doing something like watching over the slaves wasn't a problem. Those slaves, with the hope of restoring their freedom with Zhao's promises, were very energetic and simply did not need anyone watching over them.



In the mines, the slaves discovered that within the first few meters there was an opening to what seemed to be a residential area consisting of open spaces and caves. It was a tidy place and it seemed like those dwarves must have built these mines to live in for many years, so the design was almost like a small city near a source of water. There were some drainage facilities, plenty of spacious areas, and some holes close by that could be used for storage. However, you couldn't go too deep into the mines because the tunnels would eventually curve down, leading you to caverns that have been flooded with water. But just outside of that was a nice area that could be used to raise a lot of blue eyed rabbits. The space was big enough to keep tens of thousands of them without a problem.



Although the entire Iron Mountain wasn't very tall, only about a thousand meters above sea level, surrounding it in a semi-circular formation was the Black Waste, which stretched for thousands of miles. And behind the Iron Mountain was a notoriously fierce area known as the carrion swamp, which was one of the continent's five forbidden lands. The mountain terrain was dark brown. There were some piles of weeds growing here and there but they all looked like they were near death. There were also some crooked trees growing around that had a malnourished look to them.



Seeing all of this, Zhao sighed, knowing why those nobles exiled them here. Even though those nobles didn't execute them with an immediate death, in a place like this death would have come sooner or later. The only thing Green could do before they were sent here was to clear away their entire family's wealth in exchange for some supplies and slaves, which those nobles allowed him to do because thinking that a few supplies could help restart the Buda clan was tantamount to nonsense.



Zhao walked quickly and arrived at the mines, but since Meirin and Meg were busy watching and directing the slaves, they did not notice his arrival.



Although these mines were built by dwarves, the openings were very large, a full three meters high and five meters wide. It was big enough for people to move around and live in without a problem. Zhao was in shock. He did not expect that the dwarves could create such an amazing underground city.



Looking inside the mines lined with stone arches, Zhao nodded involuntarily. It was a very good place. As long as they made some modifications, it could be used to raise the blue eyed rabbits or be turned into a secret base. But that would require time, so he noted it down for later.



Just then, Meirin saw Zhao and quickly came over. "Master, why are you here? This place is very dirty. You should go back to the castle."



"I'm just here to check out the mines. Grandma Meirin, how many caves in this mountain lead to the mines?"



Meirin thought about it. "Such a big mountain has only two main caves. One on the side facing the castle and the other is on the other side of the mountain. The rest are just a few dozen small tunnels."



Zhao nodded. "Do these c





aves link up together? And how deep do the tunnels go? Do you think we could build a barricade so the blue eyed rabbits we'd raise would have no place to run?"



"Master worries too much. These caves were built by experienced dwarves to ensure the mountain would not collapse. They would not go around digging random tunnels. The only problem is that some of the tunnels lead to caves that are full of water. I don't know how deep the water is, so it's a dead end. But those caves won't be a problem. You can rest assured that this place has a lot of uses for Master."



"That's good." Zhao smiled. "We do not need to worry about the cave on the other side of the mountain. We'll just focus on repairing this one. With the water, the blue eyed rabbits won't be able to run that way, but we do need to do something to prevent them from drowning."



"Master shouldn't worry. I know what to do. This isn't a place for Master to be. You should still go back."



"I'm not worrying, Grandma Meirin. But I still want to see one of the tunnels that lead to the water."



Meirin nodded. "Fine, I can lead you there. After all, I am a Water Mage. The water is still very understanding. I believe I can help, Master."



Zhao smiled. "Well, then there is nothing to worry about, although Grandma Meirin shouldn't work too hard. I'll walk with you." They moved around inside the mines. Blockhead and Rockhead followed behind Meirin and Zhao, but Meg did not go with them. She was left behind to watch over the slaves.



The four walked through the mine tunnels until it slightly skewed downwards. The sloped tunnels led them down a few hundred meters until they made it to the subterranean lake. In the darkness, they could not see it, but they could still hear the faint sound of waves.



Suddenly a burst of light lit up around them. Zhao glanced sideways and saw that Meirin was holding a ball of bright light in her hands. At first he thought it was a lamp, but he soon realized it was magic. From Adam's memories, he learned that this was a basic lighting technique. It had no attack, defensive, or healing properties. It only makes light. Practically every magician on the continent, including those at the weakest levels, knows this magic because this magical lighting technique was easy to learn and had no restrictions on learning it.



Zhao looked around and saw the underground lake with the help of the magical light. With such a large body of water, it was not wrong to describe it as a lake. Looking closely, there were several small islands breaking the surface. The islands weren't big, only a few dozen square meters. And attached to the islands, like they had taken root there, were pillars.



Zhao was puzzled. "Grandma Meirin, what's with the pillars?"



Meirin smiled and said, "Those pillars were made to support the entire mountain. You see, this place was completely hollowed out by the dwarves, which eventually resulted in this lake."



Zhao's eyes lit up, then he laughed. "Great, this is great! So we can raise a lot of fish here. This is a natural treasure."



Meirin looked around. "Young master's ideas are good. If the water was stagnant, then there would be no way to raise fish here. It seems like the water is flowing. I can feel it. The water element it still very active here. But the source of the water is a problem. If there is a flow in the water, then there must be an outlet, otherwise the water could not have been maintained at this level. So if the water is flowing somewhere else, then no matter how many fish we raise, they would likely swim away down the outlet."



Zhao nodded. "Yes, that is a big problem. But I also found that same problem in the moat. It seems like it is connected. With this, we might be able to solve this problem." He then turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, can you please gather some water? I want to use it for some research."



Meirin did not know what Zhao meant by research, but she did what he asked. With a few hand gestures, a large water bubble about one diameter in size rose from the lake and floated in front of Zhao.



Zhao's heart sighed at how amazing magic was, but he didn't stay idle. With only a thought, the water bubble entered his barn space. After checking around, he made sure the water bubble could really be kept inside. Zhao couldn't help but be excited. The spatial barn was really amazing. Even a large bubble of water could be stored there.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 15




Chapter 15





Chapter 15 - Level Up



Meirin was speechless, but Zhao did not realize how surprised she was.



Meirin was an eighth level water mage. On the Ark Continent, a mage was divided into ten levels. One to Three were just apprentices. Four and Five were Low-Leveled Mages, Six and Seven were Intermediate Mages, while Eight and Nine were called Advanced Mages. And Ten was a level that only existed in legends.



For most people who have a talent for magic, they would only end up in the first five levels. A lucky few might even become Intermediate Mages. However, only one percent of all the magicians in the Continent would end up as an Advanced Mage. That was a one in a million chance! With such a ratio, the rare advanced mages were treated with respect. In fact, that was one of the reasons why the Buda clan was only exiled and not treated so ruthlessly by the King of the Aksu Empire. Meirin, who was loyal to the Buda clan, was an advanced mage.



As an eighth level water mage, Meirin was very sensitive to the magical elements. If someone within one kilometer from her used magic, she would be able to feel it.



In the Ark Continent, there is a type of magic called Space Magic. It was extremely rare to find a mage who was able to learn it, and among those who do learn space magic, if their level was not high, there would be no way for them to open up their own secluded space.



The Continent did have some magical items of the space attribute. These items were used to store things in a magical space. To make these types of items, you would need to become an advanced spatial mage, have access to certain strange materials, and create a secluded space which you would seal into the item, thus forming a spatial item. However, even an advanced space mage would only be capable of making five magical spatial items in their entire lifetime. So a spatial storage item was very rare and precious in the Continent.



Meirin knew that ever since Zhao drank the Water of Nothingness, it was impossible for him to learn magic, so he naturally could not be a mage. And when she saw the water bubble disappear, she did not feel any magical fluctuations. So there were only two possibilities. One was that somehow Zhao had magical powers that were on a higher level than Meirin's, and so was able to hide any magical fluctuations from her notice. But that was impossible because Zhao drank the Water of Nothingness. The only other possibility was that Zhao simply did not use magic or a magic item, otherwise Meirin would have felt it.



Zhao turned around and saw the look on Meirin's face. "Grandma Meirin, don't worry. In a few days I'll tell you all about how the gods gave me this ability." After awhile, Meirin just nodded her head and did not ask. As long as there was no danger to Zhao, this ability could be a good thing. Zhao looked at the water one last time and then said, "It's about time to go back. We'll wait until Grandpa Green's return before we continue with our plans."



Meirin nodded. "Master should go back. You do not need to worry about these things. Meg and I will take care of it."



"Okay. But Grandma Meirin shouldn't work too hard. The slaves could handle their tasks by themselves. It shouldn't be too difficult to clean up these caves before grandfather gets back."



"Master really grew up, being concerned for other people." Meirin smiled. "Don't worry, my old bones are still holding. Master should go back to the castle, and I'll cook you something to eat."



"Okay, I'll head back," Zhao said. Blockhead and Rockhead followed him out of the mines.



Meirin looked at Zhao's departing back and murmured, "Ancestors, I did not expect such a strong ability to be bes





towed on the young master. The Buda clan might rise again beyond all expectations."



Zhao led Blockhead and Rockhead back to the castle. He wanted to check out the black soil and that water bubble as soon as possible.



Once he was in his room, he turned to the two and said, "You two are not going with me. Stand out there and guard the door. If anyone comes, tell them I went to bed." Zhao was testing them to see if they would now listen to his orders. Ever since he had taken them to the spatial farm, their attitudes have changed, as if they were in awe of him. And so he wanted to see if the two would listen to him if he told them to stay.



They did not hesitate. "Yes, sir."



Zhao left Blockhead and Rockhead outside the door and closed it, leaving them to guard his room. Zhao didn't think those two would be so obedient, but this was a good thing, so he immediately entered his farm space.



While in the spatial farm, with a single thought, the pile of black soil appeared in front of him. The voice came immediately: [The discovery of new materials for soil variability has large amounts of harmful substances. It is possible to transform this soil with available spatial earth and water up to one mu per day. Due to the discovery of new materials, your level has risen to three. Spatial earth has also upgraded to level two. You are given two bags of corn seeds, with each bag able to fill one acre of farmland. With your higher level, the farm's growth rate has risen to elevenfold.]



Zhao felt a moment of joy. He did not expect to get a level up and two bags of corn seeds. Corn was very good with a very high yield. With corn they could almost solve all of their food problems. But the most important thing was that it was possible to transform the black soil with the spatial water and earth. This was great!



Even if he could only transform one mu of land per day, it was still amazing. However, even though he had risen up a level, the area of his spatial farm did not change. This was strange because in the past, when he played this game, the land would automatically become larger when his level rose.



While he thought about this, the voice echoed again. [Do you want to cultivate new land? Cultivating land has a requirement of being level three plus the cost of two hundred gold coins. You can expand your farm land by two acres.] [The next land cultivation will require you to be at level five and five hundred gold coins.]



Zhao was overjoyed, but then he realized the difficult decision he had to make. He only had two hundred gold coins left. If he cultivated new farm land, he would have no money to buy seeds. Of course, he could sell his radishes, but he was very reluctant to do that now. The result was he didn't immediately expand the land.



Instead, he took out a bag of corn seeds and gently poured them into his hand. They were large golden seeds, the finest he had ever seen. If they were to grow into ripe corn, they would taste amazing. Zhao suddenly froze for a moment as his brain flashed with an idea. He smacked his head. "Yes, ah, I forgot about how plants could make their own seeds, including radishes. If that's true, then I wouldn't need to buy anymore seeds." He laughed.



While holding the corn seeds, Zhao didn't cultivate any land just yet. Instead, he looked at the radishes. He honestly did not know if the crops he planted inside this space would be able to produce seeds. If this spatial farm was exactly like the game, then the plants wouldn't make any seeds, which would mean big trouble for him if he spent the last of his money to cultivate the land. He decided to wait for the radishes to mature first. If the radishes do produce seeds, he will immediately cultivate new farm land. If not, then his plans would be delayed.



Figuring this out, Zhao decided not to rush it. Instead, he took the water bubble out of the barn. The water bubble maintained its form in this space, which could be part of Zhao's ability. Outside of this space, he might not be able to do it, but it was possible within his spatial farm.



When the water bubble appeared, the voice appeared: [Discovery of new materials with good quality. Able to enhance spatial water. Because of the discovery of new materials, your level has risen to four. You will be rewarded with two wheat seed bags, with each bag able to fill one acre of land. Spatial water has also upgraded to level two. Can improve crop growth by doubling tenfold.]



Once he heard this prompt, Zhao could not help but laugh. I did not expect the two things I brought from outside would be able to let me expand my land if I wanted, gave me four bags of seeds, and also leveled up my spatial water and spatial earth. This was really great!





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 16




Chapter 16





Chapter 16 - Ratio



Zhao added the water bubble into the spatial water. It was not toxic and the quality was also good.



He then turned to the pile of black soil that had not been processed yet. The pile was half a meter high. He already knew he could now use the spatial earth and water to transform the black soil, but he did not rush it. He wanted to conduct some tests first to find the best way to rehabilitate the soil.



Looking at the pile of black soil, Zhao said, "Spade! Split this into ten equal parts."



Under Zhao's command, the shovel automatically divided the black soil into ten smaller piles. Zhao could not help but be delighted. It seemed like as long as it's within this space, everything would act according to his will. He then thought of something and decided to try it. "Space! Calculate the optimal ratio for the Black Soil Improvement."



[Can not be calculated!]



Zhao cursed loudly. "Looks like I can only rely on myself." The bucket filled itself with spatial water and then flew over to his side. He then picked up a small spade and started digging up the spatial earth.



The reason why he wanted to calculate the ratio was because he was afraid if he used too much of the spatial earth to improve the black soil, then the amount of spatial earth might decrease. He relied heavily on this spatial farm. If this space was destroyed, there would be no way to achieve his plans. He would return to a life of being poverty-stricken, with nothing to do but live in the Black Waste until he died.



With this in mind, Zhao wanted to calculate the optimal ratio of spatial earth and spatial water needed to transform and improve the black soil. This would allow him to not overuse too much of his resources.



Although the spatial farm had the basic settings of a game, it was still Zhao's last resort. He couldn't just play around and treat it like a game. Every step he takes must be calculated to get the job done right.



Zhao first tried the spatial water. He spilled some on one of the small piles of black soil and attentively watched for any changes while carefully checking the ratio between the spatial water and the black soil. After absorbing the spatial water, the black soil immediately changed. Its dark color subsided a little and it also became less gritty. After the small pile of black soil improved, Zhao made a careful calculation. It seemed like he would need fifteen parts spatial water to affect a change.



Zhao was very satisfied with the result. Although there was still room for improvement, he could already see that the power of the spatial water was very strong. He then took some of the spatial earth he had dug up and dumped some of it on another pile of black soil. The black soil immediately changed. But the results were somewhat different than the changes from the spatial water. After the transformation, the black soil had a more fertile look. And the ratio needed to change the black soil was ten parts spatial earth to one part black soil.



Zhao then turned to the third pile of black soil. This time he used both the spatial earth and water with a ratio of one to nine to see if that would improve the black soil. Success! There was an immediate change in the black soil, but it seemed to be no different than using the spatial water alone. Then he tried a ratio of eight to two, but the result was still the same. Likewise with a seven to three ratio. It was only when he tried a four to six ratio that the black soil finally transformed into fertile black earth! The effects of this test was very reasonable because he had discovered the best way to improve the black soil without too much waste.



With such a test result, Zhao was satisified. He put the bucket back in place and the spatial earth he had dug





up back into the ground. He then left the spatial farm.



Returning to his room, he sat there, thinking about how good of a harvest he had on this trip to his farm space. His level had risen, it was now possible to cultivate new land and sow the ground if he wanted to, and he had calculated the best ratio to improve the black soil without too much waste. Now he knows how to proceed.



It was now April. With time, he should be able to improve enough of the black lands to get ready for the spring farming season. In his spatial farm he had two hundred gold coins, six bags of hay seeds, two bok choy seed bags, two bags of corn seeds, two wheat seed bags, and about eighty thousand catty of radishes. This will definitely help improve the Buda clan.



Fortunately, the seeds could be taken out of the space. That was to say, once he improved the Black Waste, he could start planting the seeds outside the spatial farm.



While thinking of this, Zhao walked out of his room. He wanted the land to be measured as soon as possible. Just outside the door, he saw Blockhead and Rockhead standing in front of him like a pair of gatekeepers. Zhao nodded at the two. "Blockhead, go fetch some rope and a ruler." Blockhead did not know why these things were needed, but he immediately went to go get them. When they were exiled to the Black Waste, there was nothing to help them cope with the situation, so Green had to prepare all kinds of things needed to live, like food and seeds and a variety of supplies, such as ropes and a ruler.



Rockhead was still by Zhao. "Master, now lunch time. Grandma Meirin prepare lunch for you. Go."



Zhao was surprised for a moment. It was already noon, and he did feel a bit hungry. Blockhead did not take long to find what he was looking for, and once he returned, Zhao nodded and said, "Well, it's time to eat lunch." The two followed him to the castle's dining room. When they made it there, Meirin and Meg had already set down the cutlery. Meirin greeted Zhao. "Master, you're up. I was about ready to send Meg to come get you so we could have lunch."



"Grandma Meirin, in the afternoon, tell the slaves to stop cleaning the mines for now. They could do that tomorrow. It's not like we'll have a shipment of blue eyed rabbits anytime soon. Right now I want to use a ruler and some rope to measure about one mu of black land and mark it down. It is spring, right? We have to seize the moment."



Meirin made an ugly face. "Master, the Black Waste simply can not be cultivated. Although we brought a lot of seeds, we can only try to grow those seeds in the mountains. Trying to grow them in these dead lands would be a waste. There's no point in measuring it."



Zhao smiled and said, "Don't worry, Grandma Meirin. I have a way to improve the Black Waste, allowing the black soil to become fertile ground."



Meirin's eyes lit up. "M-Master, is what you say true? D-Do you really have a way to improve the black soil and make it fertile?" Her voice was trembling with excitement. The Black Waste was the largest area in the Aksu Empire, about a full one third of the empire's entire size. However, it wasn't wanted by the Empire because it was a land of death.



But if it could be cultivated, if this black land could really grow crops, then what will become of this? It would become the richest land throughout the Aksu Empire, a place many people would be envious of.



The Ark Continent had a magic civilization where people mostly focused on things like magic and martial arts. But regardless of any era, agriculture was a fundamental part of a country. This was an indisputable fact!



Magic might make you strong, but you can't eat it! If your martial arts level was high, you still have to eat! Even if its a rich country, it would be impossible to grow if the country did not make food a national priority. That country would be completely weak and easily conquered by other nations. The country would just perish away.



The most important reason why Meirin was so excited was because of what took place during the exile. In order to make sure the Buda clan had no chance to turn the family around, King Aksu Abo had a Temple messenger, as a witness of God, watch over the agreement that the Black Waste would permanently become the Buda clan's fief. Do not underestimate the significance of this. Because the agreement was witnessed by a messenger, it would also be recognized by the Temple, so it would be under God's testimony. Anyone who would dare to violate this would be disrespectful to God, and would be punished under his wrath.



Many saw this as a way to permanently exile the Buda clan, but looking at it another way, it could also mean that if the Aksu Empire wanted the Black Waste back, they would have no power to do so. Think about it, what would this piece of land look like after Zhao's improvement? Zhao would become a powerful person who owned the biggest piece of land in the entire Ark Continent.



How could Meirin not be excited? If Zhao really could improve this land, the Buda clan would be the richest and most powerful family in the Ark Continent!





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 17




Chapter 17





Chapter 17 - Madman



A thousand years ago in the Ark Continent, a very famous wood-based advanced mage, plus several water mages and elves that were knowledgeable about plants, tried to study the Black Waste. They wanted to see if the black soil could be changed and make this place the largest fertile land in the entire Ark Continent. But after two full years of research, they couldn't even get grass to grow. Sadly, they gave up. Since then, no one tried to study the Black Waste. Many people now think that it would be a waste of time and there would be no value in researching it.



It wasn't like the Ark Continent didn't have other large fertile lands. There were plenty of areas that were already used to cultivate crops. There wasn't any food shortage problems in the continent. So the Black Waste didn't gain a lot of people's attention.



But the Continent has been relatively calm these past few years. No big wars had taken place and the population has been growing rapidly. It had reached the point where some small countries started to experience a food shortage. But since this didn't affect the five large empires as a whole, it did not cause any widespread concern.



And do not forget that there were slaves in the Ark Continent. Slaves were as cheap as the price of long grains. If there was a food shortage, it did not matter if you reduced the amount of food you gave the slaves. The slaveholders did not talk about this. They would rather talk to a beautiful woman about the moon. They didn't care if the slaves were a little hungry. So most of the people simply did not notice that there was a food crisis getting closer.



Now the continent was at peace, with a developing economy and a strong national army. But although the country's economy was on the rise, most of the people's standards of living did not improve. On the contrary, they were even reduced. And don't even mention the living standards of the slaves. When the country's economy develops, prices will naturally rise. But although the prices rose, the incomes of the people did not, which made it so that a lot of people could not even afford to feed themselves. More and more people had no choice but to become a slave to survive.



Of course, Meirin did not know any of these things. She just knew that the price of food was starting to get expensive. If Zhao was able to turn this black wasteland into fertile land, then it would be almost impossible for the Buda clan not to develop.



Zhao saw Meirin's excited look and chuckled. "Yes, Grandma Meirin, this is the power that I got. But I can only transform one mu of land per day. So organize the slaves in the afternoon to measure out the land."



Meirin excitedly nodded. "Yes Master, I'll immediately go arrange it."



Having said that, Meirin was about to walk out, but Zhao stopped her. "There's no need to hurry, Grandma Meirin. Just remember that you can not let outsiders find out about my ability, otherwise it would be very difficult for the current Buda clan to stop those guys."



Meirin also knew about the kinds of people in this world. After what Zhao said, she calmed down and nodded. "I know, young master. Leave this to me."



Whether it was Meirin or Zhao, they did not notice that standing behind them was Meg, who was looking at Zhao with eyes of admiration. In the past, whenever Zhao was in front of Meg, she would always have her head down because she did not want to look at him. But now she was carefully watching Zhao.



Meg and Adam were childhood friends. Even though Adam was two years older than her, they grew up playing together. Wherever Adam went, Meg would also be there. And if the other children were bullying her, Adam would fight to protect her. So she





grew up with a good impression of the young master who was like an older brother.



But as they grew older, she had to be more sensible. Meg knew that Adam was her young master, so she couldn't just call him her brother. Eventually, Adam stopped playing with her, which made her very sad. Adam made a lot of new friends who were young masters of their own noble family. He seemed to have forgotten about his childhood playmate.



As he got older, Adam became increasingly outrageous, while Meg became more beautiful and showed a good talent for magic, so she took a completely different path than Adam. Meg became unhappy at the pranks and criminal acts that Adam pulled. She wanted to make him stop, but it was no use. Adam wouldn't even listen to her grandfather, not to mention her. There were many days where she hoped they could return to the past, back to their childhood where they played together, during a time when the young master would fight to protect her like an older brother.



Meg had always hoped that Adam would return to his past self, but reality ruthlessly shattered her dreams when Adam tried to molest her. When Adam attacked her, she felt like the world was tumbling down. Although she escaped unharmed, it was like her memories of the past had lost their color.



And then disaster struck.



The Buda clan went through a crisis where it was on the verge of life and death. She could do nothing but watch as the people she grew up with left the Buda clan one by one, where the king took away her childhood home, and when Adam was forced to drink the Water of Nothingness. In a short period of time, everything disappeared.



They were left with nothing but the Black Waste. While Adam had not yet woken up from drinking the water, she watched as her grandparents desperately tried to keep the Buda clan alive, like drowning people fighting their last fight against the flood.



Meg was just a young girl. With everything crashing down around her so suddenly, she wasn't able to stand on her own two feet. If her grandparents hadn't been there, she did not know how long she could last before she committed suicide.



But then in this land of death, Adam woke up, and Meg saw that the young master had changed. It wasn't like the past where he just stirred up trouble. He suddenly became mature and was fighting hard for his family. First was the magic radish, followed by the plans for the blue-eyed rabbits, and now this ability to improve the soil in the Black Waste. The young master had become strange. But it was a good kind of strange. He no longer had that frivolous temperament, but instead had become more steady. She liked this kind of confidence in Adam. He was optimistic with a gentle smile. When Adam saw her watching him, she looked away with a guilty expression. Unconsciously, a strange feeling stirred up in her heart.



Meirin did not pay attention to the changes in Meg, and after speaking with Zhao, she immediately went into the kitchen. Meg was blushing while looking down, but following behind Meirin gave her a chance to recover.





Later, Meirin and Meg were ready to organize the slaves to measure the land.



Zhao saw the smile on Meirin's face. Her mood had greatly improved. She had always thought that this place was a land of death, but now she was told there was a chance that they could survive. This was like someone telling a dying patient they could be saved. How could they not be excited about it.



Meirin had already gotten the slaves to measure the land. Those slaves, although they had no skills, was still capable enough for the task. Ten acres of land was immediately measured. Meirin then looked at Zhao to determine if he really was able to improve the land.



Zhao froze when he saw the ten acres. When he was in his spatial farm, he had full control over it. All he had to do was calculate the ratio and the spatial earth and water would automatically spill on the ground in the right amount. But when it came to improving these black lands, he wasn't sure if he could do it. Would the spatial earth and water still be under his control out here? Zhao was anxious as his thoughts went around and around, but then he heard a voice: [Do you want to improve this land?] [Yes/No]. The voice appeared with a screen that projected two buttons. One said [Yes] while the other said [No].



Zhao was overjoyed and immediately tried to hit the [Yes] button, but he became surprised when his hand went through the button. The screen didn't change with the two buttons still there. He tried to hit the button again. And again. And again. To the people watching him, it looked like he had become a dancing madman.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 18




Chapter 18





Chapter 18 - Spark



Everyone, including Meirin, stared at Zhao. I do not know what he's doing with those gestures. Does he simply have no way to improve the land? Meirin's heart couldn't help but sink. She had also noticed Zhao's recent changes, but it was a good kind of change. He had become more mature. But now she couldn't help but worry because it looked like Zhao might have gone silly under all that pressure.



Zhao was very embarrassed. He used to use a computer for something like this, and he could not help but wish he still had his mouse that he could tap on. Now he could only use his hand to point, and he completely forgot that the screen in front of him was a projection that no one else could see.



Scratching his head, Zhao tried shouting inside his mind. "Yes!"



Suddenly the voice echoed again: [Please enter the modified area], then an input box appeared with a flashing cursor. Zhao immediately thought of acres in his mind. The number     appeared inside the input box, and on the side was the word [acres].



A tone chimed and the voice came again: [Please select improvement methods] [Spatial Earth] [Spatial Water] [Custom]



Zhao had to work fast. Out of the corner of his eyes, he could see that Meirin was starting to think that he had gone mad since it looked like he was just staring at nothing. He immediately ordered a custom. Since he had already calculated the optimal improvement ratio, he chose to customize it. Sure enough, a customization input box appeared. A tone chimed and the voice said: [Please enter ratio of spatial earth and spatial water]



He immediately entered six parts for spatial water and four parts for spatial earth. Fortunately, he just had to think it and it would be entered into the input box. He did not need to use his hands, otherwise people would think that he was crazy.



After some time, the entry was complete. He then heard a tone which assured Zhao when he saw a pocket-sized hole open up in space, followed by some gray stuff that came flying out of the hole and into the black soil.



That gray stuff simply did not look like spatial earth or water. It looked more like dust. But when that stuff touched the black ground, everyone could clearly see the soil changing. The color of the soil that was once black as oil became lighter until it looked like the normal colors of earth.



It was interesting to note that the gray stuff that came out of the hole in space only landed exactly in the square range of farming land they marked down. No more, no less. When you look at the edges where the improved farming land met the surrounding black land, the contrast was clear.



After the transformation into farming land was over, Zhao grabbed a handful of dirt from the ground and carefully looked at it. It wasn't his imagination. The soil had really become fertile black earth. Zhao, while holding the soil, laughed. He had finally succeeded! They could now plant anything here. With his ability, plus all of this land, it would difficult for everyone to starve.



Zhao's laughter woke up everyone in the field. When the hole had appeared beside Zhao, they were shocked. They had never encountered such a thing before. Everyone was frozen while standing there, staring as the black soil in front of them changed. When Zhao laughed, they regained consciousness. Everyone then involuntarily made the same movement as Zhao and grabbed a handful of soil from the land.



It took Meirin awhile to understand, but most of these slaves came from farming backgrounds. With just a glance they could see that this new fertile land was very different than the ones they worked on before. This soil was even better.



Everybody cheered! Although they were slaves, that did not make them fools. They knew what the s





ituation was when they came to the Black Waste. But they really did not expect that one day they could actually see such a wonderful thing.



Meirin could not stop her tears from flowing out as she held the soil. Although she had never farmed before, she could still distinctly see that the land had really improved. This fertile land wasn't just a simple piece of land. It was the Buda clan's hope.



Meg was also excited to the point of tears. She did not think that such a happy day would come so fast and so suddenly. When the moment came, she was shocked and lost the ability to think. It was like she had become a wooden statue, but it did not stop the tears from flowing out of her eyes. Meg suddenly dropped the soil from her hands and ran towards Zhao. She hugged him. Zhao was shocked because of this. He did not think that Meg would ever hug him.



From Adam's memories, Zhao knew of Adam's desire for Meg. Adam's childhood memories had already blurred, and there was no memory of him loving Meg, just lust. In that case, of course, it was impossible for Meg to have feelings for Adam. In fact, she hated him. But now Meg was holding him, so he was shocked. Was this really the same Meg?



In his past life, Zhao was an otaku with low self-esteem, and he never had a girlfriend. He never even held a girl's hand before. It was precisely because of this that Zhao didn't know how to face Meg. He didn't know how to take resposibility for what Adam did, so he only pushed Meg away, the farther the better, or else Meg would think of those unpleasant things that Adam did.



But Zhao did not think that Meg would hug him today. It scared him a bit. Zhao helplessly froze there. He did not know whether he should hug Meg back.



Meirin also noted Meg's unusual action. She knew Meg better than anyone, especially her feelings for Adam. After what Adam did, Meirin was very clear on how deep the damage he did to Meg. During that period of time, Meirin would watch Meg everyday, afraid that she would committ suicide. Meg was like a lost soul, and Meirin could do nothing but watch on with heartache. She was very clear that there was no medicine for a broken heart. The only way for Meg to return to normal was if Adam became a better person. But Meirin had no hope for that, to be honest. She was thoroughly disappointed in Adam. If not for the fact that she was loyal to the Buda clan, she would have hurt Adam.



But when Adam woke up here in the Black Waste, it was like he was a changed man. He had become wiser and more stable, and he gained a very strange ability. He did not do any of the nonsense from before, and instead started to be more methodical with a very commanding presence. Of course, she did not know that this wasn't Adam, but Zhao.



Meirin had also noticed Meg's changes these past few days. Recently, Meg would unconsciously peek at Zhao when before it would have been impossible for Meg to want to look at Zhao from time to time. After the incident had taken place, Meg would always hide from Zhao, standing head down, trying as much as possible to not catch his attention.



But these days she would occasionally glance at Zhao, which made Meirin very puzzled. But when she saw Meg's actions just now, she finally understood.



Meg finally released Zhao, whose face was very red. In his past life, he had never held such an affectionate girl before. After the hug ended, Meg blushed, but not as much as Zhao did. His mouth would also open and close again and again, but no words came out. Seeing the look on Zhao's face, Meg smiled. She then turned around and ran. While watching Meg's departing back, Zhao lost his ability to think.



Meg was a beautiful girl. Zhao liked looking at her. But because of what Adam did, Zhao would always feel guilty when he saw her. So these days he had to think of ways to hide from Meg and try not to be alone with her. He would only see her when there were other people around.



But with that one hug from Meg, Zhao felt a spark and thought that something between him and her might not be impossible.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 19




Chapter 19





Chapter 19 - Crop Selection



Zhao led everyone back to the castle and into the living room.



He helped Meirin sit down, while Meg stayed standing. She didn't look down this time, but instead stared at Zhao.



Zhao seemed calm, but on the inside his heart was beating rapidly because of the spark he felt from Meg, but this wasn't the time to think about that. He had a lot of things to do. The future of the Buda clan was at stake.



Meirin was a little used to Zhao's new way of doing things, so she didn't refuse when he helped her sit down. She had a look of excitement on her face. "Master, what should we do now?" She had unconsciously started to ask for Zhao's opinion.



"Grandma Meirin, choose some of the slaves that have had farming experience to work on the new farm land, and ask them what are the most appropriate seeds we should farm. Ah, do we have any seeds?"



Meirin nodded. "Yes, we have a lot of seeds on hand. But these seeds are of the most common grains and vegetables. We thought that they may be suitable to grow on the mountains, but to use them on such good farm land, it would just be a waste."



Zhao thought about it, but then decided to ask, "Grandma Meirin, what do we use to make fire for cooking and for keeping us warm during the cold weather?"



Meirin was undaunted. "Master, although there are magical furnaces that one could buy, our clan currently doesn't have such a luxury. Right now we can only use the dead trees and weeds that grow on the mountain for heating and cooking."



Because of the fact that Meirin and Green used to live among the higher class with the Buda clan, it was simply impossible for them to think of every single thing they would need to prepare. After all, they didn't know the Chinese saying of seven things: Firewood, Rice, Oil, Salt, Sauce, Vinegar, and Tea.



These seven things were closely related to people's lives. They could even be classified as necessities. And since firewood was ranked first, one could see how important it was. Since she used to live at the top, although Meirin brought a lot of living materials, she did not prepare one of life's simplest and most important necessity: firewood.



Even though Meirin was told of how barren the Black Waste was, she didn't expect that it was a place where even weeds wouldn't grow. In the Ark Continent, most of the population didn't have to worry about firewood. The rich and noble classes could use charcoal or magical furnaces. And even the poorest classes could find firewood to use. But finding wood in the Black Waste was very rare. There were only a few short trees and some weeds. Except for that, there weren't a lot of things available that could be used. Although she tried to prepare enough, in this continent where firewood was an insignificant thing that no one worried about, the Black Waste simply did not have it.



Meirin saw that Zhao had not spoken, and said, "Master, what do you want to grow in the new farm land?"



Zhao was thinking about it. In his space, he had a couple of seeds that were suitable such as wheat and bok choy. Although those were good crops, they weren't capable of producing a lot of firewood, so he did not want to plant them yet. This wasn't just about him. He had to first think about how to solve the problems of the Buda clan.



Zhao was left with only one choice: Corn!



For him, corn was a familiar crop. Although he had never personally planted any, in his past life, there was a lot of corn in the rural city he had lived in. Not only was corn high yield, the stalks of the corn could be used as firewood for the winter.



But right now he only had two acres worth of corn seeds. And the imp





roved land outside was ten acres. He simply didn't have enough corn seeds.



Zhao thought about the things he had available in his spatial farm. He had two hundred gold coins (can't be used outside), six bags of hay seeds (can fill six acres), two bok choy seed bags (can fill two mu), two bags of wheat seeds (can fill two acres), two bags of corn seeds (can fill two acres), and a barn full of mature radishes, which would give him five hundred gold coins if he were to sell them in his spatial farm. Too bad it wasn't possible to bring the gold coins out of the space.



He could also cultivate two new acres of land. That was two acres of land! But he would need to spend two hundred gold coins, and after that he would have no money.



Meirin saw Zhao's frown. She didn't say anything. She knew it was useless to chase after Zhao's thoughts. She could only hope that the young master would be able to create another miracle.



Meg was also preoccupied with watching Zhao. She couldn't help but feel that the sight of Zhao, as he was lost in his thoughts, was particularly attractive.



Zhao put his hands together after he made a decision. "Grandma Meirin, tomorrow I'll be at the ten acres of improved land. For now, just organize the slaves at the mines and choose a few that I could work with. I need to get some rest." He stood up and walked out of the room.



Meirin did not know if Zhao would find a way. Recently, he had become reliable while also gaining an ability that she could not understand. So she chose to believe in him.



Meg followed Meirin to go organize the slaves. Things were about to get busy, and Meirin couldn't do it on her own.



Blockhead and Rockhead went along with Zhao as he rushed back to his room to check out his spatial farm, while the two stood as lookouts outside his door. His spatial farm still had its original appearance, which made Zhao feel relieved. After the black land improvement, a part of him thought that there would be less spatial earth and water. But he could see that there was no change.



If he could imrpove the large tracts of land out there, then it would be a huge advantage for him. Even if his spatial farm were to disappear one day, he would not starve to death. But right now he was still at the early stages. The existence of this space was needed to improve the Black Waste.



Zhao then looked at the radishes in the ground. Seeing as they were about to ripen, he finally made a decision. He whispered, "Sell the barn radishes."



The voice echoed: [Are you sure you want to sell the crops in the barn?]



"Yes."



A tone chimed and the voice continued: [All the barn radishes have been sold. Five hundred gold coins have been placed in your purse] [You do not have any crops in your barn. Make more of an effort to cultivate]



It was too early to test whether or not that batch of radishes could provide some seeds. Right now what he needed to get his hands on were some gold coins and other useful things. The test could only be done afterwards.



Zhao was now worth seven hundred gold coins, six hay seed bags, two bok choy bags, two bags of wheat seeds, and two corn seed bags. After calculating what he had, Zhao immediately said, "Cultivate the land."



The voice echoed: [Cultivating new land requires you to be at level three and two hundred gold coins. You have reached the requirement. Do you wish to cultivate the land?]



"Yes". The moment he said that, the space fluctuated and fog suddenly covered the ground. With a flash, next to his original area of farmland were two new acres of land. Zhao looked at his newly cultivated land and immediately said, "Open the ground and plant the corn seeds."



Seed bags, shovels, and buckets immediately worked together in harmony over the two acres of new farm land. Zhao was aware of how useful corn could be. He had cultivated two acres of land just to grow corn there. Once those corn mature, not only could he get more corn seeds, he could also get corn stalks that could be used as firewood.



Almost thirty thousand catty of corn could be grown from a single acre of land. And from those corn he could get a ton of seeds. Eventually, he would have enough to be able to plant at least six hundred acres of land. This was definitely a worthwhile business.



Zhao could only hope that the corn from this space wouldn't be inferior to the ones on Earth. If he could get some corn seeds and plant them outside, then that would solve a big problem. While he could make money from growing radishes, he could also get food and firewood from growing corn. This would lay the foundation for the Buda clan's future development.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 20




Chapter 20





Chapter 20 - Test



Zhao's heart couldn't help but sigh after watching two acres of land being planted with corn seeds.



If corn really was as useful as he thought it was, he would not have to worry about the development of his territory. But this result would take more than a dozen hours to see.



The planting of two acres of land would soon be finished, but Zhao didn't leave his spatial farm. Instead, he carefully watched over the radishes. He didn't know when they would ripen. But then he smacked his head when he thought of something. "Yes, ah, I can just ask the space. Ah, I remember from playing farm games, there should be a reminder function. Space! How much time until the radishes mature?"



The voice echoed: [There are three minutes until the radishes mature].



Zhao nodded and murmured. "Three minutes. Three minutes. Well, three minutes until I can harvest the radishes. While I'm waiting, I might as well buy a bag of radish seeds."



He immediately spent one hundred and fifty gold coins to buy a radish seed bag. Looking into his purse, he now only had three hundred and fifty gold coins left. But Zhao didn't care. He had to make adjustments as he went along. In the Black Waste, if he didn't develop the land fast enough, their conditions would stay the same, but if he developed the land too fast, someone might notice. So now he was focusing on developing his spatial farm instead. As long as his level went up, there won't be any problems.



This also reminded him that he shouldn't sell too many radishes. If he over sold the radishes, then they wouldn't be worth much, and he would suffer as a result. Unfortunately, he did not have a phone, so he couldn't tell this to Green. Hopefully, Green wouldn't come back with too big of an order of radishes.



Originally, Zhao didn't want to rely too much on the spatial farm because it was too unreal. He didn't know whether or not the space would disappear. But if the space was gone, then his clan would be finished. Right now he had no choice but to rely on the spatial farm. And leveling it up would allow him to get more out of it, which would better help develop his territory. He also couldn't relax about the transformation of the Black Waste. If he didn't transform the land outside, then he would have nothing if the space were to disappear one day.



Every step had to be calculated to develop the spatial farm and the outside living environment.



Leveling up the spatial farm requires money, and every level up would require more and more money. Zhao was very clear on that. In his past life, he had two accounts with the farm game that he played. The first account was what he used to play with more than four hundred online friends, where they could do things like steal food from each other. But he slowly lost interest.



His newer second account was where he played by himself. He wanted to try to master the farm game because he wanted to see what would happen and how far he could go.



He knew the consequences were very serious. In the beginning, it was okay. That was until his farm rose to level 20 and he tried to open a ranch, only to find out that he simply did not have enough gold coins. Now he had no money to level up his pastures and no money to level up his farm. But these setbacks taught Zhao how to be more calculating, especially about his farm and ranch incomes. He had to calculate which crops and animals would get him the most money. This was what he learned by playing that stand-alone game.



This was similar to his current situation as he tried to level up his farm. But even though he had some experience, he couldn't forget that he had to also take things from his spatial farm and use them to transform the





outside territory. That would mean he had to even more closely watch over his funds, which made him nervous. So he had to carefully calculate every step.



Suddenly the voice echoed, interrupting his thoughts: [Radishes have matured. Please harvest as soon as possible]



Hearing that, Zhao didn't immediately harvest the radishes and instead looked at them thoughtfully.



The last time he harvested radishes, the radish leaves had disappear. He theorized that this space treated the radish leaves as disposable waste. And of course right now he couldn't be so wasteful. He had to try to keep the leaves so he could use them to feed the blue-eyed rabbits.



Now that the radishes have matured, if he were to allow the space to harvest the radishes the original way, he wouldn't get any radish leaves. Zhao could only hope that the space would obey his commands in the way he imagined, otherwise feeding the blue-eyed rabbits would be a problem.



In this space, he would automatically get food once the crops matured. But that wasn't enough. It would be a problem if he couldn't also get things like radish leaves and corn stalks when the space just threw them away like garbage. In the past, when he played the game, that wasn't really a problem. But now Zhao needed those things to change their lives, so this was very important.



Zhao frowned. He was afraid that the space wouldn't accept his new way to harvest the radishes. Taking a few breaths to calm himself, he said, "Harvest the radishes! Radishes and radish leaves are to be separately harvested."



Finishing the sentence, Zhao's heart involuntarily jumped. He was afraid that it would fail. If he couldn't get the radish leaves, then he had to think of other ways to harvest them. The only answer he could come up with was to get the slaves to manually harvest the radishes, but that would cause a huge delay and would increase the chances of this spatial farm being exposed.



The space responded to his words. The radishes flew out of the ground and landed in a basket. After the radishes were harvested, Zhao took a deep breath and went to the barn. He touched the barn doors.



Soon the barn displayed what it had in storage in front of Zhao. The radishes and radish leaves were classified separately.



Zhao raised his fist with a cry of joy. Success! He really did not expect this space to give him such a surprise. Not only would this space help him harvest the crops, he now understood that this space would totally listen to him. He could command the space to do anything.



Ever since the spatial farm appeared, Zhao had always felt that it was like the game he originally played in his past life. He thought that he could only operate this space in accordance to the game rules. But with this time's success, he realized that this wasn't necessarily true. In this space, he had a deeper level of control, like he was a god or some kind of supreme existence.



After the burst of emotions, Zhao calmed down for a moment. Looking around the spatial farm, he saw that there was nothing left to do, and so he left.



Once he entered his room, Zhao could not help but laugh. With the spatial farm, the Black Waste could become the greatest granary in the entire continent. But he must help it along with his spatial ability as soon as possible. Only then would his heart have a sense of security.



Although he was focusing on leveling up the spatial farm, in the end his goal was to use the space to help him develop his territory faster. Zhao was a practical guy. He thought that the spatial farm would one day disappear because he did not believe in transient things. He only believed in things that he could grasp with his own two hands. After all, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.



For Zhao, the space was like the friends he made on the internet back on Earth. Even though he was an otaku, he knew that they weren't real friendships. It was because of this mentality that he desperately wanted to change the Black Waste, which would give him a little peace of mind.



He did not believe in luck. In his past life, he never bought lottery tickets. Every penny he had was earned through his own efforts. He never believed that someone would give him money for no reason. He believed that people could only get everything they want through effort.



After he left the space, Zhao didn't go outside. He needed to think about the future development of the Black Waste. He was anxious about the transformation. There was no guarantee that no one would come to this wasteland. If one day someone were to suddenly come here and find a large area of fertile land in front of the castle, it would definitely arouse suspicion.



With that thought, Zhao couldn't help but mutter, "It seems like it'll be a good idea to look over the Black Waste tomorrow."



Then he fell asleep.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 21




Chapter 21





Chapter 21 - Water Problems



In the evening, Zhao woke up.



It was dark outside. Meirin and everyone else had come back. Generally, no one went out at night. Doing so would require using torches or oil lamps, which would mean wasting oil. They had to save every bit of the supplies they had.



Since it was dark, the slaves have already eaten. Now they had a period of rest where they were free to do whatever they wanted inside the castle. Zhao did not worry that they would try to escape, so he let them relax.



Right now the slaves were chatting in the castle's courtyard. Compared to other places, this place was simply paradise. Everyday they would have enough to eat, have a dry place to sleep, and they would have a daily period of rest.



When they first came here, they were still in despair. They knew of the situation in the Black Waste. Although they were slaves, they have heard nothing good about it. It was a barren land, and next to it was the carrion swamp. This was a place of death. They thought that they would soon starve in the future.



But they didn't expect that within two days after they arrived here, their master would have an ability that could turn the black soil into fertile earth, which was something even magic spells couldn't do. Now they didn't have to worry about starving to death.



Better living conditions than before, being treated with the same attitude as treating regular people, the promise to be free from slavery if they do a good job, plus their master's magical ability. All these things added up to them being very loyal to Zhao. Now the slaves weren't just doing passive work, but rather they wanted to work even more so that they can be freed from slavery a little earlier.



Zhao quietly watched over the slaves from his window. He wanted to chat with them, but he knew that now was not the time. These slaves have been oppressed for a very long time. When they saw anyone of the aristocracy, they would be too nervous to chat and would instead kneel in fear without daring to lift their head.



Changing a person's identity was easy, but changing their way of thinking was very difficult. It would take a long and gradual process to change their ideas, even if only a little bit. If you tried to hit them too fast with radical ideas, even if you were successful in changing their minds, you would only build up a foundation that was too unstable. So Zhao didn't go chat with the slaves. Now wasn't the right time.



Undoubtedly, the newly cultivated farm land and the possibility to be free gave these slaves some hope. When they first came here, the slaves moved around like they were dead, but now their lives were filled with hope.



Zhao liked to see such a look in those slaves' eyes. Only people with hope would do things to the very best of their ability.



Just then, someone knocked, interrupting his thoughts. Zhao recovered and said, "Come in."



The door opened and Meg was standing there. "Master, dinner is ready. It's time to eat."



Blockhead and Rockhead were also standing out there, guarding the door.



Zhao nodded. He knew that it was time for dinner, but he felt bad. In the last two days, not only was Meirin busy with managing the slaves, she also had to cook for him. She must be tired. Although Zhao could cook, he didn't dare to. He shouldn't forget that he was pretending to be a noble. He could justify his spatial abilities because with all the magic in the continent, there were bound to be a few oddities like him. But if he suddenly could cook, then Meirin and Meg would become suspicious of him.



Everyone went down to the dining room where they found Meirin who had already set down their dinner. There was bread and some vegetabl





es, plus a piece of meat with soup. To be honest, as a native of China, he was not used to this stuff.



After he ate a few bites, Zhao said, "Grandma Meirin, I think it would be unwise to improve the black land tomorrow."



Meirin was surprised for a moment, and then she gave Zhao a puzzled look. "Why does young master say it is not possible to improve the land? If the land can't be improve, then what should we do?"



"I think you misunderstood me, Grandma Meirin. I meant that I can not improve the land within the vicinity of the castle. Right now our strength is too weak. If we let those guys find out that we could turn this place into fertile land, do you think they would let us?"



Meirin knew this, but after the land improvement that happened today, she was simply too dizzy with joy to think about it. But now Meirin was reminded by Zhao's words and immediately understood. Zhao was right. If they let those old nobles find out that they could improve the land here, it would be hard to deal with them.



Although the Buda clan had signed an agreement with the Empire, it was on the premise that the territory would only belong to the heir of the Buda family. But if there was no heir, then the king would be able to take this fief back, naturally withdrawing it into the king's ownership.



Every man was innocent until they had something valuable.



Meirin put down her knife and fork. "What Master said makes sense. Even if we were just trying to improve our lives, those old nobles wouldn't let us go. So young master, what should we do?" Meirin paid more and more attention to Zhao's opinions these days. Zhao had done a lot of amazing things coupled with his unique ability. So Meirin unconsiously couldn't help but listen to him.



Zhao also put down his cutlery and gently wiped his mouth with a napkin. "The land is to be improved, but not around the castle. It would be too conspicuous. With a glance, it would be too easy for people to find. I think we should look for another area of land to improve. Somewhere subtle, not too big, and could not be easily found. We just need about a thousand acres of farm land to meet the needs of everyone here."



Meirin nodded. "Master's right. Tomorrow, I will gather some of the slaves to check out the surroundings for a good place to make a farm. Will we continue to try to raise blue-eyed rabbits and scaleless fish?"



"Yes, we're going to continue to try to raise them, especially scaleless fish. If someone manages to catch sight of them and blue-eyed rabbits, they would think that it was just our last attempts at struggling to survive since we have nothing to feed them. So they wouldn't be too concerned about it."



"Then the only problem is the water," Meirin said. "Not only our moat, but the lake seems to have no fish at all. What do you think is wrong?"



Zhao thought for a moment. He was only an otaku, not a professional fisherman, so he didn't notice any problems with the water, while Meirin had noticed it because she was a Water Mage. Zhao was somewhat puzzled. Arguably, the moat and the lake should have a lot of fish. The problem shouldn't be the water quality. He had already analyzed it in his spatial farm. So why weren't there any fish? "Grandma Meirin, there shouldn't be any problems. It should be an excellent source of water where the fish could survive. But when you look at it, there are no fish. So what could the reason be?"



Meirin frowned. "When water has no fish, there are only two possibilities. The first is that the water could be toxic and so wouldn't be suitable for the fish to survive. The second is that there's a ferocious spirit beast living in the water and eating all the fish. If it really is like Master said, then the water shouldn't be poisonous. Then it could only be the second possibility. There is a spirit beast living in the water."



Zhao carefully thought about it. What Meirin said makes sense. He remembered in his past life, when he was watching the news, a fisherman had found two predatory animals in his pond. The result was all the pond fish had been eaten. There might also be this kind of beast here. If that were the case, then it would be a huge hassle.



When Meirin saw Zhao frowning, she tried to comfort him. "Master, this isn't a difficult matter. It would be difficult to solve if the water was poisonous, but if there is just a mischevious spirit beast in the water, then we just need to kill it after we find it."



Even after listening to her, Zhao was still worried. His thoughts were the complete opposite of Meirin's. If the water was poisonous, then he could simply use his spatial water to detoxify it, but if there was a spirit beast in the water, it would be troublesome.



Meirin saw that Zhao still had a worried look. "Master doesn't need to worry. If it's a spirit beast, I could just kill it. This would not affect young master's plans."



Zhao heard what Meirin said and he was surprised, but then he understood. This wasn't Earth. On Earth, if you wanted to kill something like a deep sea monster, it wouldn't be so easy. But here in the Ark Continent, there was magic, and Meirin was a powerful Water Mage. Maybe she did have the means to destroy the spirit beast.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 22




Chapter 22





Chapter 22 - Maturing



Zhao frowned and said, "Will it be dangerous, Grandma Meirin? If it is dangerous, then we don't need to raise fish. Fish aren't that important. What's important is your safety."



Meirin smiled. "Master can rest assured. Nothing will happen. I am, after all, an eighth level water mage. It's not hard to deal with a spirit beast."



Seeing Meirin's look of confidence, Zhao could only nod. "Well, we can put that off for now. Tomorrow, we still need to organize the slaves and then look for a suitable piece of land that we can improve."



Meirin agreed. Since the Buda clan were nobles, in their eyes, the land was the key.



Meg tried not to interrupt as Meirin and Zhao discussed things. Although she was very smart, she was still too young, unlike Zhao who had lived through the Information Age. Blockhead and Rockhead, of course, also didn't say anything during the discussion. They themselves weren't very smart. Whatever they said was tantamount to howling at the moon.



Zhao quickly finished dinner, and after a cup of tea, he returned to his room.



Now that it was evening, Zhao was very bored. It wasn't like there were a lot things he could play with around here. In his past life, as an otaku, he would stay awake late into the night, but in this world, he was so busy during the day that he would tire himself out to the point where he couldn't wait to go to bed. But today, he had already slept during the day, so now he couldn't fall asleep. Since he was wide awake, he decided to take a look at his spatial farm.



In the spatial farm, corn seedlings have grown and the radish sprouts were rapidly growing. And, fortunately, there were no insects around. Looking at those growing seedlings, Zhao's heart felt slightly excited.



With the help of these seedlings, he hoped that he could survive in this world.



In his past life, Zhao didn't have much ambition. He just wanted to live well. But in this world, not only did he have Adam's body, he also had Adam's life experience, so he knew of his hatred for the Empire. After the Buda clan's strength was taken away, there have been thoughts of revenge.



But although he had the spatial farm cheat, it did have one big disadvantage. It lacked aggressiveness



The spatial farm was good for growing crops and for storing things, but he couldn't use it to attack. In the Ark Continent, there were many strong experts, such as Meirin the mage, who had enough magic power to kill a thousand people. Compared to Meirin, Zhao was like a newborn baby, or even an ant. Meirin, if she wanted to, could kill him with a single finger.



Because of this, Zhao was obsessed with acting low key. If the nobles discovered his ability, they would not hesitate to kill him.



Fortunately, Zhao had all of Adam's memories. Although Adam was ignorant about many things, he still had some common sense about this continent. Zhao wasn't brain dead. If he tried to be too ambitious, he knew that he would be the first to die if he dared to do anything too high profiled. It wasn't like he could become an invincible expert due to the fact that Adam drank the Water of Nothingness.



Zhao could rely on nothing but his spatial farm. But he was unsure about the space because it was something that he had suddenly gained. This made him afraid. When you suddenly gain something, you can also suddenly lose it.



This gave Zhao a sense of urgency which kept him thinking about building up his fief as soon as possible. At the same time, improving the soil of the Black Waste also made him worried. Even though they were exiled here, would that mean that the nobles would leave them alone? Not necessarily. Those guys c





ould send people to watch them, and if they find too much movement here, the nobles won't take it too kindly.



Sitting in the spatial farm, Zhao knew that his only choice was to be low key.



Although he knew that the space was taking care of the radishes and corn, Zhao decided to pour some water over them because he wanted to take care of the seedlings that represented his hopes.



Watering in this space was very easy. With just a thought, the spatial water from the spring rose up and drifted over the land, and then rain poured down. After the land slowly became humid, Zhao immediately stopped. He knew that pouring too much water may cause the crops to rot.



After making sure that things were alright, Zhao left the spatial farm.



In his room, looking out the window, he could see that the sky was still dark. The slaves had gone to sleep. There were no lights in the castle. Everything was as silent as the night.



In this quiet environment, Zhao's heart slowly calmed down.



He knew that he couldn't do anything superfluous. He had to do things step by step. Right now the most important thing was to try to feed over a hundred people. He didn't just want enough food to get by, he wanted everyone to eat well.



Responsibility was a word that Zhao deeply felt. In his past life, he never had to face something like this. But after coming here, he was now personally responsible for feeding and clothing over one hundred people. This burden bore down on Zhao's shoulders. So he took every step carefully, afraid that he might do something wrong.



With all this responsibility, he had no choice but to grow up and mature.



After standing quietly next to the window, Zhao went back to bed. Even if he couldn't sleep, he could still lie down, where he thought about things like the scarcity of their supplies that couldn't be wasted. But he ended up falling asleep.



A tone chimed and a voice echoed: [Radishes have matured. Please harvest as soon as possible]



The spatial farm tone woke Zhao up.



He sat up immediately and entered his spatial farm, and sure enough, the radishes have ripened. Also, the corn was now as tall as a man and the corn's cobs have basically formed.



But Zhao didn't make a move with the corn. He was waiting for the corn to mature, because once they do, he would have a ton of seeds that could be grown over a lot of ground. Instead, he immediately harvested the radishes, then planted more radish seeds after he bought a bag from the spatial shop.



Zhao then went to the corn. The corn were growing well and the corn cobs have formed. Just a little longer and they would reach maturity.



Satisifed, Zhao left the spatial farm and returned to his room. Looking out the window, the sky was slightly bright. No longer able to sleep, Zhao opened the door and went out.



The weather outside was nice. It was now April and the morning was a little chilly. Breathing in the cool air, Zhao couldn't help but feel great.



Since it was so early, Zhao thought about his body. Adam was a noble who was ignorant about working hard, plus he often indulged himself in lust and excessive drinking. Along with drinking the Water of Nothingness, his body was very weak.



Zhao did not want to die of a disease early in his life. With such good weather, Zhao decided to go for a run to get some exercise. Even if he never becomes an expert, he could at least be a healthy person.



While he ran, the slaves woke up one after another, and when they saw Zhao running, they were surprised and wondered what the hell he was doing.



Zhao's body was weak. He had to stop after running a short distance because he was out of breath. After slowing his breathing, he returned to the castle.



Although he ran for just a little while, he felt refreshed.



Zhao then went inside the castle, where he found Meirin, who was very surprised to see him coming from outside. Meirin did not think that Zhao would wake up so early. She thought that he was still sleeping in his room.



Zhao said hello and then went to wash his face. He then sat in the living room and waited for Meirin to make breakfast.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 23




Chapter 23





Chapter 23 - Sincerely



After breakfast, Meg left to watch over the slaves who were working at the mines.



Some of them were searching the mountains to find enough trees to cut down so they could make a boat, because they wanted to see where the underground lake would lead.



Meirin herself got ready to take a good look around to find a good place to improve the land. She believed that land improvement was a priority. As long as the land changed, they would be able to settle down here and live with hope.



Although she did not know about Zhao's farm, after seeing how it could improve the land and the eighty thousand catty of radishes, she thought that his ability was related to agriculture. Meirin was a wise person that was rich in life experience, so her guess was pretty close. She decided not to ask Zhao about it.



Zhao went with Meirin to go check out the surrounding terrain. It was natural for Blockhead and Rockhead to follow behind Zhao, but this time Zhao only took Blockhead with him, while he sent Rockhead to help Meg look after the slaves. Meg shouldn't be alone while watching over one hundred slaves.



With Blockhead following them, Zhao and Meirin walked along the foot of the mountain.



Meirin, being older and a mage, had a weak body. But Zhao was also the same. The two didn't walk up the mountain because they were afraid that it would only tire themselves out until they couldn't move.



This was Meirin's and Zhao's first time walking so far from the castle. The Black Waste was a strange place, but at a glance, there was nothing to see. They had been walking along the mountain for three hours. With the absence of any discovery, it felt as desolate as expected. The black soil was still black. The barren land was still barren.



After looking around, Zhao turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, let's take a rest. This is too tiring."



Meirin was also tired, since she was a mage and not a warrior. Her body was only strong enough to do some housework.



They found two stones and casually sat down. Seeing the two sitting down, Blockhead ran towards them and went to Zhao's side. "Master. You rest here. I go look."



Zhao nodded. "Okay, you go, but take care of yourself and be careful."



With a cry, Blockhead turned and ran up the mountain. From his appearance, he didn't look tired at all.



Meirin, while sitting on a rock, stared out at the large expanse of black land, and gave a long sigh. "When we first heard that the Empire was exiling us here, we were really desperate. Everyone knows that the Black Waste was a place of death. Nothing lasts long here. And it was right next to the carrion swamp. Once we were exiled, we couldn't do anything. We had no choice but to die out here." Having said that, Meirin lowered her head, her eyes revealing her memories. "When Green heard the news, he immediately exchanged all of the clan's money for some supplies. He wanted us to try to last for a few years. He believed that if we could just last a few years, we would be able to think of some way to make money. After all, we didn't want the Buda clan to die in our hands."



Meirin paused for a moment as she remembered the despairing scene. Zhao did not say anything.



Taking a deep breath, Meirin turned and looked at Zhao. "Fortunately, Master woke up with a magical ability to improve the land. Now our hope of reviving the Buda clan depends on you."



Green had also told Zhao much of the same thing. Although this was what Meirin and Green expected of him, Zhao knew that accomplishing such a task would be difficult. If he wanted to make the Buda clan thrive again, that would mean he would have to face pressure fr





om the king and nobles of the Aksu Empire.



But he didn't say any of this. He only nodded and said, "Don't worry, Grandma Meirin. I'll try."



Meirin smiled at Zhao. "God does not want the Buda clan to die. Giving Master such an amazing ability means that God loves the Buda clan and wants us to flourish."



After hearing that, Zhao couldn't help but laugh. "Grandma Meirin, let me show you something amazing."



With just a thought, the two appeared in the spatial farm.



Zhao had never taken Meirin to the farm before, and it wasn't because he didn't trust Meirin and Green. It was because, in addition to security reasons, there were a lot of things in the farm that he couldn't explain to Meirin. And also, Zhao was afraid. He feared that they would somehow find out that he was an imposter who was possessing Adam's body, and that they would kill him because of it.



But now he wasn't afraid. Meirin and Green wouldn't doubt him because he was the Buda clan's last hope. After all, he was the sole heir to the Buda clan. If the two were to kill him, that was equivalent to letting the Buda clan perish. If there were no heirs in a noble family, then the title of nobility would be taken by the Empire.



Meirin was in shock the moment she stepped into the spatial farm. Her head swerved around, looking at everything, including the radish shoots and the corn that were about to ripen.



"This is my special ability, Grandma Meirin. This piece of land can be used to grow crops like grains and vegetables. Not only that, the crops would grow and mature faster than the ones on the outside. That was how I was able to come up with eighty thousand catty of magic radishes in such a short period of time."



While staring at the land, Meirin asked, "Master, the magic radishes that you had, where are they?"



Zhao pointed at the barn. "Inside of there is a room that is sort of like a spatial item. It can hold a lot of things, not just magic radishes. Any materials that I have, I can store in there for as long as I want, and I can always take them out whenever."



Meirin's eyes shined. To be honest, just this spatial barn ability alone was enough to give her a surprise.



Zhao continued, "This space can be used to improve the black soil outside with a mixture of spatial earth and water." He then walked towards the corn. "And this is a new crop that I planted. It's called corn. Once it matures, it will produce a ton of seeds, enough to plant acres and acres of land. But to be honest, I don't know if this space can produce seeds from these corn. I'm still testing it. And also, the corn stalks could be used as firewood. This is definitely the most suitable plant we need to grow."



Meirin looked at the patch of corn, her eyes shining, understanding what Zhao said. As long as the corn ripen, it could solve all of their food problems and give them firewood to use.



"Once we find a suitable location, we'll first transform a thousand acres of land and plant the corn. And when the corn is ripe, we do not have to worry about food and heating for our home. Also, we can sell magic radishes to make some money. With this, little by little, our Buda clan will develop and grow."



Meirin turned to Zhao. "Master, you must not tell anyone about this! How many people know about it?"



"Only Blockhead, Rockhead, and you know about this space." Zhao shook his head. "I haven't showed it to Grandpa Green and Meg yet."



Meirin nodded. "There are only a few people we can completey trust. If this gets out and people know about it, young master will be in danger."



"Don't worry, Grandma Meirin. I will not talk about it with others. We should leave now. Once Blockhead comes back, he will feel anxious when he can't find us." With a thought, both of them were back on the foot of the mountain.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 24




Chapter 24





Chapter 24 - A Good Place



Leaving the space, how could Meirin not be excited. With such a magical space, the future of the Buda clan was hopeful.



Although Zhao could not learn magic or martial arts, a part of Meirin now thought that it was better for Zhao not to learn it. The old Buda clan had earned their nobility through honor, and they gained this honor through the battlefield in service to the Empire. But now the Buda clan was left with only one successor, so Meirin didn't want him to go through that.



It was better to use the space for farming. They wouldn't have to worry about food and water, and they could make money to help develop the Buda clan.



The Buda clan had gone from prosperity to grief, but it now seems like the clouds were vanishing with Zhao helping them live well.



Seeing the excited look on Meirin's face, Zhao was also very happy, because he knew that Meirin was really concerned about him. It felt really good to be concerned about. In his past life, Zhao was an orphan, so nobody cared about him. He loved this feeling, it warmed his heart.



"Master, if there's ever any danger, you should immediately go hide in your space. Do not worry about us. You are the only heir of the Buda clan. We can't risk you getting hurt."



"Don't worry, Grandma Meirin. I know what to do. As long as we keep a low profile in the future, we should be fine."



Meirin was about to say something, but then they heard a sound, and saw Blockhead running towards them. "Master! Master! I found a good place!" he shouted as he quickly ran down the mountain. He stopped at Zhao's side. "Master! I found a good place! Meets your requirements." He then pointed up the mountain. "There's a mountain pass. Not too difficult to walk there."



Zhao's face lit up. "Well, let's go. Grandma Meirin, you rest here. I'll go with Blockhead."



Meirin shook her head. "No, I'm going too. I have to take a look. If it's going to be our new farm land, I have to know the way to walk through the mountain pass." She then turned to Blockhead. "Lead the way."



Blockhead walked up the mountain while the two followed. The mountain was mostly barren with only a few weeds, but it was still tough going. Fortunately, they didn't have to walk very far, only three miles.



And then they saw it. It was a strange valley surrounded by cliffs, like a large stone had fallen from the sky and dug up a crater. Zhao stood there, stunned with mixed feelings. The valley was everything he required, especially the fact that you couldn't see it from the foot of the mountain, but how could they get down there?



Meirin turned and glared at Blockhead. "You stupid kid, you found such a hard place to get into. If we wanted to build a farm here, not to mention young master, how would the slaves go down there?"



Zhao was also annoyed at him. Although the valley wasn't that deep, only tens of meters or so, he still felt dizzy looking at it from where he was standing. With all the cliffs around, it would be difficult to get down there.



If they had a lot of materials, then they could probably build a long ladder. But unfortunately they didn't have enough materials to begin with, and it would be hard to build such a ladder with the wood on the mountain.



Blockhead looked at the two and laughed. "Master, Grandma Meirin, don't worry. Come with me." He walked towards the back of the iron mines.



All along, Zhao and Meirin had never walked to the back of the iron mines because they knew that it was close to the carrion swamp. The swamp was full of toxic miasma, plus poisonous spirit beasts and plants, and there





were undead things that roamed around. No one ever went to the back of the mountain because it was dangerous.



Looking at Blockhead's departing back, Meirin said, "Kid, if you want to live, then come back quickly."



"There's nothing to worry about, Master and Grandma Meirin. Over this hill is a cave. We go inside the cave, we can get into the valley. I just got out from there."



Meirin wanted to say something, but Zhao interrupted. "Well, let's go and see."



They followed Blockhead to the back of the iron mines.



But once they were at the top of the hill, however, Zhao saw something that attracted his attention. It was the carrion swamp. Behind the mountain was chaos between heaven and earth. There was a colorful mist so thick that you couldn't even see where the ground was, and even daylight couldn't shine through.



Beautiful, it was so beautiful, was what Zhao thought as he saw the colorful mist, which was made up of seven bright colors that, strangely, seemed rotten.



A long sigh interrupted Zhao's thoughts. He turned and looked at Meirin, who was also looking at the colorful mist. "What a beautiful view. Who would have thought that this beautiful scenery is actually one of the Continent's most deadly places. The mist of the carrion swamp is one of the biggest barriers ever recorded. Out of all the people that have ever walked into that mist, only ten managed to come out. And those ten were among the most powerful experts in the Continent. However, none of them have managed to live past five years after they came out from that mist. Not a single cleric or alchemist was able to save them."



A cold chill ran down Zhao's back as he watched that strange colorful mist, like a myriad of evil was smiling at him while baring their teeth.



Zhao did not dare to look at it anymore. He turned to Blockhead and said, "Come on."



Blockhead continued to lead the way.



The back of the iron mines was strange. Unlike the front where the weeds looked like they suffer from malnutrition, the weeds in the back were longer, with a vibrant black and green color. Meirin spoke up. "Master, Blockhead, you better be careful. Do not touch these weeds. I think they may be toxic. Blockhead might not necessarily be affected because of how strong he is, but since young master drank the Water of Nothingness, he shouldn't touch them." Although Meirin was being overcautious, they didn't dare take this lightly. They were near the carrion swamp which had a fierce reputation, so they had to be careful.



Carefully bypassing the weeds, and after following Blockhead for five hundred meters, they saw a cave. The cave wasn't large, only about two meters high, and within the darkness they could hear the sound of water.



Meirin went to the cave first and in her hand she made a ball of light, allowing Zhao to see inside. This cave was also constructed by the dwarves. It was very neat with stone blocks as a base.



Walking down the cave for five minutes led to an open space that was only three meters wide, not large enough as a place to live. It was probably just a temporary resting area for the dwarves or a place where they could store things. On the right hand side, there was a tunnel which was where the sound of water was coming from.



Blockhead turned to Zhao. "Master, that way leads to an underground lake. To the left, there's a tunnel that leads to the valley."



Zhao nodded. According to his estimatation, this underground lake was probably the same one as the lake near the castle. Too bad they didn't have a large-scale lighting item that could help them see the entire lake.



They went down the left tunnel. The tunnel was very wide, able to accomodate ten people walking side by side and it was five meters high. The three walked for ten minutes until suddenly they saw a light up ahead, prompting Meirin to extinguish her lighting spell.



And then the three walked into the light.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 25




Chapter 25





Chapter 25 - Smarter



From out of the cave, Zhao and Meirin stared blankly at the valley.



The valley was not large, only about a thousand acres, with the same black soil as the Black Waste. In the middle of the valley was a pool of clear water, about ten meters in diameter, and on the opposite side, Zhao spotted a smaller cave on the side of a cliff.



He couldn't help but admire the dwarves. They really hollowed out the mountain and established everything they needed. It was hard to imagine how they did it.



After looking around, Zhao nodded. "Good. Really good. Blockhead, ah, how did you even find this cave anyway?"



Blockhead laughed. "Master, when I saw the valley, I just jumped down from the cliff. Then I found these two caves. The other cave is filled with water. But from this one, I was able to walk out."



Zhao nodded in understanding. It was no wonder that Blockhead found this cave. He moved in the opposite direction that they did.



Meirin looked at this piece of black land. It was as Blockhead said, this land was really appropriate for what they need. Although it will take some time to improve it, finding a better place than this would be difficult. Zhao was also satisfied with this place. When it comes to farming, with the pool of water here, irrigation would be easy. And even if there wasn't enough water, you could find a source of it from both caves.



Seeing Zhao nodding, Blockhead quickly said, "Master, did you find out why this place is different?"



Zhao was momentarily surprised. Looking around, he couldn't discover anything that made this place different from anywhere else. "I don't see anything."



Blockhead smiled. "Master, can't you feel that it's warmer in this valley than the rest of the mountain? And didn't you see the weeds on the hill were longer than anywhere else. Even though it's spring, the weeds shouldn't be able to grow that high, making it difficult for us to walk through. This shows that the cold has never invaded this valley. It's always the same temperature. If that's so, then this is a good place that could be cultivated through all four seasons of the year."



From the direction Blockhead was pointing to, where they found the weeds on that hillside, Zhao couldn't help but think that it was strange that the weeds near this valley grew longer than any other place on the mountain.



"I really did not expect that Blockhead would actually be able to notice such things," Meirin said. "Kid, when did you become so smart?"



After hearing what Meirin said, both Zhao and Blockhead were shocked. Zhao also thought it was strange. From his memories, Blockhead was never that clever, yet how could he carefully make such a clear and logical observation?



Blockhead was also somewhat puzzled. He didn't understand it himself. Ever since he went into Zhao's strange space, it was like his eyes have been opened. He began to observe things more carefully and think of things more comprehensively.



Meirin took it in stride. Seeing as the two wasn't saying anything, she added, "Master, it's just like Blockhead said, with a maintained temperature, we could grow a farm here all year round. And the water element here is very active. As long as we cultivate the land and make it fertile, this place will be suitable for our needs."



"Grandma Meirin is right," Zhao said. "This is a really good place. But there's still a problem. This thousand acres of land is so far away from the castle. Even though the slaves could get here, it would still take a lot of time. Things would be more difficult with such a delay."



Meirin smiled.





"How can Master forget that this mountain has an underground lake? If it really is the same one near our castle, then we could just come here by boat. Not only would this save time, it could also better protect our secret."



Zhao thought for a moment. If they really could use the lake to get here, it would be faster than walking, and a lot more covert. He nodded. "Okay, this is good. Then let's start improving the land today." Having decided that, with just a few thoughts, a hole in space appeared in front of Zhao, transforming this place into farm land, the sooner the better.



Blockhead and Meirin, although they have seen Zhao's land improvement before, was still excited after seeing it again. In the Continent, Zhao's ability was absolutely unique. Even if it couldn't be used to kill, it could still suit most needs.



Seeing the change to good farm land, Zhao turned to Meirin. "Let's go back, Grandma Meirin. Unfortunately, we don't have a boat. No boat means we can't directly go to the castle by lake."



"Did young master forget that I am a Water Mage?" Meirin laughed. "I can easily bring two or three people with me over the water. Don't worry about it, we won't need a boat."



Zhao was stunned for a moment. To be honest, although he's been in the Ark Continent for a few days, he was still not used to the fact that there was magic. He always confused this world with Earth where there were people who couldn't just use water magic when they needed to.



Zhao nodded. He smiled at Meirin. "Then let's return home, Grandma Meirin. I'm afraid of what would happen if we leave Rockhead alone for too long."



Meirin, while looking at the land and finding nothing of note, said, "Well, let's go back."



Having said that, the three of them turned around and walked into the cave.



Inside the cave, Meirin walked in front and used her lighting magic. This time, the three went into the tunnel on the right that directly led to the sound of water.



After walking for fifteen minutes, thanks to Meirin, they saw the underground lake. The lake was a really great way to pass from one side of the mountain to the other, in addition to the fact that it couldn't be seen from outside.



In their current position, they were three meters above the lake, but there was a gentle slope that they could use to get down. It appeared that the dwarves used it to transport ore. The ground was paved with stones, but because of the water, it was covered in moss, making it a little slippery.



Zhao looked at the lake and sighed. "Who would have thought that in the Black Waste was such a hidden place that we could use to raise fish."



Meirin nodded. "Yes, we could raise a large number of fish in this lake. This could even become a major source of income for the Buda clan."



Zhao agreed, then turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, as we make our way back, if there is a spirit beast in the water, are you sure that we can get past it?"



Meirin smiled with a look of confidence. "Master can rest assured that nothing will happen."



She led everyone down towards the lake. Although the ground was slippery, Zhao and Blockhead carefully followed behind her.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 26




Chapter 26





Chapter 26 - New Crisis



While Zhao and Blockhead stood by the lake, Meirin whispered some incantations, and pretty soon a layer of water appeared around them.



They were shielded as a wave of water rolled them on to the lake.



Zhao found that the three of them were now standing in a transparent blue ball, and there was something like a geyser holding them up on the lake.



This was Zhao's second time encountering magic. The first time was when Meirin used a simple lighting spell and made a water bubble for him. And now they were using magic to ride over the lake like a reed going down a river.



As they moved over the lake, Zhao couldn't help but be shocked. He knew that there was magic in this world and that Meirin was an eighth level water mage, but he was still amazed.



Meirin looked very relaxed, confident in her ability over the water, like she was invincible. When she said that there may be a spirit beast, she wasn't even a little worried, because she believes that she can easily kill it.



Using magic to ride on the water rapidly got them across, where before it took them three hours to walk to that valley, but now it only took them half an hour to reach the other side of the mountain. Fortunately, they saw the cave that was the entrance to the mines near the castle, which proves that this was indeed the same lake. This means that they could use this lake as a waterway, allowing them to move in secret to the valley.



Once they reached the other side, Meirin removed her magic, and Zhao could finally jump down to the ground. Feeling the earth under his feet felt really good. When they were going over the clear water, Zhao couldn't shake the thought that he was going to fall into it, making him feel uncomfortable.



After the trio walked through the cave, they saw a lot of slaves working. It wasn't noon, not yet the time for them to rest, so a lot of them were cleaning the mines, while many other slaves were doing carpentry.



To keep the blue-eyed rabbits in this place, they will need a lot of fences. And since they didn't have iron, they had no choice but to use wood.



When they were exiled to the castle, Green brought some wood, although not very much. He preferred to buy finished products, because he knew that even if some of the slaves knew some carpentry, they wouldn't be able to make anything too complicated. After all, slaves with good craftsman skills couldn't be bought with a cheap price.



When the trio appeared, the slaves were taken aback, immediately bowing down three times to them. The trio nodded their heads at the slaves, and then walked out of the mines.



Meg and Rockhead were standing outside the mines, and were very surprised when they saw the three walk out. Meg quickly greeted them and asked, "Master, Grandma, how did you come out from the mines?"



Meirin smiled. "We came from across the lake. On the other side, there's a valley which we have chosen as the most appropriate place for cultivation. Master has just improved some of the land there, so now we're back."



Meg's eyes lit up. "Really? That's great! I did not expect that you would be so successful."



They spoke some more about the lake and the valley, until Meirin turned to Zhao and said, "Master, let's return to the castle to rest. I have something to tell you."



Zhao was surprised for a moment. He didn't know what Meirin wanted to talk about, but after seeing the solemn look on her face, he immediately nodded his head. "Well, then let's go back. Blockhead, you stay and help Meg and Rockhead." Blockhead agreed to stay, while Meg said that they would continue to look after the slaves.



Meirin and Zhao we





nt to the living room after arriving at the castle. Zhao looked puzzled. "Grandma Meirin, what do you want to tell me that you couldn't say outside?"



"Master, when we came back today, on the way, I explored the situation with the lake, but I didn't find any strong water magic. There are only two explanations for this. One, the water spirit beast is very powerful, and very good at hiding its wherabouts from me. But that is almost impossible because I'm a mage of the eighth level. I am very confident that nothing can hide in the water if I tried to look for it. The second explanation is that there is simply no powerful water spirit beast at all. That would mean that there must be another reason why there are no fish in the water."



Zhao soon realized the seriousness of the problem. The underground lake was an important part of their plans for the future development of his fief. If there was no way to raise fish, then they would lose an important source of funding. If such a large lake couldn't be used, then that would really be a waste. Zhao was sullen. "Can you identify the reason?"



Meirin's face was also heavy. "I once heard a rumor, although I don't know if it's related to the lake situation." She paused. "They say that there is a reason why the Black Waste is so close to the carrion swamp. It's because every so often there would be an army of toxic undead spirit beasts that would charge into the Black Waste, and then kill every living creature. In doing so, they would poison the soil and turn this area into a wasteland of death. But no one has come to the Black Waste for a long time, so this rumor has never been proven. But if it was true, then this is probably the reason why there are no fish in the lake."



Zhao's face changed. If it really was like Meirin said, then this was big. Meirin, Green, Blockhead, and Rockhead could handle themselves, but some of the slaves couldn't fight. If undead spirit beasts really did come out of the carrion swamp and attacked them, then those people would die.



Zhao rubbed his forehead, which was a habit he had in his past life.



Meirin was also worried. If such a thing could happen, then they might have to stop their plans for raising money, making it hard for everyone to live here.



"If what you say is true, then we're in big trouble," Zhao said. "Grandma Meirin, we'll wait for Grandpa Green to come back before we discuss this any further. But I'll tell you, starting tomorrow, stop the slaves from cleaning the mines. Instead, we'll use the supplies we brought to build some simple weapons. The slaves could train at the same time they'll be making repairs to the castle. If anything happens, we could rely on the castle to withstand an attack. And if that doesn't work, I could put everyone in my space so we could avoid those undead spirit beasts."



Meirin frowned. "But we've already been in the Black Waste for a few days and yet nothing has come out of the carrion swamp, so there might not be a problem. I hope that my worries are unnecessary."



Zhao shook his head. "Whether it's something we should worry about or not, we still need to take preventive measures. Right now there's a chance for the Buda clan to thrive here, but if all was lost, then there would be no hope for us to stand on."



"Well, I'll go make the arrangements. But you should know that most of the supplies we brought were for living. We simply didn't bring any weapons, so how do we make some?"



Zhao couldn't think of anything. If his spatial farm's level was high enough, then he could plant some trees and make weapons out of them. But his current level was too low. And he couldn't just give the slaves corn stalks to defend themselves against the undead.



Zhao rubbed his forehead until there was a big red mark on it, but nothing came to mind, until all of a sudden he noticed the stone floor. A light bulb flashed in his mind. "Grandma Meirin, tomorrow, we'll tell some of the slaves to bring a lot of stones back, so we could prepare some stone weapons. Although they aren't exactly powerful, it should be enough to defend ourselves with."



Meirin thought about it, and agreed. "Well, thanks to the king, we couldn't take any weapons with us, so that will have to do for now. But if that's the case, then when Green comes back, we'll have him purchase some weapons soon."



Zhao nodded. He really did not think that one day they would have to return to the Stone Age.



Looks like the higher ups in the Empire really didn't want to give them a way out, otherwise they would have allowed the Buda clan to take arms with them to the Black Waste. He didn't believe that none of those guys didn't also hear of those rumors about the Black Waste.



It wasn't enough for them to face starvation in this place, they might also have to face a new crisis of undead spirit beasts.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 27




Chapter 27





Chapter 27 - 50,000 Catty per Day



While Zhao was distressed about the weapons, a voice suddenly popped up: [Corn has matured. Please harvest as soon as possible]



Zhao was surprised, but then he looked at Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, the corn I planted has matured. Do you want to come with me into the space?" Even though Meirin had been in the spatial farm before, he was still respectful to her and wanted to ask her first instead of just taking her with him.



Hearing what Zhao said, she nodded her head. "Yes Master, I want to go look at the space."



With a thought, the two people appeared in the spatial farm.



Because of the space, the radishes that he planted the morning before had grown small leaves, but the corn had already reached full maturity. The corn was very long and sturdy, while the cobs were big, around fifty centimeters, with kernels bursting at the seams, exposing their golden color.



Meirin had never seen corn before and was curious because she didn't know what to do with it.



Zhao walked towards the corn and broke off one of the big cobs. With the outer green leaves lowered, the golden corn was exposed, revealing big and full kernels. The amount that was produced was not low, and if he calculated the yield, then there would be fifty thousand catty of corn here.



Zhao handed the corn cob to Meirin and smiled. "Grandma Meirin, you see, as long as we process this corn, it can be used as food. Although it's not the best tasting crop I could grow, it could still fill you up. These two acres are enough to produce fifty thousand catty per day, and if they made seeds, then we could use them to plant a thousand acres of land. So we do not need to worry about food."



Taking the corn from him, Meirin's eyes bulged out. "Master, are you telling me that everyday we could get fifty thousand catty worth of food?"



With a smile, Zhao nodded. He knew that Meirin thought that a one lump sum of fifty thousand catty worth of food for more than a hundred people probably wasn't that much, but fifty thousand catty per day, that figure was a little scary. Also, although Zhao didn't mention it, in this space the corn would only need fourteen hours or so to mature, so it would actually take less than a day.



Meirin kept whispering, "Fifty thousand catty per day, fifty thousand catty per day..."



Zhao laughed. "Grandma Meirin, I told you that this corn stuff is not very good. I'll eventually start planting other crops, but this is only the transitional period, so this will have to do for now."



Meirin quickly recovered, and said. "No, Master, do not plant anything else. With such a high yield food, we do not need to plant anything else." She was so excited that she was almost incoherent.



"Don't worry, I'm not planting anything else yet. But Grandma Meirin, you do not need to get so excited about this kind of thing. There are many foods that are high yield, although not as much as corn, they are still good."



Meirin heard what Zhao said and nodded her head. "That's good, Master. But how do we harvest this food? We're going to need a lot of helping hands."



Zhao slightly chuckled. "It's nothing I can't handle if I count on this space." Then he shouted, "Harvest the corn. Separate the stalks, then separate the kernels from the cobs." He wanted to see if the spatial farm would find it acceptable when he issued such a complicated command. If his command was accepted, then he could be sure that the space would fully listen to him.



Meirin had a puzzled look on her face as she stared at Zhao. She did not know who he was talking to, but then what happened in th





e space left her stunned. A basket flew up into the air and the corn started to fly into the basket.



Before Meirin could react, Zhao immediately walked to the front of the barn. He touched the barn doors, and after he got a prompt, he loosened his breath and laughed.



"Master, what are you laughing about? And how did you do that?" she asked while pointing at the cleared land.



Zhao smiled. "Nothing, Grandma Meirin. I didn't tell you yet, but I can control anything in this space. Whether it's farming or harvesting, I don't need to worry about it."



"That's great, Master." Meirin looked excited. "Now what do you plan to plant next?"



This was the moment of truth, so Zhao was very careful. With just a thought, a handful of corn kernels appeared in his hands.



When the corn came out, a tone chimed and the voice said: [Corn. Excellent quality. Can be used as seeds. Can be brought out of the space]



Zhao looked happy as he said, "Sow the corn." After his voice faded, a small shovel flew out to start plowing, then one by one, seeds appeared out of nowhere and fell to the ground, while a bucket started watering everything.



Meirin looked stunned. She really did not think that Zhao's space could be so magical. This ability, let alone seen, she had never even heard of it before. She was very happy because this magical space would give the Buda clan a meteoric rise.



Soon the two acres of land were replanted. Afterwards, Zhao went to look at the radishes. There have not yet been any insects like in the farm game he used to play. Seeing as there were no problems with the radishes, Zhao stood up turned to Meirin. "Let's go out, Grandma Meirin."



Meirin nodded, and with just a thought, Zhao brought the two of them back into the living room of the castle.



Looking outside, Zhao figured that they hadn't been inside the space for very long. He then turned to Meirin while holding corn stalks and corn cobs in his hands, which he had brought out before they left the space. "Grandma Meirin, with these, we don't need to worry about firewood."



Meirin quickly nodded. "Okay Master, come with me. We'll put these right there in the kitchen."



Zhao shook his head. "No, Grandma Meirin. They need to be dried in the sun first, otherwise they would still have some moisture. We have to completely dry them after we take them from the barn."



"Well, then let's put them outside. The castle has plenty of empty spaces."



Zhao followed Meirin outside.



Looking at the corn stalks and corn cobs on the ground, Zhao said, "After drying the stalks, Grandma Meirin, you can burn these for cooking. And if the slaves are cold at night, you can burn these to keep them warm."



Meirin looked at the two piles of firewood, her face full of smiles. Now she finally didn't have to worry about finding something to use as firewood. "Yes, Master. I'll deal with this matter with the slaves."



Zhao nodded, then he looked at the sky. "It's not late yet, Grandma Meirin. Let's call Meg in for lunch. And after lunch, we'll arrange for someone to get some stones. Unfortunately, we don't have a blacksmith, otherwise we might have been able to make some iron weapons out of the suppplies."



The number of slaves with skills were small, and those with blacksmith skills were even less. Slave owners were afraid of slaves learning blacksmith skills because then they would know how to build weapons, so no one gave slaves access to that knowledge. If you ever encounter a slave that knows blacksmith skills, then he was probably a blacksmith that later became a slave.



After the two went back inside the castle, Meirin went to prepare lunch, while Zhao sat in the hall, quietly thinking about things.



Right now they were facing a huge crisis. If those undead spirit beasts really did come out of the carrion swamp, then what means did they have to stop it? If they came out, not only would this trouble his farming plans, but also his future plans for aquaculture. He had to think of some way to resolve this problem.



But how could he solve it? For many years, not one expert in the Continent had survived the forbidden carrion swamp.



Zhao was unable to think of anything.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 28




Chapter 28





Chapter 28 - Horse Bone



Zhao was very clear that his spatial farm had no attack power, nor any defensive capabilities. The only thing it could do, in addition to planting crops, was allow him to hide inside in fear.



He had no confidence that he could deal with the carrion swamp with his spatial farm. Do not forget that the carrion swamp was one of the five forbidden areas in the Continent, not to mention the potential threat of undead spirit beasts. With no attack force, how could he deal with the carrion swamp?



Not knowing how much time had past, Zhao could only come to the decision that if spirit beasts really did come out of the carrion swamp, they could only rely on the castle to fight them. And if they couldn't, then everyone would have to hide inside his space. Ten acres should be enough to hold all those people.



Just then Zhao suddenly heard a noise coming from outside. He looked out and realized that it was noon, so the slaves should be coming back for lunch. He also saw Meg, Blockhead, and Rockhead coming in from outside. When the three saw Zhao, they immediately went up to meet him.



"Master," they all said.



Zhao nodded and smiled at the three. "I need you to arrange something for me. In the open space, there are some corn stalks and corn cobs. Arrange them into firewood, then tell the slaves that if they feel cold at night, they could take some for heating."



Meg looked puzzled. "Master, what is this corn?"



"Corn is the main crop for our future that I'm growing. The corn stalks and corn cobs could be used to light a fire. It's something I've already discussed with Grandma Meirin after I had planted the corn."



Meg's eyes lit up as she looked at Zhao. "Master, the yield of corn is really high, right?"



"Yes." Zhao nodded with a smile. "Go arrange them first, and then come back to eat when you're done. Grandma Meirin should be finished with making our meals by then."



The trio nodded, then turned and walked out of the castle.



Later on, Meirin came out from the castle. She had also heard some movement outside, but she understood that it was Meg. She then called Zhao in. "Master, lunch is ready."



Zhao nodded and walked into the dining room, while Meirin went back into the kitchen to get his meal. While sitting in the dining room, he realized that he was becoming more and more lazy. In his past life, he had to prepare his own meals and also clean the house. All the housework was done by him alone.



But in the Ark Continent, he was the master. Even if he was willing, he naturally couldn't do housework with his own hands. To be honest, this was becoming a terrible habit as Zhao had started to become accustomed to having others serve him.



Meirin came in, holding a tray, which held a simple meal of bread and vegetables, and some meat. But Zhao was the only one to get any meat. Even Blockhead and Rockhead didn't get any.



Although the food was very simple, it was still carefully prepared by Meirin for Zhao. He got to use the best things. He got to eat the best foods. In this castle, he was the center. This made Zhao feel very grateful, but it also gave him a great amount of pressure.



He was not Adam Buda. He was a responsible man. The more Meirin did good things for him, the more pressure he felt. These people treated him as the center of their lives, that is to say, they relied on his survival. Although the Buda clan had been forced down, as long as he was alive, there was a chance that the Buda clan could rise up and not get bullied by the other nobles.



But Zhao wasn't comfortable with this. If he was the center of these people's lives, then





he also has the responsibility to make their lives better. The pressure on him was really great.



Meirin saw that Zhao wasn't eating and was just staring at his plate in a daze. Thinking that Zhao was dissatisfied with his lunch, she quickly asked, "Master, is the meal not to your taste?"



Zhao looked up and managed to put on a slight smile. "No, Grandma Meirin. This meal is good. I was just thinking of what I could do that would let everyone in the castle be able to eat meals like these."



Meirin's eyes were red as the beginnings of tears formed. She smiled at Zhao. "As long as young master has the space, sooner or later, you would be able to do this. I believe in Master."



Zhao could only nod. "Yes, ah, sooner or later." Just then Meg and the the two came in from outside. Meirin immediately went into the kitchen to prepare three more meals.



Once everyone started eating at the same time, Zhao turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, this afternoon arrange for someone to gather some stones. This takes priority right now. As for the valley, as long as you can take me there every day, then that should be fine."



After seeing Zhao performing his magical ability in the space, her confidence in him greatly increased. She immediately nodded and said, "Okay. This afternoon I'll organize them to bring back some stones. Master, you go and have a good rest."



Zhao knew that he wouldn't be much help. Ever since he drank the Water of Nothingness, he became even weaker than the slaves when it comes to physical labor. Besides, Meirin wouldn't have allowed him to carry any stones.



After lunch, he went to rest, while Meirin immediately organized the slaves to gather some stones. But it was harder than she thought.



They still had a few mining tools. Now they just needed to find some good stones that didn't have too much damage. After all, they had to use something to make stone weapons with.



Stone weapons shouldn't be that difficult to make. You couldn't make anything powerful, but you could still make things like stone spears or stone hammers.



Plus, they would need some of the mined stones to help repair the castle. After all, Zhao wanted them to be prepared from the very beginning. They had to have a way to keep those undead spirit beasts from attacking. They didn't have that ability, so they could only rely on the castle's defense, otherwise they had no other way to restrain them.



But they soon faced a problem. Although it was formerly an iron mine, the dwarves had already mined out everything, including all the iron ore. The results were hollowed out areas throughout the mountain, like the underground lake. So just finding a site to mine took some effort.



Meirin finally found a small mine near the castle that they could exploit, but this small mine actually didn't have much stones they could mine. Meirin could not help but lament. Dwarven mines were really mined out, like the place had been completely looted clean, making people cry.



By the end of the afternoon, Meirin frustratingly returned to the castle. They found that their approach to making stone weapons wouldn't work. They had no experience in mining stones, and they didn't have a lot of handy tools to use. Work efficiency was low. Plus there weren't many stones here. It had all been taken out long ago. Finally, Meirin had to tell Zhao about this. So the plan had to be canceled.



Zhao rested for the afternoon. After tiring himself out physically during the morning workout, plus the long way he had to walk today, he immediately fell asleep the moment he lied down.



When he woke up, Meirin told him the news about the stones. It seemed like they had no choice but to wait for Green to come back. Once the radishes were sold, they would be able to buy a number of weapons.



Green had not returned yet, so they couldn't do anything. If the undead spirit beasts from the carrion swamp really did attack, then they would have to hide in the space.



As Zhao tried to figure out what to do, Meg suddenly ran in from outside with a look of excitement. "Master, there's good news!"



Zhao noticed the change in Meg again when she excitedly hugged him. When she now saw Zhao, instead of keeping her head down, she was more lively than ever.



Meirin at once asked, "What happened?"



Meg immediately smiled. "Grandma, there's a slave who could weave weeds. I saw woven mats, curtains, and even sandals."



Zhao didn't understand for a moment, but then his eyes lit up. This was a turning point.



He had made a promise that he would free them from slavery if they worked hard and had some skills. But the slaves hadn't yet taken any initiative to show off their skills, and although they were working hard, Zhao was still very disappointed.



Zhao knew that the slaves were afraid to be noticed, so any desire to change the situation would need a very long process, and someone to first display their skills which would lead others to do it too. Those slaves had been oppressed for so long that their minds might have become numb. If they wanted to accept the new promise, it would take a very long time.



Zhao had been well prepared for a long wait, but he didn't think that today one of the slaves would give him a surprise.



Even if the slave that came forward only had modest skills, this was still a good thing. After all, if you tell your daughter to buy a horse bone, a horse bone will appear.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 29




Chapter 29





Chapter 29 - Reward



Zhao happily stood up. "Take me to see that man."



He pulled on Meg's hand and rushed straight towards the slave. Meg froze for a moment, then looked at Zhao's hand holding on to hers. Her eyes flashed with joy, followed by shyness.



But Zhao wasn't paying any attention, so he didn't notice. He also wasn't aware that Meirin was following behind them.



Several people were outside the castle, which was where he found the slave. Seeing the slave standing there, Zhao seemed to have made a mistake. It turned out that the slave was female. Zhao had thought that it would be a male slave, and didn't think that it would be a woman.



The female slave looked like she was ten years old, possibly because of malnutrition. She was thin and very petite, with long brown hair that was a bit frizzy, and her coarse clothes were worn over dark rough skin.



She looked nervous standing there.



But it wasn't just her, all the slaves were trembling. When they saw Zhao come out, they immediately kneeled on the ground, not daring to move.



"Master, her name is Beans," Meg said. "She's twenty years old this year, and she was the one that came to me with the woven weeds."



Zhao nodded. He knew that in this world, slaves didn't have real names. Their names were generally only a word, and that word would become their name. He looked at the girl called Beans and said, "Lift your head."



Beans gingerly raised her head, but did not dare to look at Zhao, only staring at his knees.



"You're called Beans?" Zhao asked.



Beans bowed her head. "Yes, Master."



"Where did you learn how to weave weeds?"



"I wasn't always a slave. Two years ago, I was a commoner. My family would often weave straw, so I slowly learned it."



Zhao nodded. Although this girl called Beans spoke timidly, her words were very structured. It appeared that she was a commoner who had a little education. "Get some weeds and weave some for me."



Beans immediately ran off. When she came back, she was holding a large amount of weeds. It appears that she was well prepared. These weeds seemed to have been drenched in water, which made them much more pliable.



"Please forgive my rudeness, Master," Beans said as she sat on the ground and began weaving with her hands. It seemed like she was making a mat. Her hands were moving very fast, and soon a small woven mat appeared. The surface of the mat was very smooth, and although it was very weak, it looked beautiful.



Zhao looked at Beans who had knelt on the ground. "Well, Beans, the Buda clan is willing to give you a great reward. Starting today, you are no longer a slave. So you don't need to kneel, only to salute. Plus you will get a separate room and will be paid a wage in silver for your work. Not only that, you will also become part of the Buda clan. From now on your name is Beans Buda. No, wait, that's not a name suitable for girls. You will be called Daisy Buda."



Everyone heard what Zhao said, but they never imagined that such a simple crafting skill of weaving weeds would be able to make you a commoner. As well as wages, the most important part was that she would also get Zhao's surname. A lot of commoners in the Continent didn't have a noble name.



Beans, no, now should be called Daisy, was so excited that her whole body was trembling. She really didn't think that she would become a commoner again, and not a slave. All of this was like a dream.



The reason Daisy Buda had the courage to stand up and be the first to show off her skill was because of what happened two years ago. Her fam





ily actually had land of their own, although it was only five acres. If they avoided offending any strong people, they would be able to feed their family. Plus her father had some mason skills, so they didn't have to worry about food or clothing.



But then their land was infested by harmful insects eating their acres of food. And it wasn't just them. There were many people who suffered the same fate with their lands not yielding anything, leading to rising food prices Their family was soon pushed to the edge of hunger. To let the family eat, her father had to work day and night, until he suffered an injury, and so wasn't able to continue working.



In order to get her father a doctor, they had to sell their land and their house, but it still wasn't enough money. So they had no choice but to borrow money from a nobleman. But her father could not hold on, and soon died. Unable to pay back the money, the nobility took her mother, her brother, and her as slaves. But because of grief, her mother also died. Before her death, her only desire was to restore the family's status as free commoners.



But reverting from a slave identity back to a commoner was extremely difficult. Before she was taken in by the Buda clan, Daisy saw a lot of slaves that tried to restore their freedom. There was a man who had a daughter that was a slave. Trying to free her, he sold his home to someone of nobility, but he still couldn't get back her commoner status. In the end, that girl was soon tortured to death.



After seeing something like that, Daisy became more careful and tried not to make people notice her, while also taking care of her brother, since all the sibilings had was each other.



Later, after her original owner sold her to a slave trader, Green finally bought them, and they were taken to the Black Waste.



When she first heard what Zhao said about how making enough contributions to the Buda clan would help them revert back to commoner status, Daisy's heart was moved. At first, she didn't want to stand out, afraid that her crafting skill wasn't fancy enough for Zhao. After all, she could only weave weeds. But after a few days of observing him, she found that even though he was nobility, he wasn't the same as the ones she previously encountered. He was very easy going, and every day he gave them something to eat, and even prepared them some firewood for heating.



Today, Daisy tried to stand out because her brother was sick. Though it wasn't that big of a problem now, but continuing on like this would be dangerous. As as slave, she had no way of saving him, so she had to figure something out.



After freezing for a moment, Daisy finally snapped out of her head. "Master, I can't accept your reward. I just want to save my brother. He is sick."



"Oh, you have a brother? Rest assured, I won't take back the reward just because you have a brother here. How about I let your brother join you? Together, you will both resume your identity as commoners, also with the surname Buda. Oh yes, what's his name? Where is he? And what disease does he have?"



Daisy was shocked. She never thought that Zhao would actually do this, even allowing her brother to return to commoner status. Having her mother's desire be achieved brought excited tears to her eyes. She sobbed loudly, "Master, my brother's called Ann. He's now at the house."



Zhao nodded. "You, get up. You are now a commoner, you do not need to be on your knees. Now take me to your brother."



Daisy obediently stood up while trying to calm herself down. Under the watchful eyes of the slaves, Daisy led Zhao to the house. It was a stone house, not very big, only about twenty square meters, and was able to accomodate four people. They slept on the ground, which they simply covered in weeds. Right now there was a man lying on a pile of weeds.



This man looked to be in his teens, his body was fairly robust, and he was wearing coarse clothes. There was also the Buda clan crest branded on his forehead. But he didn't look too good. His eyes were closed and there was a sickly air around him.



Zhao looked at Ann, then turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, why is his face green?"



"Master, it looks like he's been poisoned, most likely from those poisonous weeds we saw earlier. He must have inadvertently encountered those weeds, and because he was physically strong at the time, he probably didn't feel anything until after he came back when the poison slowly worked its effect."



Who knew that kind of toxic weed would have such a strong poison, so Zhao quickly asked, "Can it be cured?"



Meirin smiled. "Rest assured, Master. It can be cured." She whispered a spell and soon blue light appeared in her hands, which immediately moved to Ann's body.



Ann started to emit blue light, followed by a surge of green gas being forced out of him, until the blue light wholely occupied Ann's body. Eventually, his complexion slowly returned to normal, and then the blue light disappeared.



Zhao didn't expect that magic could even be used to detoxify. It seemed like he had underestimated the ability of this world's magic. Since this world was a magic civilization, they had almost developed magic to the limit. Now it wasn't surprising if they could do such amazing things.



"Master, he's been cured of the poison," Meirin said. "Just let him sleep. Tomorrow, he will be back to normal."



Zhao nodded, then he turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, tomorrow, please arrange some rooms at the castle for Daisy and her brother. They are now part of the Buda clan, and should no longer be treated as slaves."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 30




Chapter 30





Chapter 30 - Broke



In the evening, Zhao deliberately let Daisy eat dinner with the Buda clan.



He wanted Daisy to set an example to the slaves, so they could shine with new vitality. If the slaves wanted to change their current living conditions, then the best way was to be more creative and think of something.



Daisy Buda was very nervous. Although she now had a commoner status, she also knew that commoners were not qualified to dine together with nobility.



But when Meirin served dinner to everyone, Daisy was shocked. When she was a commoner, although she had not seen it, she had heard about the meals that the nobility would eat. How much they ate, what they ate, everything from the first meal was incredible. She had even heard that some of the bowls and plates were made of gold or silver. So when Zhao called her to eat with them, she thought it would be more like that sort of situation.



Seeing what Meirin was serving, she could not believe that Zhao's dinner was ordinary bread, some soup, vegetables, and meat. Zhao was the only one that had meat, while the others did not. Even so, their dinner wasn't that much better than the slaves'.



Zhao had noticed how Daisy was acting. Ever since she came into the dining room, she was so nervous that she was just standing there, not daring to sit. Looking at her, he couldn't help but chuckle. "Daisy, come and sit down. I have given you my surname, so according to the rules, you can be considered part of the Buda clan. Don't be so uptight and sit." Zhao spoke while winking to Meg.



Meg understood his meaning, so she walked around to Daisy and smiled. "Sister Daisy, sit down. Master is very easy going. Everyday we would eat a meal with the young master, so don't worry."



Daisy knew of Meg's status. She was a servant of the Buda clan. In other places, such a person would have a high status, at least much higher than commoners. But over the past few days, she had been in contact with her, so she knew that Meg was a good person. Even though she was the one watching over the slaves, she didn't abuse them, only making sure that they were working. So Daisy's tension slowly eased away.



After Meirin placed down all of their meals, she looked at Daisy who was still a little nervous. "You do not need to be so tensed. Rest assured, Master is very nice. Tell me, you used to be a commoner, right? So how did you become a slave?"



With Meirin's kind look, the last trace of Daisy's nervousness vanished. She whispered her story of how she came to be a slave.



Zhao didn't say anything, only quietly listening until Daisy finished, then he sighed. "With how the nobles act, it's a miracle that this world didn't fall into chaos. Daisy, if you want to be a servant of the Buda clan, with your commoner status, you will receive a monthly wage. Tomorrow, follow Meg around and learn from her."



Although Zhao was excited about Daisy's woven weeds, he also knew that her crafting skill wouldn't be much help. Today, the reason Zhao rewarded Daisy so much wasn't because of her skill, it was because of her courage. She dared to stand out, so Zhao rewarded her for it. Hopefully, Daisy would become an example to the slaves and get them to work harder.



After dinner, they went to the living room.



When Zhao sat down, he said to Daisy, "Daisy, Blockhead and Rockhead will send you a bed, along with some bedding. Take care of your brother today. Tomorrow morning, go along with Meg and do what she tells you to. And when there's nothing else to do, weave some weeds and send them to the slaves outside the castle. The weather has been getting a little chilly lately. The woven mats could be used to hang over the windows to





block out the cold wind."



Daisy immediately said, "Yes, Master."



Zhao slightly chuckled. "Daisy, you're now a servant of the Buda clan. Not a slave. You don't have to call me Master like I'm your slave owner. Call me as you would a young master, like how Meg and the rest does it." He then turned to the two men. "Blockhead and Rockhead, you go bring some bedding for Daisy's and Ann's room. Daisy, you go back to take care of your brother."



The three turned away and left. Meg and Meirin had been standing next to Zhao, and heard him sigh. "I really hope that Daisy can stimulate the slaves, and then maybe the slaves could make something that could help the Buda clan."



Meirin nodded. She knew how difficult the situation the Buda clan was in. Although they brought a lot of supplies to the Black Waste, most of the supplies were food and clothing, and a few tools. There were too many things that they didn't buy, otherwise they would have given each of the slaves a bed.



Although there was now no pressure for food, they always had to worry about the carrion swamp.



Meirin and Meg were confident in their skills. She believed that even if there were a few spirit beasts, they could deal with them. Do not forget that she was an eighth level water mage, while Meg was a sixth level mage. And Blockhead and Rockhead were sixth level warriors. So they had enough skill to deal with certain situations.



The reason that Meirin didn't dare be at ease was because she wasn't sure of herself when it came to the carrion swamp. That was one of the five forbidden areas in the Continent. Even if a ninth level mage went in, they might not necessarily be able to come out, never mind an eighth level mage like her.



Even if they didn't go to the carrion swamp, and were instead attacked by too many spirit beasts, she couldn't say for sure that she could repel them. So she did not dare be at ease.



Just then, Zhao suddenly stood up, and turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, I'm going into the space. The magic radishes have matured and I have to harvest them. Do you want to come?"



Meirin shook her head. "No, not this time, Master. I'm going to go clean the kitchen. Let Meg accompany you."



Zhao nodded and turned to Meg. "Meg, do you want to come with me to a certain place? This place is the biggest secret of the Buda clan. Only me, Grandma Meirin, Blockhead, and Rockhead know of it. Even Grandpa Green doesn't know about it yet, so don't mention it to others."



Meg saw how solemn Zhao was. She couldn't help but turn around to look at Meirin, who said, "Meg, listen to the young master."



Meg immediately nodded her head. "Yes, Master. You may rest assured, I certainly won't tell anyone."



With a single thought, they went into the spatial farm. Meg's reaction was almost like Meirin's, swerving her head back and forth as she looked at the radishes and corn seedlings that were starting to grow.



Looking around this magical space, she understood why this was the Buda clan's biggest secret. This was the hope of the their revival, so it had to be taken very seriously.



Zhao explained everything about this space while he separately harvested the radishes and radish leaves.



After harvesting the radishes, he accessed his shop and bought another bag of radish seeds. Now he only had fifty gold coins left. Of course, he could have just planted his other bags of seeds, but now was not the time to plant different crops.



When he was finished, Zhao turned to Meg and said, "Meg, this space is the hope of our Buda clan, so don't say anything about it to others."



Meg was stern. "Master, don't worry, I understand the severity. I won't speak about it."



Hearing that, Zhao nodded. "Let's go out."



With a thought, the two appeared in the living room. Blockhead and Rockhead had come back, but the two weren't surprised at the sudden appearance of Zhao and Meg. They had already been to the space, so they knew how it was.



"Well, we should all go rest," Zhao said to everyone there. "Tomorrow, we'll have plenty of things to keep us busy. Meg, remember to teach Daisy a lot." Having uttered that, Zhao slowly walked towards his room.



Lying in bed, Zhao got a chance to think about what to do next. Now he was broke with only fifty gold coins left. If he needed to sell anything in the space, he preferred to sell radishes. Before Green comes back, the radishes don't have many uses, except for the radish leaves. Even if he decided to sell the radishes, he still wouldn't have to worry about what to feed the blue-eyed rabbits.



Not only that, he still had corn, which would be useful as food. So Zhao didn't intend to sell the corn at all.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 31




Chapter 31





Chapter 31 - Mill Stone



With a thought, Zhao entered his spatial farm. This time he didn't take anyone with him. The reason he allowed Meirin and Meg to look around the space was in order to secure their help for the Buda clan.



Once they knew about the spatial farm, they would be more confident about the future. With the Black Waste throwing them into one crisis after another, if they were to lose confidence, then everything would be over.



In the spatial farm, Zhao immediately sold his radishes, but only three quarters of it this time. This earned him a total of fifteen hundred gold coins, in addition to his original fifty gold coins. And if he used these coins to buy radish seed bags, he would be able to plant ten new batches of radishes.



Anyway, the radishes were able to earn him a lot of money. If he were to sell the rest of them, he would be able to earn even more, but he decided to wait until Green came back. Maybe then he could buy some books about plants so he would be able to decide what were the best crops to grow in the future. But right now he knew very little about the plants that grew on the Continent.



Tomorrow, he would get another batch of radishes. He had told Green that he had eighty thousand catty, so even though he had sold three quarters of his radish supply, with this new batch, he would temporarily have a sufficient amount.



But although selling those radishes gave him fifteen hundred gold, it still wasn't adequate enough. Zhao felt very helpless. His level was too low. Even if he wanted to buy higher ranked seeds, he couldn't. With such a slow speed, he didn't know how long it would take for him to level up.



Leaving the spatial farm, Zhao soon fell asleep on his bed.



The next morning, Zhao was woken by the space telling him that his radishes had matured. But it wasn't just the radishes, the corn were also about to mature too.



Zhao immediately harvested the radishes, then he bought another bag of radish seeds. Since it seemed like the corn would need just a few more minutes to mature, Zhao decided not to leave the spatial farm yet. Instead, he washed his face and rinsed his mouth while he waited.



Looking at those corn, Zhao felt like a glutton. In his past life, he used to live in the northern city. At the time, no one considered corn as a staple food, but they would sometimes eat it as a meal, and it was good. Zhao had occasionally eaten it a few times as well, like when he traveled to the rural areas to visit his relatives, who gave him cornmeal pancakes. Delicious.



The cornmeal pancakes were completely different from the ones you could buy in the city. Although they were both made from coarse cornmeal, their pancakes were served with fragrant soup, along with some red crispy rice. Each bite of the crust released a waft of fragrance.



Thinking of it, Zhao could not help but salivate. He smiled as he swallowed his saliva.



But although he ate this cornmeal porridge with pancakes, he didn't know how to make it. Processing the corn seemed very troublesome as he would have to grind it down into cornmeal.



In his past life, processing corn was very simple. All you needed was to find a food processing plant with the right machines. But here it was a bit more difficult. They simply didn't have a grinder to process the corn.



Zhao sighed, but then the voice sounded. The corn was mature. Zhao immediately harvested this batch of corn, and then replanted more in the two acres. But while he looked at the corn field, he couldn't figure out how to process them.



Suddenly the clever Zhao discovered something about his problem. People must have grinded corn for many years before they used machines. At that time, the people weren't stupid, right? So





how did they process corn?



Zhao paced a few laps in the space, habitually touching his forehead, thinking of how his ancestors processed corn.



He suddenly smacked his head when he finally remembered something he had seen on TV. It was something that hadn't been used in a long time, but you would sometimes see it in rural areas.



Mill Stone!



Yes, when Zhao had gone to his relatives who lived in rural areas, he saw a disc. The disc wasn't used now but the rural people still had them. Out of curiosity, he asked about the disc. They told him that people would put rice or corn on the surface, and then they would roll another disc on top of it to grind it down.



Most importantly, he only needed some stones and a bit of wood to make it. Although they couldn't mine that much stones from the mountain, it should be sufficient since they didn't need that much good materials.



Thinking of this, Zhao immediately left the spatial farm, then he looked at the sky outside. Meg should also be up. Zhao pushed open the door to his room and walked out.



Zhao found Meg and Daisy who were carrying two copper basins towards his room. When they saw Zhao, Meg couldn't help but be surprised. "Master, how come you're up? Have you washed yet?"



"I just got up early and I already washed. Daisy, is your brother any better?"



Daisy, who was standing behind Meg, quickly said, "Master, brother is good. He's waiting outside to meet you."



Zhao smiled. "That's not the kind of place to hold an audience. Go call Ann and tell him to meet me in the living room. I have something to ask him."



Meg was stunned for a moment, but she didn't say anything. She followed behind Zhao as they went to the living room, while Daisy walked outside to call her brother.



There was a difference between the main parts of the castle and the servant rooms. The servants, such as Daisy and Ann, lived in the rooms of a small building behind the main part of the castle. Although they were now commoners and have been given Zhao's surname, their identities still had a long way to go to reach someone like Meg's. They could only be regarded as common servants.



Soon, Daisy returned with Ann. Her brother looked better, just a bit thin, but still very strong. Although he didn't look like someone who was dying, he still had his head down and he didn't dare to talk.



Daisy walked ahead and stopped in front of Zhao. "Master, I've brought Ann."



Zhao nodded. "Call him over. I have something to ask him."



Daisy called him over immediately, and when he came in front of Zhao, he knelt down and bowed. "Ann greets Master. Thank you, Master, for your kindness."



It seemed like Daisy had told him everything. Although he referred to Zhao as Master, he wasn't saying that Zhao was his slave owner.



"You don't have to be so polite," Zhao said. "You are now part of the Buda clan. Stand up and answer my questions."



Ann bowed his head and said, "Master." He then got up, but half his body was still bent and his head was down, afraid to look at Zhao.



Zhao couldn't help but wrinkle his brow when he saw Ann's apperance. He didn't like it when people acted that way towards him. Although Ann was no longer a slave, he still acted like it. "Ann, look up. You have to remember that you're now part of the Buda clan. You are a free commoner. Later, whenever you go out, you must not lose face for our clan. Don't kneel and act like a slave. It will make people look down on our Buda clan."



Seeing that Zhao seemed angry, Daisy and Ann knelt down while bowing. "Please, Master, punish us."



Zhao sighed. What did he just say? "Stand up, get off your knees." The two stood up, and Zhao noticed that Ann's back was as straight as possible. "Ann, let me ask you. Do you know any mason skills?"



Ann quickly said, "Yes, Master. My father was a mason. I learned a little from him. Although I'm not very proficient, I could still build a few things."



Zhao nodded. "That's good. I'm going to give you a drawing. See if you can build it. If you can, then immediately organize some people to mine stones. I want it done as soon as possible.



Ann's heart couldn't help but tighten, but he still bent over. "Yes, Master."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 32




Chapter 32





Chapter 32 - Planting Seeds



Zhao went upstairs to the study, followed by everyone else. The study was where Green had prepared some books. Although there weren't a lot of books, there was no shortage of pen and paper.



Seeing the pen, Zhao's eyes widened in surpise. It was an amazing thing made from animal bones, with the tip made out of metal, like some sort of combination between ancient and modern. However, the paper was nothing to boast about. Zhao had imagined that the paper would be white, but it was actually yellow. It looked like kraft paper, which Zhao remembered seeing when he was small.



From Adam's memories, although there were moments of sensual pleasures, there was little to do about writing on paper, which showed what kind of character Adam was.



Zhao picked up the pen and started drawing simple shapes on the paper. After he finished, he gave it to Ann.



Ann looked at the drawing and said, "Master, I can build this. Although it isn't exactly the same, I've already built something similar."



This assured Zhao. "Well, do a good job." He then turned to Meg. "Meg, you will arrange for forty men to follow Ann into the mountain. The remaining men should go gather some weeds, while the women learn how to weave weeds from Daisy. Hopefully, they would be able to make enough mats to hang on the windows of their houses. And if the slaves feel too cold from sleeping on the ground, you can take the corn stalks and lay them on the ground for the slaves to sleep on. We have too little supplies on hand, including beds. If they slept on the floor they might fall sick, so layering some corn stalks should make do as a bed."



Zhao then tried to think if there was anything else he forgot to mention. "Also, if any of the slaves show you their skills, you must tell me about it."



After the meeting was over, Zhao and everyone else came out from the study. They walked into the living room where they encountered Meirin, who told them that breakfast was ready. At the table, Zhao told Meirin of what he arranged for today. Meirin had no objections. She believed that what Zhao did would make life better.



After breakfast, Meg immediately did what Zhao said. She gathered the women to make weed mats, while also getting some men to follow Ann to find stones that were suitable enough to make the disc for the mill stone.



Seeing everyone working hard at the castle, Zhao and Meirin went to the underground lake and traveled to the valley. This time it was just the two of them. Although there wasn't any danger, Meirin thought it was easier with one less person.



They soon arrived at the valley.



Although Zhao had improved the land here yesterday, nothing much had changed because he could only improve one mu of land per day.



After he finished today's land improvement, Meirin said, "Master, tomorrow we should get the slaves to plow the soil here so we could plant something."



Zhao shook his head. He wanted to use this piece of land to do a test. He didn't forget the first time he got a prompt from the small shovel, telling him that it could be taken outside the space. He wanted to see if he took it out, would it still be under his control. If it was, he would be able to plow the earth everyday.



Seeing Zhao shaking his head, Meirin knew that he was going to do something himself.



With a thought, a small shovel immediately flew out of the space. Non-stop, it started plowing and then sowing. He then thought of the corn seeds, and the seeds also flew out of the space as well, falling into the spots in the ground that have been sowed. Zhao felt assured after the seeds had been buried.



But then he found a problem. He discovered that the shov





el and seeds couldn't leave the range of the farm land. Also, he couldn't do anything too complicated with them. For example, the shovel could only be used for plowing and not anything else, and the seeds could only go into the ground and not anywhere else. He had also wanted to see if the water could do anything else besides improving the soil, but nothing happened.



Zhao felt discontent. If he could have changed what the water does with his mind, then perhaps he could have used it as an offensive weapon. Unfortunately, he could only water the soil.



Although Zhao wasn't satisfied, Meirin was very shocked. She had no idea that Zhao could use such a method for farming. He was like a god.



After more than two hours, ten acres of land were planted. The small shovel then immediately flew back into the space. Even though it was only ten acres of land, Zhao felt very satisfied with today's work.



He then wondered about something and turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, can you use your spells to pour water on this place?"



Meirin, after recovering from her shock, nodded her head, then she walked beside the pool. Whispering an incantation, a mass of water vapor rose up out of the pool and then gathered in the air. Finally, a light rain fell.



Zhao was again astounded by magic, feeling that it was really amazing to be able to create artificial rain.



In fact, what Zhao didn't know was that not all mages could do this. Like Meirin, only a senior mage could do it. This was supplementary magic, not aggressive. Offensive magic was a lot simpler.



Under Meirin's control, once the soil became wet, she immediately stopped her spell.



Zhao looked at the farm land with a sense of accomplisment, then he turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, unlike inside the space, the crops won't mature so quickly, so this is all we can do. We should go back. This is the most I could do to improve the farm land in one day."



Meirin nodded, then followed him into the cave.



As they traveled over the water, Zhao hoped that one day they would be able to ride over it with a boat. But they didn't have many things that could be used as boat building materials, so all he could do was hope.



The two had just come out of the cave on the other side of the lake when they heard the sound of chanting. Zhao and Meirin went to investigate and found the slaves trying to lift a stone out of the mines.



Zhao quickly went over. He first looked at the stone, but of course he couldn't tell if the stone was good or bad. He just wanted to see if the stone was big enough.



The stone was about five meters high with a diameter of about three to five meters. Seeing it, obviously the weight wasn't light. They had a lot of rope tied around the stone to try to carry it out of the mine.



Zhao quickly said. "Put down the stone. I'll bring it back to the castle. You all go continue exploring the mines to look for more stones."



The slaves looked puzzled. They knew how heavy the stone was. How could he carry it by himself? It didn't help that Zhao hadn't explained that he was going to use the space.



Although they didn't understand, they did not dare to go against him, so they immediately put the stone on the ground and took off the rope.



Once the rope was off, Zhao waved his hand and the stone was placed in his spatial barn.



The slaves were stunned from seeing this miraculous ability. Although there were items in the Continent that could do this, those things were generally only owned by great nobles. Even small nobles couldn't afford it. The slaves had only heard about it and have never actually seen anyone use it.



They thought that Zhao had used magic, so all of them were very excited in their hearts. "So our owner was a powerful mage," was what they all thought.



Zhao did not stay. Followed by Meirin, he walked towards the castle. On the way, they saw several male slaves in the mountain cutting weeds. Zhao didn't help them transport the weeds. Since they were very loose and light, those slaves should be able to bring the weeds back on their own.



Finally, they returned to the castle. In the castle square, they found a lot of women sitting down, weaving weed mats with Meg and Daisy.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 33




Chapter 33





Chapter 33 - Brainstorm



While working, the women had smiles on their faces. Life was full of hope, and it made them feel alive with something to look forward to every day.



Zhao's face couldn't help but smile too.



Some of the women were carrying the corn stalks. Zhao didn't intend to hide anything from these slaves. After all, they had been branded by the Buda clan crest, so their fates were now linked together with the Buda clan. There was no need to hide anything from them.



By now the slaves seemed to have adapted a little to Zhao's magical abilities. They didn't react much when he brought out the corn stalks.



Seeing the female slaves carrying the corn stalks, he told them, "You can use these as a bed when you lay them down on the floor. Also, you can use them to make a fire. But since the corn stalks still have some moisture, it's best to dry them first before you burn them."



This time, after hearing Zhao's words, the female slaves weren't in a hurry to kneel down. It seemed like Meg had talked to them.



In fact, unlike what Zhao guessed, this wasn't because of Meg. Although Meg was a servant, do not forget, she had a higher status than a common servant, even if the Buda clan had been forced down. Few of the slaves would dare look at her in the face, so it was hard to get along with her.



The reason for the change in the slaves was because of Daisy. Although Daisy became a commoner thanks to Zhao restoring her status, she had also been a slave for two years. In the eyes of the slaves, she was easier to get along with.



The main thing was that even though her status was restored and she now had her own room, she would still work and joke together with them, so the slaves found it easier to accept Daisy's words than anyone elses.



The status of slaves in the Continent was the lowest, to the point that some masters treated them less than dogs. They had even heard of how a noble family cared more about their dying family dog than killing one hundred slaves. This showed how low slaves were.



It was also because of this that slaves didn't have a great relationship with the nobility or anyone else of high status. It was hard for them to believe the words of nobility.



But the identity of Daisy was very special. She had been a slave, but had also been restored to a commoner. Plus Daisy was very honest, so she was able to talk to the slaves, and they would accept her words.



Even if they were slaves, the women would naturally chat together. While working with Daisy, they would ask her things about Zhao, and she didn't hide anything from them. Hearing what she said, they were very surprised, because they didn't expect that Zhao could be such a good person.



She had mentioned that Zhao didn't like it when people knelt in front of him. That, and the fact that he had been more benevolent these days, made the slaves less wary of him.



Zhao didn't care that much, to be honest. Even though he came from the modern age, he also had Adam's memories, so although he wasn't used to people kneeling in front of him, he could still accept it. However, he was more comfortable when they didn't greet him on their knees.



Meirin and Zhao had gone to the square to greet Meg. Afterwards, he went to a vacant area next to the square, where he took out the stone from the space.



Zhao then turned and watched the slaves weaving weed mats. Apparently, they were good enough to do this for a living. Their hands were flexible and they managed to learn this skill quickly.



Sitting on the ground, everyone was surrounded by piles of weeds, almost to the point of blocking them from his sight.



Seeing them like that, Zhao couldn'





;t help but think of something: Cao Chuan Jie Jian.



It was the story of how Zhuge Liang used straw boats and scarecrows to steal arrows from Cao Cao.



Straw boats? It was then that Zhao finally remembered seeing something on the news in his past life. Someone had made a boat out of grass to try to sail across the Pacific. Although he couldn't remember if the madman succeeded, he knew at least one thing for certain, you could make a boat out of weeds!



Zhao ran around in excitement. If he could really use weeds, then the problem of making a boat would be solved. He would be able to get to the valley on his own.



The thought of it made Zhao even more excited. However, standing next to him was Meirin, who was scared because she didn't understand why Zhao was running around. "Master, do you feel well?"



Zhao recovered and saw Meirin staring at him. He turned around, and sure enough, everyone else was staring at him too. Zhao became embarrassed, and quickly said, "Grandma Meirin, you and Meg and Daisy come with me to the living room. I have discovered something!"



Meirin didn't know what Zhao was going to do, but if he thought of it, then she believed that it must be a good thing. She quickly called Daisy and Meg into the living room with her.



Zhao was pacing back and forth in the living room while touching his forehead out of habit. He only stopped when the three came in.



"Come and sit down, I have something to say." The three people stood in front of Zhao, not daring to sit down.



Zhao smiled, then sat down himself, and waved them to do the same. "Please sit down." The three finally sat down, but they sat with their backs straight, and Daisy was even looking down.



While looking at the three, Zhao said, "I just suddenly thought of a way, Grandma Meirin, of how we could make a boat to get to the valley. Right now we don't have enough supplies to build a boat, but when I saw the pile of weeds, I suddenly thought, why can't we build a weed boat?"



They all stared at him, and even Daisy looked up. This was the first time they had heard of building a boat with weeds.



Meirin was uncertain. "Master, can it be done?"



Zhao smiled. "Yes, it certainly can. We just need a lot of weeds and compact them together, and maybe a bit of rope too. The mountain weeds are very tough, so boat building shouldn't be a problem. Meg and Daisy will lead the slaves to try to make it. Don't be afraid if it may take a few tries to be able to build it."



Meirin saw Zhao's confident look, and even though she didn't say anything, in her heart she thought that even if this doesn't work, the worse that could happen was that they would lose some weeds and rope.



Zhao continued, "Meg, come to the study. I'll give you some plans for a weed boat design." Having walked upstairs, Meg quickly followed after him.



Once they were in the study, Zhao drew a weed boat from memory. The design wasn't very complex. It looked like Arabian shoes, with the front end tilted high and the back end relatively flat. Overall, it had a thick bottom, and was tied in the middle with rope to make it solid. He drew this as a reference for Meg.



Once he was finished, Zhao gave the paper to Meg. "This is probably what the boat looks like. See if you can make a boat according to this. Trying more than once doesn't matter."



Meg left while holding the drawing.



Left alone, Zhao didn't know what to do with himself, but then he caught sight of the books in the study, and his eyes brightened.



Fortunately, although Adam was a hooligan, he was still a child of nobility, so he was taught how to read. Otherwise, Zhao would have been illiterate.



Zhao looked through the books. There were a few history books and books about the art of war, which may contain words about magic or martial arts.



Zhao first picked up a history book, but looking inside it made him dizzy. Parts of it were written like a Bible while other parts were written like it was telling a fairy tale. It was too difficult to understand, giving him a headache.



After reading two pages of the history book, Zhao threw it aside, then picked up a miscellaneous book. This miscellaneous book seemed to be a personal travel diary, and it recorded a large number of traditions and legends in the Continent. This suited Zhao's exact taste, and he couldn't help but read it carefully.



Because Zhao hadn't come out from the study for a long time, Meirin and Meg went in to check up on him. But they were in for a surprise, because when they looked beyond the study door, they saw Zhao reading a book with a serious look.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 34




Chapter 34





Chapter 34 - Scholar



Meirin could hardly believe her eyes. Adam? Reading? She knew clear enough that Adam hated reading while growing up. He would only do it when he was forced to by his father.



Although Zhao had done some amazing things recently, Meirin thought that it was because he had become more sensible, which wasn't the same as learning to love reading.



What she didn't know was that in his past life, Zhao was an otaku who loved books. The reason he didn't start reading a few days ago was because when he first came here, he had to face a lot of threatening situations, so he naturally wasn't in the mood.



Zhao didn't notice Meirin. He was concentrating on the book. Although the book just had miscellaneous topics, there were many things to learn, with most of them being traditions, which was very useful for Zhao.



Adam wasn't one to abide by traditions and he didn't bother to learn a lot of things about the Continent. According to the book, the Continent was quite large, led by five Empires, large and small, which contained a total of thirty two countries. That, and a few tiny settlements, described this vast territory.



Along with the Aksu Empire that Zhao was in, there was also the Rosen Empire, the Lyon Empire, the Buddha Empire, and the Blue Dynasty Empire.



Zhao now had a fief in the Black Waste, which was long discarded by the Continent. Behind it was the carrion swamp, one of the five forbidden areas, and something that no one wanted to talk about.



The other four forbidden areas in the Continent were Raya Hill, the North Pole, Fire Island, and finally the last one was a place of deep magic, where legend has it that the Devil lived there. But these rumors have never been confirmed.



All of these places, along with the carrion swamp which was known for its undead spirit beasts that were poisonous, were known as the five forbidden areas.



Adam's memories of these places were vague, and there were few records about them in this miscelleaneous book, but it was enough for Zhao.



In his past life, you weren't considered an otaku unless you read something about a world that had magic, elves, dragons, dwarves, and a lot of other things.



After reading all this, Zhao even further made up his mind that he had to be low key. He didn't know much about the powerful experts in this world, but after seeing Meirin's powerful water spells, he probably had some idea. Ah, dealing with people as powerful as Meirin would not be easy.



Zhao slowly put down the book. Although a lot of stuff wasn't of much use, he now had a better understanding of the this world.



This world wasn't like the ones in those poorly written novels he had read in his past life, where the mages didn't have any close combat ability, and the warriors couldn't attack from a far distance. This world was completely unlike that.



A mage's body wasn't as tough as a warriors. But if they use simple spells, like within the first three levels of magic, they would be able to instantaneously cast it. There would be no need to chant a long spell. So warriors wouldn't dare to look down on them in a fight.



But even if the warriors held a grudge against that, it doesn't mean that they would easily lose a fight. Don't forget that even the most average warriors could use bows and arrows, or spears and other long-range weapons. A warrior's strength shouldn't be overlooked.



Zhao slowly stood up and took a breath. After reading the miscellaneous book, he had determined that being low key was correct. He couldn't imagine how powerful the people were in this world.



He then walked to the window in the study, which was clos





ed with paper shutters. Only a few commoners in the Continent had paper shutters, while the nobles had glass windows. But glass windows were too expensive, not something Green would buy.



Zhao opened the window and looked out. The study was on the third floor, and the light was good. From here he could see the castle square, where there were many women weaving weed mats.



Looking at those hard working people, Zhao's heart couldn't help but smile. These people were so happy and satisfied even though they were facing a huge crisis.



This time Zhao really hated himself for not having the strength to protect these people. The most he could do was let them escape into his spatial farm, but you couldn't always run away from everything.



Just then, a knock came from the door. It was Meirin. "Master, it's time for lunch."



Zhao froze for a moment. He really didn't think that time had gone by so fast, but after looking outside, sure enough there were people going back inside to eat.



He opened the door, only to find a look of joy on Meirin's face. "Grandma Meirin, why are you so happy?"



"It's nothing, Master. Time to go eat."



Zhao nodded and followed Meirin downstairs. Meg and everyone else was already waiting for him in the dining room.



After everyone sat down, Zhao decided to give out his instructions. He turned to Blockhead. "Blockhead, you will help Meirin with the weed boat. You have to lead people to cut the weeds and help them with your strength."



Blockhead nodded, then Zhao turned to Rockhead. "Rockhead, you will help set up the stones as soon as possible after they have been mined. When you reach a certain number, call me back. This will save a great deal of time."



Rockhead nodded, then Zhao turned to Ann. "Ann, you must be careful when mining. Pay attention to everyone's safety."



Ann nodded, then Zhao turned to Daisy. "Daisy, continue to teach everyone how to weave the weed mats. Then you and all the women will go along with Meirin to build the weed boat, one that is big enough to seat a dozen people. Do not be afraid to fail and waste weeds. The mountain should have enough of them."



Daisy nodded, then Zhao turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, you had said that we should build a guard post on the hilltop overlooking the carrion swamp. Not only would this allow us to pay attention to what's around the castle, but it would also help us prepare in advance for any undead spirit beasts."



Meirin nodded her head. "Yes, Master. A guard post should be built, but you don't have to worry about that. You should spend your time reading more books."



Zhao didn't expect her to say that. "Don't worry, Grandma Meirin, I will."



Meirin and Meg nodded, but Blockhead and Rockhead were in shock. They had grown up together with Adam, so they couldn't believe it when he said that he was going to read.



Once discussions were finished, they soon began eating. After he was done, Zhao immediately went up to the study. He wanted to know more about this world.



When Meirin saw Zhao going up to the study, her eyes shined. Although this world respects strength, a man of learning could also be respected. Even in the Aksu Empire, the king knew that there were many important aspects that could only be left to a scholar.



This was one of the reasons why Meirin was happy. Because Zhao drank the Water of Nothingness, it was impossible to learn magic and martial arts. And his space was only useful as life insurance since people could escape into it. But that wasn't enough.



He would also need the respect of others. If you couldn't learn magic or martial arts, then if you wanted respect, the only way was to become a scholar.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 35




Chapter 35





Chapter 35 - An Attack



Although Meirin was unhappy with the Aksu Empire, she still hoped that one day Zhao would be able to get back into the good graces of the king. This would represent that the Buda clan had been recognized as strong.



But what Meirin didn't know was that Zhao didn't intend to go back to the royal family, nor did he care about getting recognition from the old nobility. Those nobles had nothing to do with him. All that matters was that they had strength.



This was different for Meirin because she grew up in the Ark Continent. Here, even the emerging nobles put in great efforts to gain respect from the old nobility, otherwise they would just be called upstarts.



But in Zhao's past life, there weren't any nobles or kings. As long as you had money, you had the strength to do what you wanted. He didn't mind if the nobility gave him recognition or not.



Still, he had to carefully study to better understand this world. All that matters was that he developed the Buda clan as soon as possible.



Back in the study, he wasn't in a hurry to read the miscellaneous book. He carefully looked around and found the books on magic and martial arts. But when he looked inside, he found that his understanding of what was written was a little iffy. Without a teacher, he couldn't just learn by reading it. Plus, since he drank the Water of Nothingness, he couldn't learn magic or martial arts anyway. So he didn't really care.



Finally, Zhao decided to refocus on the miscellaneous book. But when he went to go grab it, he caught sight of another book. This one was about calligraphy.



The calligraphy book introduced several types of writing utensils, which made Zhoa realize that each of them had their own uses.



The brush was used by people who were particularly fond of calligraphy. But they were also used by great mages who made magic scrolls that were relatively large.



Quills, on the other hand, were mainly used to make smaller strokes on small and medium sized magic scrolls.



And then there was the pen, which was usually just used for writing and recording down notes. Because the inside of the pen's capsule could hold ink, you would be able to write a lot of words, which was very convenient. But the pen wasn't used to make magic scrolls because the metal tip was a poor conductor of magic. Mages generally didn't use metal things. Of course, there were special metals out there that could be used with magic, but those were very expensive. No one would be willing to make a pen out of them.



Zhao read about their uses, and how each were different. He even read about how nobles would use a brush to sign important documents with their signature.



All of this surprised Zhao for a moment. In his past life, he had always wanted to learn calligraphy. Unfortunately, at that time he had no money or teacher. So his desire amounted to nothing. He didn't expect that in this world, he might be able to achieve his aspirations.



But for now, Zhao could only remember the usage of these types of writing utensils. With everything happening in the Black Waste, it was unrealistic to expect that he would have the time to study calligraphy.



Zhao spent the afternoon in the study, until a knock suddenly came. "Who?" he asked.



Rockhead's voice came out. "Master, we've gathered quite a few stones and now need your help to transport them."



Zhao put down the book and went to open the door. "Come on," he said. He left with Rockhead.



While walking out, Zhao asked, "Is the mining going well?"



Rockhead nodded. "Yes, Master. Ann found several mines that we could easily exploit. No iron ore, but we should be ab





le to get the right stones to make a mill stone."



"Pay attention to safety," Zhao said. "Altogether, the Buda clan has so little people. Even the lost of one person would weaken us. Make sure that they don't do anything reckless."



Rockhead understood what Zhao meant. Although the slaves had been encouraged to work with enthusiasm, they shouldn't do things too quickly out of impatience. He should pay attention to that.



They talked while they passed by the women who were still weaving the mats, but they didn't see Daisy or Meg.



Zhao didn't go greet them, and instead walked to the hill, followed by Rockhead. He saw something that looked like a makeshift shed. Pointing at the shed, Zhao asked, "Is that shed for housing our sentry?"



Rockhead nodded. "Yes. Grandma Meirin helped us. In the small shed are two look outs. They would be switched out every two hours."



Zhao was impressed. Meirin was more than worthy for the Buda clan, finding the right place to put a sentry and setting up a schedule for them.



Just then, a figure suddenly came flying down the hill, shouting loudly. Although Zhao couldn't hear what that man was shouting, he could feel his heart sinking, so he immediately turned to Rockhead. "Rockhead, go to the mines and tell the slaves to come back to the castle. Then get Blockhead and his people to come back to the castle too. I'll go look for Meg."



"Master, I'll do what you say, but you should immediately return to the castle. The Buda clan can't go on without you."



"Less nonsense, I am the lord of the Buda clan. At such a time, how can I chicken out and hide. You go do what I tell you."



He was about to walk away, but then Rockhead clung to Zhao's leg. "Master, you have to quickly go back to the castle. The Buda clan can't exist without you. If you're not here, then it would be over for all of us."



Zhao looked at Rockhead, who was being stubborn. The last time he didn't listen to Zhao was when he and his brother held their swords to their necks.



Zhao sighed. "Fine, I'll return to the castle. But you should remember to get everyone back safely."



Rockhead, after hearing what he said, stood up.



By now the figure had reached them, then he knelt down in front of Zhao. "Master, there's a lot of undead spirit beasts climbing up the hill!"



"Are there any people in the shed?" Zhao asked.



"There is one," the man immediately replied. "Someone always has to be on the look out on a regular basis."



Zhao was furious. "Fool! How come he's not down? Rockhead, call the guy to go down the hill."



Rockhead started running.



Zhao turned towards the kneeling slave. "What is your name?"



"Back then, the owner told me it was Lin."



"Lin, go back to the castle and find Grandma Meirin. If she isn't there, then tell everyone who is weaving weeds to go inside the castle. This is my command, so go fast."



Lin obeyed. He jumped up and ran to the castle. Zhao knew his own body. He couldn't run very fast, so he got someone else to pass on the message.



Zhao also started running, but even a few steps made him tired and gasping for breath.



Eventually, Zhao returned to the castle. He found the slaves who were working on the weeds inside. Everyone looked uneasy. Looking around, Zhao saw Meirin standing there.



Meirin also saw Zhao, and she immediately went up to him. "Master, what should we do now?"



Zhao took a few deep breaths, then said, "Grandma Meirin, count the number of people here. And make sure everyone made it back to the castle before shutting the gate."



Meirin quickly said, "Okay, Master. But you should stay here and do the count. I'll go to the gate." She walked out and left, giving Zhao no chance to oppose her.



Zhao looked at Meirin's departing back. She was taking care of him again, always putting him in the safest place. He wanted to argue, but Zhao knew that people who couldn't protect themselves would only be in the way.



He turned around and looked inside the castle, where stood more than thirty women, the only ones to make it here so far. "Stand in line," Zhao said.



The slaves immediately stood in line, their speed greatly beyond Zhao's expectations.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 36




Chapter 36





Chapter 36 - Army of Spirit Beasts



Zhao knew that these slaves had never been to school, yet they finished his command so quickly, lining up in two neat rows. It wasn't worse than what Zhao did in school during his past life.



The slaves queue rate greatly exceeded Zhao's expectations, so he gave them a puzzled look. These slaves had been trained since childhood, standing to attention almost by instinct. When the slaves went to work and then came back, they had to stand in line so they could report the number of slaves. This method was to prevent someone from sneaking away.



But Zhao didn't know this, so when the slaves quickly lined up, he couldn't help but freeze for a moment. But then he recovered, and decided not to think too much about it. "Count!" he said.



The moment those words left his mouth, the slaves instinctively counted off, ending at thirty four. That was to say there were thirty four female slaves, and Lin, the only male slave.



Zhao nodded. "I had just received a message from the hill that a large number of undead spirit beasts have appeared out of the carrion swamp. They're probably coming to the castle, and since there may be a battle, you will have to stay here."



The female slaves couldn't help but reveal a look of fear. If a human army attacked them, they wouldn't be afraid. So long as they didn't resist, generally no one would kill a slave, because a slave could be sold for money. So most of the time, they would be safe.



But this time they were being attacked by undead spirit beasts. Money was no use to them. In their eyes, nobility was no different than slaves. People were people with no hierarchy.



A few more slaves came in from outside, and among them was Daisy. Zhao counted them off, even Daisy, which ended in a total of fifty people. All the female slaves had returned.



Although Daisy and the female slaves had come back, Meg was still out there, probably at the front aiding Blockhead.



Zhao didn't leave the castle. He knew that he would just cause trouble for Meirin, so he might as well wait here.



But that doesn't mean he couldn't do anything. He turned to Daisy and said, "Daisy, from this point on you look after the slaves. Do not let them run around." Then he turned to the slaves. "I want to go get something. All of you listen to Daisy's words. Do not run."



The castle had an underground storage, which was where Green brought all of their supplies, and that was where Zhao went. He loaded all of the supplies into his space so as to avoid them being ruined by the undead spirit beasts.



The underground storage was really great. Zhao was only there for a moment before he ran upstairs to where the study was. The most important thing were those books.



Green must have brought those books to cultivate the slaves, otherwise why would he bring so many books on magic and martial arts. Those books were very important, they were the key to Zhao's understanding of this world, and they could help train the Buda clan's personnel.



Once he reached the study, he put everything into his space, including the chairs. The spatial barn didn't really have any limits, and wasn't yet straining with the amount of things he had stored inside.



Zhao had just finished gathering everything from the study when he heard a voice. It was Meirin. Zhao quickly ran downstairs. Meirin was back, and so was everyone else.



Seeing all the people in the castle, Zhao felt a little relieved. "Grandma Meirin, is everyone back?" he asked.



Meirin nodded. "Everyone's back. The castle gate is closed. But I don't know if that would stop the spirit beasts from coming. Master, you





should go into your space."



Zhao shook his head. "There is no need, Grandma Meirin. Let's go outside on the castle walls to get a good look. I have never seen undead spirit beasts before."



Meirin looked worried. "Master, that's too dangerous. What are you planning to do?"



"Nothing," Zhao said. "I just want to go see those undead spirit beasts, particularly their numbers. If there's only a small number of them, we could just repel them."



Meirin was surprised for a moment, but she didn't say anything. It was as Zhao said. She was confident in her abilities, so if there really were just a small number of undead spirit beasts, she could just fight them off.



Zhao waved for Daisy and Ann to come over. "You two, watch over the slaves. Don't let them run around." Having told them that, Zhao walked with Meirin to the castle walls, while Blockhead and Rockhead moved by his side, and Meg was behind him. There was no way to stop them from following him, Zhao was very clear on that. If they weren't following him, then there would be no way for them letting him go to the walls.



Meirin didn't think that the undead spirit beasts were very fast, but to their surprise, when they arrived at the walls, they found that those beasts had already reached the base of the hill.



At the forefront were a group of rat-like things. About one meter tall and three meters in length, with pale green hair and long tails.



Behind them was a large group of snakes!



There were countless snakes, large and small. Some of the snakes were green, some were red, and some were really colorful. The colorful snakes were the largest, reaching a meter thick. They couldn't be trifled with.



Those snakes were followed by a variety of insects. The insects were huge, even a spider was one to two meters wide. Of course, there were also smaller insects, but their every action was flexible and fast.



The insects too were colorful, showing that they were highly toxic. Zhao's heart couldn't help but sink. The number of snakes were more than enough, but there were even more insects than snakes.



By this time, at the forefront, the rats had already reached the castle. Apparently, they could swim as they immediately ran into the moat, instantly turning the water green.



Zhao made an ugly face. He finally understood why there was no fish in the moat. Those rats must have poisoned the river.



Meirin went to Zhao's side. "Master, we should go back. There are too many spirit beasts to deal with."



Zhao nodded and looked up the hill at the army of spirit beasts out there. There was even a crocodile-like spirit beast, brightly colored, and made up of bones.



There were many creatures, large and small, that were made out of nothing but moving bones, and more of them were slowly coming down the hill.



"Master, let's go." Meirin took Zhao away.



But then everything turned black for a moment. Puzzled, Zhao looked towards the sky and saw a lot of spirit beasts flying overhead. Some were flying insects, but others were large bird-shaped spirit beasts that were flying very high. It seemed like the castle wouldn't be able to protect them.



"Hurry, there's an army of flying spirit beasts coming. We have to get back inside the castle to protect the slaves, otherwise it'll be too late!" Zhao shouted.



Meirin saw them too. She immediately shouted, "Blockhead, quickly run back inside the castle and protect the slaves!"



Blockhead nodded. Suddenly, he was shrouded with a yellow light. Moving with a speed faster than before, he quickly ran to the castle. Rockhead picked up Zhao and quickly ran to the castle as well. Although he was fast, he was also stable, so Zhao wasn't jolted around a lot.



A blue light flashed around Meirin's body and she ran as well, her speed not any slower than Rockhead's. Not to mention Meg, also flashing a blue light, was moving even faster than Rockhead.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 37




Chapter 37





Chapter 37 - Into the Space



Fortunately, the castle wasn't far, and Rockhead was very fast. In just a few short breaths of time, Zhao had reached the main room of the castle.



The room didn't seem that big with all the people crowded inside. But there wasn't any confused ruckus going on. The slaves were very clear that if they didn't listen, it may result in their deaths. So they stood in order after Blockhead had entered the room.



"Grandma Meirin, you go into the space first," Zhao said the moment he came into the room. "When a slave enters the space, you will settle them down and make sure that they don't run around. Blockhead and Rockhead, you guard the doors. Meg, Daisy, and Ann, you organize the slaves to go into the space."



Daisy and Ann had never been inside the space, so Zhao made them work with Meg. Once they assist those to go into the space, Meirin would settle them after they entered, while Rockhead and Blockhead would be on alert for any spirit beasts that suddenly barged in.



A hole appered next to Zhao.



The hole was no stranger to the slaves. They had seen it before during Zhao's land improvement. When there was little reaction from the slaves, Zhao couldn't help but be surprised.



However, when Meirin went into the space first, there was an immediate reaction. After Meirin appeared inside, it was time to make the slaves go.



Those slaves were a little scared. They didn't know where Zhao was taking them. But when they saw Meirin enter, they knew that Zhao wouldn't harm them. Immediately, under Meg's supervision, each of the slaves slowly entered the hole.



By now, from outside the castle, they could hear the roars of the spirit beasts, as well as the pounding on the castle gate. They had to move faster. Fortunately, Zhao was able to make the hole big enough to allow four slaves to go in at the same time.



Soon all the slaves had entered the space, as well as Daisy, Ann, and Meg. With a thought, Zhao with Blockhead and Rockhead appeared inside the space together.



The slaves were looking around, dumbfounded.



While Zhao, the moment he entered the space, discovered that the radishes have matured, but he didn't have time to harvest them. He stood up and shouted at the slaves. "All of you listen. This is my spatial farm. Do not just walk around. Look for a place to sit down. And be careful of where you step."



Fortunately, in addition to the farm land, the spatial farm also had some open spaces. At one time, Zhao had tried telling the spatial farm to shovel the open spaces, but it just had the same result as the game, no response.



Although the slaves didn't understand what was going on, they still obediently sat down. Zhao then turned to Meirin after looking at the slaves. "Grandma Meirin, I've brought a lot of empty cups with me. If anyone wants to drink, let them go to the spring to drink some spatial water. I'll come up with some blankets that they could sleep on." Having said that, he walked in front of the barn, and with a thought, a lot of cups came out. They were wooden cups, cheap ones that Green had bought for the slaves.



Meirin and Meg soon passed around the cups. Zhao also brought a lot of blankets for the slaves to sleep on the ground with. And after that, Zhao came up with a few cushions.



These cushions weren't for sitting, they were used to build dividing walls. With more than a hundred people here, they will need a bathroom, especially now that there were both men and women inside the space. Although they were small, the cushions that Green had bought should be sufficient enough to build something that would separate the two sides.



Blockhead and Rockhead led sever





al male slaves to one side of the barn and blocked off that piece of land with the cushions. The female slaves had the other side.



After everyone started working, it relieved Zhao with enough time to harvest the radishes and plant another batch.



In order to help the slaves calm down, Zhao gave each of them one magic radish to eat. The white radish tasted sweet and a little spicy. Seeing more than a hundred people eating radishes together, it was a spectacular sight.



The slaves were eating very happily. This was the first time they had eaten a radish with such a peerless taste.



After seeing that the slaves had calmed down, Zhao went into the thatched hut.



The inside of the hut wasn't very large, but there was enough room for a bed, and of course a table where a few people could sit. It was very comfortable. Although Zhao wished for a good night's sleep, he knew that this wasn't the time. He had entered the hut after telling Meirin to call a few people in, leaving only Daisy and Ann to watch over the slaves.



Everyone looked around curiously inside the hut, and then sat down on a stool.



"We don't know what's the situation outside with the spirit beasts. Although we can hope that they would return to the swamp early, we have to prepare for the possibility that we would have to stay here for the long term," Zhao said. "In a few hours, the corn will mature. Plus, we have the food that I brought in from outside. Food and firewood won't be a problem. But if we leave the slaves with nothing to do, they would just wait around in fear. Grandma Meirin, do you have any suggestions?"



Meirin thought about it, but then shook her head. "Although this space is really big, there is no land for them to cultivate. I can't think of anything. Master, what do you plan for the slaves to do?"



Zhao paced inside the hut. "I had brought some books from the study before I came in. Grandma Meirin, teach the slaves how to read. If we want to develop the Buda clan, relying on just the few of us isn't enough. I don't think that the slaves would betray us, so teaching them some words will be useful in the future."



"That's a good idea, Master. With nothing to do in the space, we could teach them to recognize some words. In the future, this will have far reaching effects."



Since she agreed, Zhao waved his hand. The books from the study appeared in front of him, along with some pen and paper. "Grandma Meirin, take a look yourself, and then teach them with that book."



Meirin carefully looked at the books, then took out the one in the middle. "Master, is this it?"



Zhao saw Meirin take out the miscellaneous book, which was simply titled "Traveling through the Aksu Empire". He nodded, then said. "We're not going to teach them right this moment. They had just come into this space, and some of them might still be in shock. Let them have a break first."



Meirin nodded, while looking at Zhao's tired face. "Master, you should have a good rest too. We'll go out."



Zhao knew that the hut was too small to be suitable enough for everyone to rest inside, so he could only say, "I took out several blankets from the barn, Grandma Meirin. Remember to use them when you sleep outside."



Meirin told him that she will. Along with Meg, she left the hut, while Blockhead and Rockhead stood at either side of the door, like guards.



Meirin then stood in front of the slaves and shouted, "This place is Master's magical space, where everything listens to the young master. Outside, there are undead spirit beasts, and we fear that they have already stormed the castle. This is the only safe place. So you must be obedient, otherwise Adam will kick you out of this space. Do you understand?"



The slaves immediately stood up in unison. "Understood," they shouted. They had been trained by slave traders. After obtaining some slaves, it was common sense to give them some simple training, like bowing and such. So these slaves had formed a condition reflex.



Meirin nodded. "A lot has happened today, and I know you're very frightened, but Master said that if you are tired, you can have a good rest. So go rest. But remember, do not run around, do not go near the young master's room, and do not fumble with the stuff inside the space. Understand?"



The slaves understood.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 38




Chapter 38





Chapter 38 - Literacy



Zhao didn't know what was happening outside the thatched hut. He believed that Meirin would take care of it. He was really tired now and just wanted to have a good sleep.



From the barn, he pulled out a blanket, then he immediately layed down on the bed. It only took him a few minutes to fall asleep. After drinking the Water of Nothingness, his body couldn't even handle a large amount of exercise, let alone the situation that happened today.



Outside the thatched hut, the slaves were also resting. With such a rare opportunity to rest, they naturally wouldn't say anything. Plus the ground was covered with a soft blanket. Soon the entire space was quiet. Even in front of Zhao's door, Rockhead and Blockhead was sitting down while napping.



After more than two hours, Meirin woke up. She slowly walked to the hut and opened the door to check up on Zhao, finding him fast asleep. She then quietly closed the door.



Looking at the slaves, she saw that some of them were already awake, just sitting there not knowing what to do.



Although Meirin could teach them how to read, she didn't know if now was the right time. Teaching these people would make noise, and she didn't want to wake Zhao up.



But then she noticed that the radishes, which were planted before she slept, had actually started to sprout. She was very surprised. This was her first time seeing how fast something could grow in this space.



Meirin couldn't help but squat to look at the growing radish seedlings. These seedlings were very sturdy, and they looked healthy.



Making the same movement, Meg crouched down next to Meirin, and whispered, "Grandma, how could these radishes sprout so quickly? Is it some kind of advance vegetable magic?



Meirin smiled slightly. "Master told me long ago that anything he planted in this space would have a greatly shortened maturation time. But I didn't think that it would be this short."



"In this space, the magic radishes will mature every eight hours." Zhao's voice came from a distance.



Meirin and Meg were surprised for a moment. They turned around and saw that Zhao had come out of the hut, with Blockhead and Rockhead standing behind him. Meirin stood up. "Master, is what you say true? A batch of magic radishes can mature in eight hours?"



Zhao nodded, then he pointed to the corn field. "See those corn? In the space, they only need fourteen hours to reach maturity after planting them."



They followed the direction of Zhao's finger. They saw the growing corn, with green leaves that looked strong and long.



Zhao turned to Meirin. "We will have enough food to eat inside this space. So it's better to stay here instead of encountering those spirit beasts."



"Yes, Master is right," Meirin said. "If we don't have to worry about finding something to eat, then we could stay here for a few days."



Zhao turned around and looked at everyone who was awake. The slaves were standing up respectfully while watching him. "Grandma Meirin, while you teach them to read, Blockhead and I will dig a stove to cook."



They had more than a hundred people to feed. Although Zhao had brought a lot of supplies from the castle's storage, if he wanted to make something for the slaves to eat, he would have to build a place to make a fire. There was nothing like that here in the space, so he could only dig a simple stove.



"Master, let the slaves build it," Meirin said. "They can do it in a shorter amount of time, and it would be strange for you to do it."



Zhao looked at the slaves and nodded his head. If the slaves were learning how to r





ead and write, while their master was digging a stove, it would scare the slaves because it was contrary to what they knew.



Meirin saw Zhao nod, and immediately organized the slaves to start digging a stove. Zhao fortunately had the castle's supplies in his spatial barn so they weren't lacking any tools.



Although they had to feed more than a hundred people, they only needed ten or so to dig the stove. Then they would use the pot that Green had purposely bought for the slaves.



In fact, many slave owners would use this kind of method because it was the easiest way to feed the slaves. While the slaves were working, you just needed to find two people to carry the pot and cook the rice, thus saving a lot of time.



The ten slaves dug a good stove frame, but it was impossible to light a fire now. Zhao had to wait for the corn to mature first, then they would have something to burn, otherwise they would have to use the wood that he had brought, which would be a pity.



Zhao knew that they were short on wood, and he didn't know when Green would come back. After he returns, they could sell the radishes in exchange for gold coins, and then they would be able to buy more wood. But for now, Zhao didn't want to waste the supplies he had on hand.



After looking at the stove frame, Zhao nodded at the slaves, then he turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, it'll take more than two hours for the corn to mature. In that period of time, you have to teach them to recognize some words. I'm going to go take a break inside the hut."



Meirin nodded, and once Zhao walked inside the hut, she turned to the slaves. "Please do not worry. In two hours or so, the corn will mature, and then you can eat. In these two hours, you will learn to read..."



Before she could finish, the slaves buzzed with excitement. The slaves couldn't read. It was common sense in the Continent to not teach the slaves to read. So for them, literacy was a sacred thing, and now they had just heard that Meirin was going to teach them, so all the slaves were very surprised.



Meirin shouted, "Quiet!"



The slaves immediately quieted down, but they all had a look of excitement as they watched Meirin. "We of the Buda clan are not the same as the other nobles. Our benevolent master has consented for everyone to learn. If you can learn the words quickly, Master can absolve you of slavery. Understand?"



This got the slaves more excited. Zhao letting them be taught was amazing, but if they were to learn well, then they could even become free commoners. For the slaves, it was like telling them as long you eat, you will also get a bonus. Such a good thing was hard to find.



"Because of the conditions we have now," Meirin said, "I can only teach you to recognize some simple words. In these two hours, I can only teach you ten words, but you must learn to read and write it." Having said that, she picked up some paper and a brush.



They didn't have a blackboard. Writing on paper was the only way she could teach the slaves. There were too many people, so she could only write one word on each piece of paper to make the word large enough for the slaves in the back to see it.



Meg was around Meirin, watching everyone, including Daisy and Ann, studying seriously. Before, Daisy and Ann were commoners, but they couldn't go to school because they didn't have the money for a teaching fee. Now that they had the opportunity to learn, they wouldn't miss it.



Meg had previously been to a school in the Empire. In the elite schools, she found that the reaction between the slaves and the school's students weren't the same. Those aristocratic students considered school as a form of torture. They didn't put any spirit into it. They would only be happy after class had ended and they could go home to play. Adam was such a person.



But the slaves were completely different. Learning to read, they looked excited and also very focused. Fearing that they won't remember the lesson, and because they didn't have anything to write with, they would trace their finger on the ground. Their earnest struggle to learn deeply touched Meg.



Blockhead and Rockhead also looked at the slaves. The two had been adopted by the Buda clan so they automatically received lessons on how to read. However, they didn't take it as seriously as the slaves. The reasons were because they were young, and they weren't very smart, but mostly because they got the opportunity to learn how to read so easily.



You do not know the value of things that are too easily obtained.



They had studied how to read together with Adam. Adam was not considered a wise man. Yet although he was smarter than the two, he was not fond of reading, so it took him several tries to learn, just like them. Looking at the slaves who were so focused on learning, Blockhead and Rockhead couldn't help but feel ashamed.



Meirin naturally saw this, and suddenly understood that Zhao's decision was correct. If the slaves didn't know how to read, then even if they wanted to contribute to the Buda clan, they would only have a limited ability to do so, no matter how much they work. But if they learn how to read, then they could help the Buda clan be greater. The Buda clan needs each person to be at their best in order to help revitalize the Buda clan. So she taught them very seriously.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 39




Chapter 39





Chapter 39 - New Features



Zhao knew that Meirin wouldn't let him down. That was to say, Meirin was an eighth level mage, so she used to have a few students in the Aksu Empire, before they all died along with Adam's father.



Still, Meirin had a lot of teaching experience. She was the best choice to teach the slaves. Meanwhile, Zhao had a headache thinking over another problem.



As long as the corn was ripe, they would have firewood, and with the food stored in the barn, they wouldn't have to worry about finding something to eat. But Zhao then realized something. Cooking with fire will certainly produce smoke. Although the spatial farm was big, if there was no way for the smoke to break out, then sooner or later it will fill up the space.



Zhao feared that he was going to pollute the spatial farm. But he couldn't just make the slaves eat radishes everyday, right? The only thing he could think of was to try to reduce the amount of cooking, then wait until after everyone left the space. Only then could he think of a way to discharge the smoke.



But Zhao also had another worry. He didn't know what was happening outside. He feared that by the time they go out, the spirit beasts would have wrecked the castle, leaving them with no place to live. This was most troublesome.



Pacing around the room, Zhao couldn't think of anything to do but to bring up his display screen. But the screen was black.



Zhao didn't know how to open the display. He tried saying, "On."



No response. Zhao was embarrassed. There were no obvious switches on the screen, so he didn't know how to turn it on.



Zhao then tried touching the screen with his hand, but he didn't think that he could actually touch it. The display lit up. Icons for his shop, barn, and tools appeared on the screen.



He was stunned. The last time he summoned the screen, it only showed an icon for the shop. He didn't expect that there would be more icons this time.



But Zhao didn't care why there were more icons on the screen. What mattered the most was that it displayed what was necessary. It was then that he noticed an icon that didn't seem to have anything to do with the farm. The icon had a picture of a camera.



Zhao couldn't help but freeze for a moment. If this kind of icon appeared on a computer, then it wouldn't be strange, but this symbol had appeared on his spatial farm's screen.



He pressed the icon, wanting to see what it would do. The icon immediately flashed a white light on Zhao's forehead. His head was suddenly filled with information.



Because there was too much information, Zhao had to close his eyes and lay on his bed to digest it all.



Only when Zhao digested the information did he open his eyes. "So it's something like a monitor."



Zhao finally understood what the icon was for. It was similar to a camera that you could use to monitor the surrounding area. That was to say, from the spot where he had entered the space, he could see outside within a radius of one hundred meters. And that was only because his level was too low. Once he leveled up, he would be able to see even further.



Zhao immediately sat up on his bed and touched the camera icon again. The screen changed. Now it displayed a three-dimensional image of the castle.



Below the image was the value of one hundred meters, showing the distance he was able to see.



In the three-dimensional image, there were a lot of green dots moving around constantly. Zhao couldn't help but point at one of the little green dots. The screen flashed, then it showed a large rat-like spirit beast. The rat was inside the living room, and right next to it was a pile of rotten wood th





at seemed to have come from the sofa.



Zhao looked again carefully, and on the upper left corner of the screen was a small image of the three-dimensional view. He knew what it was for, so he pressed it and sure enough the screen immediately went back to the three-dimensional map, where there were still a lot of green dots.



Zhao understood that the green dots represented the undead spirit beasts.



He decided to take another look into the living room. The screen changed. But this time there were now two rat-like spirit beasts. One of them was the rat that Zhao saw before, while the other was gnawing on the sofa. The other sofas seemed to have been destroyed, gnawed by the rats.



While he continued to look, one of the large rats unintentionally got close to the screen. The result was Zhao, out of surprise, swiping at the screen, causing it to show the room next to the living room.



Zhao froze for a moment. He didn't know that he could even use his fingers to change the image.



Zhao moved his finger down from the top of the screen and sure enough he could now see the castle square. It was filled with a variety of undead spirit beasts that were tossing around and destroying the piles of weeds and weed mats.



Seeing this, Zhao sighed and closed the screen. Now that he knew there were still spirit beasts outside, there was no reason to rush out.



Just then, a tone chimed and the voice echoed: [Corn has matured. Please harvest as soon as possible]



Zhao immediately left the hut, and found Meirin, who was still teaching the class. Everyone gave Zhao a puzzled look, but he didn't care who heard the space tone. He just softly said, "Harvest the corn. Corn stalks, corn cobs, and corn kernels are to be separately harvested."



The moment his words faded, the basket immediately flew out and started collecting the corn. Soon the entire two acres was harvested.



Although the slaves had already seen Zhao harvest the radishes, they still felt surprised when he harvested the corn.



Zhao then put the corn stalks and corn cobs next to the stove frame, along with some bags of food that he had brought. Then he planted some more corn in the ground.



Meirin understood that it was now time to cook, so she put away the papers, then said to the slaves, "It's time to eat. So go prepare dinner."



The slaves had forgotten about the food. For them, learning to read and write was more important than anything else, not to mention that the food was really unpalatable. But there was no meaning if they didn't eat.



Zhao didn't know what the slaves usually eat. These days, he had been eating bread, and he had grown a little tired of it. But since they were inside the space, Zhao wondered what Meirin was going to make today.



Sure enough, Meirin turned to Zhao and asked, "Master, can you come up with some vegetables, ham, and oil?"



Zhao immediately took out everything Meirin asked for, who then left some vegetables and oil for the slaves. She took the rest of the oil, vegetables, and ham with her to the hut.



There was a kitchen inside Zhao's hut, but there were many kitchen tools that she had never seen before.



Zhao really didn't know what Meirin was going to make, so he followed her into the hut. He found her kneading dough, so Zhao thought that she could be making pancakes.



After seeing that, Zhao didn't stay in the hut because he wouldn't have been much help anyway, so he left.



But when he went outside, he was stunned. Rice! The slaves were making rice! The slaves had lit a fire under the pot, and it seemed like they were going to pour oil, and then put the rice in to cook it. Zhao's scalp was tingling. It was the first time he saw rice in this world.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 40




Chapter 40





Chapter 40 - Rice



Zhao was depressed to the point of collapsing when he saw the rice for the first time.



He had been afraid that there was no rice in this world, and thought that was the reason why Meirin didn't give him any rice to eat. But now he discovered that rice was something that was used to feed the slaves.



At this point, they had only lit up the stove fire, but Zhao rushed over when he saw that one of the female slaves was preparing to pour the oil. "Wait a minute! Before you pour the oil..."



The female slave saw Zhao charging over, so thinking that she might have done something wrong, she immediately knelt down. "Please, Master, punish me."



Zhao slowed his outburst, then shook his head. "I'm not going to punish you. Just listen to me. Before you pour the oil into the pot, you should use a bowl to wash the rice. You put in some water, wash the rice properly, then dump the water back out. And then you put the rice in the pot." While saying this, Zhao took out a copper basin.



The female slave didn't know what Zhao wanted to do, but she took the copper basin from him and put some rice in it. She then went to the spring and washed the rice properly. After that, she brought the rice back and poured it into the pot.



Zhao then added, "Keep using the copper basin to get as much washed rice as possible, and then pour some water into the pot until it's above the rice."



The female slave obeyed and told the other slaves. They started pouring water into the pot with the rice, until the pot was almost full. Zhao had given the slaves a few copper basins he had pulled from the barn to complete the task, while a few slaves kept the fire burning.



Zhao just wanted to give them a meal of rice that was actually very simple to make. In his past life, he lived on his own, so he was very good at making rice. He understood the ratio of rice to water. But now in this pot, he told them to put more water than usual because the firewood directly touched the bottom of the pot, so the heat was relatively hotter than normal.



They all looked at Zhao, who told them to boil rice. The slaves had only heard of boiling vegetables to make soup. They had never seen this kind of method to cook rice before.



It didn't take long before the rice fragrance started to seep out of the pot. This rice hasn't been grown with pesticides and fertilizers, so the natural flavor of the outer bran was good.



Each of the slaves were issued a cheap wooden bowl and spoon to use. Although a bowl, spoon, and cup were simple things, the slaves were very happy that they got to use them.



Zhao was staring at the pot of rice when Meirin came out of the hut. "Master, how do you use those kitchen tools to make a fire?"



It seemed like Meirin was having a little bit of trouble. Zhao followed her into the hut. He had not been too concerned about the kitchen tools, but now that he had a good look, it turned out that all the tools were electrical appliances, such as rice cookers, pancake makers, and a bunch of other things. Everything was electric. Zhao silently looked for any wires, but he didn't even know if there were any, and the walls of his hut was layered with thatch.



Seeing all of these things, Zhao looked at Meirin and wished that she would make some pancakes and fill them with fried vegetables, like some sort of pizza.



Just to be clear, that pizza wouldn't be the same as the ones from his past life. It would be a pancake topped with vegetables and ham. Back on Earth, Zhao used to live in China, where Chinese cuisine was world famous. But in this world, where they normally didn't eat rice, but mostly bread, he thought that they would be able to make somethi





ng like a pizza pie.



Zhao taught Meirin the usage of these electric appliances, and she learned of how convenient they were. There was no need for fire.



Seeing as how Meirin could now use the tools, Zhao didn't stay in the kitchen. He turned around and opened the door, which let in the smell of rice.



Zhao looked out, while Meirin whispered, "Master, it smells really fragrant. How did you make it?"



Zhao smiled and shrugged. "All you need to do is add in the right amount of water and then you can make some delicious rice. How can frying the hard rice grains directly compare to this? And to make it even more delicious, you can use some oil and vegetables to make a soup, then you could make a meal out of it. It would taste so much better."



Meirin had a look of worship. "Ah, Master really knows such wonderful things."



Zhao couldn't help but blush. This was something that everyone knew in China, but it seemed like he had just taken the credit for it.



Zhao went out to the pot of rice, which seemed to be ready. He picked up a corn stalk and used it to push off the copper basin that was covering the pot. The copper basin fell to the ground, releasing a large amount of heat from the pot, which caused Zhao to step backwards. Out of the heat came a full-bodied flavor of rice that smelled slightly sweet. The fragrance was even stronger than the rice from his past life. Zhao's mouth started to water.



Once the heat dispersed, the pot of rice revealed its true colors. It wasn't white like how Zhao imagined rice to be, but a little yellow. However, the fragrant smell was incredible.



Zhao pulled a spoon out of the barn and then slowly scooped up a spoonful of rice. Meg wanted to stop him, but Zhao moved the rice into his mouth too fast. Everyone couldn't help but stare as their master ate the rice that only slaves would eat.



Zhao closed his eyes as the fragrant flavor of rice filled his every being. It was savory and delicious, with a chewy, flexible texture. He then slowly put down the spoon as he opened his eyes. The slaves and Meg were all looking at him, and Zhao couldn't help but be embarrassed. "Please don't look at me. Go on and eat. If you absolutely don't think it's tasty, then you don't have to eat it. We can re-do the meal later."



The slaves didn't dare to move, although they did look eager. Zhao understood that it was because he was here, so the slaves tried not to act recklessly. He sighed and turned to Meg, and said, "Meg, let's go into the hut."



Meg understood what Zhao was trying to do, so she immediately nodded. "Yes, Master. Let's enter the hut and see what Grandma is making."



Zhao smiled. Meg was becoming more considerate, on top of being a kind and gentle girl. The two called Blockhead and Rockhead into the hut with them.



Daisy and Ann didn't follow. They wanted to stay and try out the rice to see how delicious it was. The moment Zhao and Meg went inside, the slaves immediately surrounded the pot, eating the rice and singing its praises.



Then one of the male slaves noticed a thick layer of crust in the pot. He had never seen this before. The slave was curious about the rice crust, so he grabbed some with his hand and sniffed it. It seemed to have an attractive scent. He eventually failed to block the temptation to bite it.



The moment he tasted it, his eyes brightened, and he quickly took a second bite. Since the pot wasn't small, there was a large amount of crust. A single person naturally couldn't finish all of it by himself, so the slave passed around the crust to everyone else. Before long, the slaves started to make a second pot of rice.



Meirin and Zhao, in fact, had been standing by the hut door, watching the slaves. The moment they saw the slaves making rice for the second time, Zhao immediately went out to them and said to the slaves. "I think that you will need another pot for soup. Although eating rice is good and well, some soup would be good too. You can't just survive on rice, you're going to need some vegetables."



Hearing what Zhao said, the slaves knew that he had been watching them, and they couldn't help but feel a little embarrassed. But still, they moved according to what Zhao told them. They were very grateful to him.



A lot of these people were on the verge of crying, because they had never eaten something so delicious.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 41




Chapter 41





Chapter 41 - Oath



The slaves weren't stupid. Almost all of these people knew how to cook. Previously, the slave owners would casually pick two people to make food for the rest of the slaves. So they weren't new to cooking.



Plus, making this rice was very simple. The slaves soon had another pot of rice going, and then covered it with the copper basin that Zhao had given them as a lid.



But the slaves didn't know how to make soup. The slave owners would only allow them to eat something like rice bran, and even moldy rice. Precisely because of this, everyday in the Continent there would be a lot of slaves that died. But for slave owners, they wouldn't care about those deaths, because they could just go out and buy more slaves.



Now the slaves were looking at the vegetables and oil in a daze. Daisy certainly understood their feelings, but since she had also been a commoner, she knew some simple dishes.



Daisy went to the empty pot that Zhao had brought out, and poured the oil into it. This oil came from a yellowish colored fruit that had a very high oil content. It grows in many places in the Continent, so it was very cheap.



Once the oil was hot, Daisy then put in the vegetables and simply stir-fried them. Finally, she added some water and threw in a little salt. After the water came to a boil, the soup was done.



This was the simplest way to make soup. There was almost no technical details or seasoning, only a little coarse salt.



On the Continent, salt wasn't cheap. The nobles generally used very refined salt, like the salt on Earth. But the slaves only get coarse salt, which was cheap with a lot of impurities.



Even so, if a slave owner gave the slaves a little salt every three days, then that owner would be considered very generous. But in general, slaves only get salt once a week, and the number of slave owners who gave them that much wasn't a lot.



Seeing Daisy working on the simple soup, Zhao sighed. Meg was standing beside him. "Master, is there a problem? Should we have given the slaves less salt?"



Zhao gave Meg a puzzled look. "With this kind of large pot, why should there be so little salt? I was just thinking how much our Buda clan was so weak that we could only give them simple food to eat. After we have money, we should let them eat meat."



The moment he finished speaking, he felt the eyes of everyone staring at him. He was confused, so he whispered to Meg, "Did I say something wrong?"



Meg looked at Zhao. Although the Buda clan had slaves, before they were exiled by the Empire, Adam had never come into contact with the slaves. Naturally, he didn't know what kind of life they lived. So she whispered to him to explain about the slaves living conditions.



Zhao was listening like a new born learning about this world. His ideas about how these people lived were so far away from Meg's. It was like something out of the olden days, like in the White-Haired Girl opera. It was difficult to resonate with because he didn't have the same kind of experiences. How could he understand it when he didn't have any personal experience to compare with.



Everyone waited until Meg finished explaining. Zhao then turned and looked at the slaves, his eyes full of sympathy. He sighed and said, "Rest assured, I will do whatever it takes. Sooner or later, I'll let you eat meat everyday. This I swear on the name of the Buda clan."



Zhao was a good person. Even though, in his past life, he was a timid person that didn't have much interpersonal skills, that didn't mean he was sick. He was just an otaku that couldn't understand the darkness of the world, so he chose to shut himself off. He was that kind of person.



But





in the Ark Continent, Zhao's status had changed. He was now a noble with his own territory. He had a hundred slaves whose lives he was responsible for. His words and actions would decide the life and death of these people. All of this gave Zhao a sense of responsibility. He believed that it was his duty to give everyone a better life, so he was bent on developing his territory.



The slaves excitedly fell to their knees. Like a sea, they all bowed down as one. "Master rewards us!"



Although they had nothing to give back, this sentence was enough for Zhao. The nobles on the Continent had a strange tradition. They do not easily swear. Even under normal circumstances, they would never use their family name to swear. Because swearing would put you under oath before God and on behalf of your family. An oath was a promise that you should never violate.



It was because of this that the slaves believed in Zhao's words. They believed that since he said an oath under his family name, that he would one day realize this dream of eating meat everyday.



Meg opened her mouth, but she didn't say anything. For the past few days she had been managing the slaves so, to be honest, she was very sympathetic to them. She didn't object to Zhao's words.



Just then, Meirin's voice came from a distance. "Master, it's time to eat."



Zhao turned around and nodded in her direction, then he looked back at the crowd. "Meg, Daisy, Ann, it's time for dinner."



Daisy and Ann wanted to stay here and eat, but Zhao's look told them that they would be going along with him to the hut, followed by Blockhead and Rockhead.



The moment they went into the hut, the slaves became more relaxed. Although Zhao had been very good to them, but for the slaves, Zhao was their master, so they felt uncomfortable with him around.



Inside the hut, Meirin had already made some pancakes and soup. Zhao actually wanted to eat rice, but one look from Meirin told him that there was no hope.



The hut only had four chairs, so Zhao took out three more from the barn. Now they could sit seven people. Although the table wasn't as big as the one in the castle's dining room, it was still big enough for all of them.



After everyone sat down, Zhao pulled out some knives and forks, and began to eat the pancake. In fact, he didn't want to use a knife and fork, but unfortunately, Meirin didn't agree.



The pancake didn't really have much flavor, but the taste was okay. Zhao slowly ate dinner. After everyone finished and Meirin cleaned things up, all of them went outside. By this time, the slaves had finished eating as well.



The pot was still there, but it had been cleaned out. The slaves seemed very full, and there was even one sitting with a spiritual look.



Zhao knew that after eating dinner, people would become sleepy, and these slaves were the same. He didn't make them get up and allowed them to lay on the ground.



Looking at the garbage, Zhao didn't want the space to be dirty, but these things could be left for later. He then looked up at the sky, and although it was a little hazy, fortunately he didn't see any black smoke floating up there. Even though they had lit a fire, it was a good thing that the space wasn't small.



Zhao then turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, let them rest. They just had dinner, so they're sleepy. Let them have a break."



Meirin eyed the slaves and only nodded her head. "Well, then we should take a break too."



Zhao shook his head. "Grandma Meirin, Meg, Blockhead, Rockhead, follow me into the hut. I have something for you to see." He opened the door to the hut and walked in.



Meirin and everyone didn't know what Zhao wanted to show them, but they followed him inside.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 42




Chapter 42





Chapter 42 - Try



Zhao led the four back into the hut. He then sat on the bed and opened up the screen. Once he touched it with his hand, the screen lit up, and the icons appeared.



Everyone was surprised when they saw the screen. It was truly remarkable.



Zhao pressed the camera icon, and a three-dimensional view of the castle appeared. There were a lot of little green dots.



Pressing one of the green dots immediately switched the screen to show the castle square.



The screen could only display a radius of one hundred meters from the spot where Zhao entered the space, and although that range wasn't small, it was still too far away to show the entire castle square. The square that the screen displayed wasn't very big, only showing the inner courtyard, the part closest to the castle. Even so, they could still clearly see a snake-like spirit beast and an undead humanoid on the screen.



Everyone was paying attention to the situation on the screen, and from what they could see, they couldn't help but freeze for a moment.



After awhile, Meirin said, "Is this the castle square?"



Zhao nodded. "Yes, this is the square. It seems that the spirit beasts are not gone yet, so we can't go out."



Even after hearing that, Meirin was excited. "But this is a good thing. With this, Master, you can be safe. You don't need to be afraid of the enemy."



Zhao gave a wry smile. No matter what, Meirin's first thoughts were always the issues concerning his safety.



Zhao returned the screen back to the three-dimensional map, then he pointed at the green dots for Meirin to see. "These green dots represent spirit beasts. It seems like the density of spirit beasts are a lot less than the last time I checked. A few spirit beasts might have already left."



He then switched the image to the living room. It was a mess. Everything was destroyed. Zhao then flicked through all the main rooms of the castle within his range, and almost all of them were destroyed by the undead spirit beasts.



Meirin made a face that wasn't very nice. When they first came to the castle, there was nothing, but since then they had filled it with household items. Now it had all been destroyed.



After looking through a radius of one hundred meters, Zhao returned the screen back to the three-dimensional map, then he turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, the situation outside is dire. We'll have to rest in the space for a few days. Right now all you can do is teach everyone how to read and write."



Meirin nodded. "Master need not worry, I know how to do this."



Zhao then said, "Meanwhile, I'll tidy up my barn. I had brought a lot of seeds from the castle's storage and I want to try to grow them in this space."



Meirin froze, then she shook her head. "Master, those kinds of seeds are nothing. They're just common seeds. Their yield aren't as high as corn and they don't grow any magic vegetables. We only brought them here to the Black Waste because we thought that we could grow it on the mountain. So we didn't buy any precious seeds, only common ones."



"I still want to look at the seeds anyway. It would be a waste to not examine them," Zhao said.



"Master, I don't agree. If you are going to plant any seeds in this space, you should plant those magic radishes. Magic vegetables are better sellers than ordinary vegetables, and right now the Buda clan needs money. If you want to try to plant those common seeds, then you should plant them on the mountain. Those kinds of worthless seeds shouldn't take up the land in this space."



"Grandma Meirin, I'm not





going to plant those seeds yet. I just want to take a look. You don't know this, but one of the characteristics of this space is that every time I take something out that could be special, the space will level up, uh, I mean this space will get stronger. Last time, I took the black soil and the lake water into this space, and it gave me two extra acres of land. So if I try to grow those seeds, then maybe the area of land in this space might get larger, and then I would be able to grow more things."



Meirin was stunned by Zhao's words. "If it's like this, then it's possible to try, Master. If those seeds could help make this space stronger, then that's good."



Since that was settled, Zhao continued, "Grandma Meirin, tomorrow morning, tell everyone to clean up the garbage and pile all of it into one place. So when we leave this space, I could just take out all the garbage in the same process."



"Yes, Master. I'll take care of it."



"And Grandma Meirin," Zhao said after looking around at all the furnishings, "if I organize this room a little, I think I can fit in another bed, then you won't have to sleep outside."



Meirin shook her head. "No, Master. Resting outside is fine."



Zhao saw that Meirin absolutely wouldn't budge on this issue, but a part of him already knew that it was impossible for Meirin to rest inside this room, so he said, "Then at least let me get some beds from the barn and put them outside. Yes, I'll move them next to the hut so you and the others can sleep close by."



Meirin had no objections this time. She felt that it was nice to sleep in the open air. But do not forget that this was a closed space. Being crowded around a hundred slaves makes it hard to sleep.



Zhao decided that he was going to take out some wood and make two separate rooms on the side of the hut. Although he couldn't make a roof, he could at least make it so that people wouldn't be able to look inside.



Seeing as Meirin had no objections, he left the hut, followed by everyone else. Outside, the slaves were up, filled with spirit. After eating a meal, they would be very sleepy, but after a period of time they would feel better.



While calling over those slaves, Zhao came up with some wood and told them to build two separate rooms next to the hut. Each room was to have three beds. One was for Meirin, Meg, and Daisy, while the other was for Blockhead, Rockhead, and Ann.



The reason that Zhao let Daisy and Ann stay with the others was, in fact, to show that they were different from the slaves.



Although Daisy and Ann had become commoners and servants of the Buda clan, they still interacted with the slaves. He wanted them to tell the slaves what a change of status could do. Whether it was dinner or their sleeping arrangements, he had to show off their differences in order to nudge the slaves towards the goal of trying to become a free commoner. This was his policy.



Zhao was an otaku, he had no extraordinary management skills. However, he was an avid reader, although he mostly read light novels. But you couldn't deny that you could learn something useful from those books. Everything Zhao knew came from school and reading light novels.



Although the stuff in those light novels might not necessarily be true, those books had been written by people from all walks of life. Those people had put everything they knew into those novels, so it makes them worth reading. Zhao liked those types of books, he had learned a lot of useful things from them.



To an outsider, what Zhao was experiencing might seem like something out of a fantasy novel, but here it was much more real. Zhao was clear on the fact that if he died here, he would really be dead. This wasn't a game or a dream. This was real life.



Everyone would use everything they learned and apply it to their life, and Zhao was no exception. Although he didn't know if what he learned was correct, he would always try to keep on learning, and it was only through this way that people would mature, right?





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 43




Chapter 43





Chapter 43 - Refresh



After everything was finished, Meirin taught the slaves to read for awhile, then they made arrangments to go to sleep.



The temperature in the space was very appropriate. Not too cold, not too hot. Spreading out the blankets, the slaves got a good night's sleep.



At midnight, a tone chimed, waking Zhao up. The radishes have matured, and he had to harvest them.



Zhao originally wanted to plant the common seeds, but he was too sleepy, so he decided to just plant another batch of radishes. Otherwise, if the seeds got the spatial farm to level up, he would have to do a lot more things and thus wouldn't be able to go to sleep.



By the next morning, the corn was almost about to mature. Zhao heard movement outside, so he got up. He went out and saw that the slaves were already awake, cooking for themselves under Meirin's watchful eyes. Seeing Zhao up, Meirin immediately got him a basin of water.



After Zhao washed up, he searched around the farm to see if there were any changes, finding nothing special.



But when he looked over at the place where the slaves were cooking, he suddenly felt that something was wrong. It was too clean. The garbage that they had made yesterday was gone. Today, there was nothing, which didn't seem right. Even if the slaves were to pick up the trash, it was impossible to make it that clean.



Moving to Meg's side, Zhao asked, "Meg, did Grandma Meirin tell those slaves to clean up yet?"



Meg was surprised at Zhao's questions, but she shook her head. "No, ah, Grandma hasn't told them yet to work this morning."



Zhao nodded. In his heart, he made a guess. He turned around and went to the barn. Meg knew that next to the barn was the bathroom, so she thought that Zhao was going to take a dump.



But Meg was wrong. Zhao just wanted to see the bathroom in order to confirm his guess.



When he entered the bathroom, he knew that his guess was correct. It seemed like the space refreshed its environment once a day. All the useless things were scrubbed away and the space was restored to its original appearance.



However, the rooms that he had built hasn't disappeared, probably because any useful things weren't brushed away by the space.



Seeing this, Zhao couldn't help but feel relieved that there was a way to deal with the junk problem in his space. It was a headache for him, and he didn't expect that the space would actually solve it on its own. This was very convenient.



Zhao returned to the hut where Meg was standing, waiting for him. Looking at Zhao, Meg couldn't help but blush. Zhao wanted to ask her why she was blushing, but he didn't know how to ask, because after all he had just come out of the bathroom.



Meirin had been directing the slaves to cook, but now that Zhao was awake, she naturally went into the hut to prepare breakfast for him.



Zhao wanted to see what was happening outside the space, so he also went into the hut, but he sat on his bed and opened up the screen to look. In this case, he was checking the three-dimensional map. The outside situation seemed to be improving. Within the radius of one hundred meters, there were only a few spirit beasts. To Zhao's surprise, there were less than ten green dots within range. Three of them were humanoid skeletons, while the rest were more beast shaped.



Although he didn't understand why there were so few undead spirit beasts, Zhao wasn't concerned about it. As long as there were still spirit beasts outside, then it was unsafe to go out.



Shutting down the screen, Zhao looked at the kitchen and saw Meirin making breakfast. She was preparing to make him pancakes. To be honest, every morning he would get bread w





ith his meal, so he really wasn't used to this.



Meirin saw Zhao standing next to her, and said, "Are you hungry, Master? Rest assured, it'll be ready soon."



"Grandma Meirin, although this looks delicious, how about tomorrow morning, we could eat some rice. You don't need to bother with making this pancake pie anymore."



Meirin was surprised. "Rice is food for the slaves. How can I make Master eat it?"



Zhao went silent. From Adam's memories, he couldn't recall of any mention of nobility eating rice. Shaking his head, he said, "Grandma Meirin, you know that we have to stay in this space for a few more days. This place isn't the same as the castle. There is no way to make bread here, so there's no reason not to eat rice everyday, right? You saw it yesterday, didn't you? The rice tastes very good."



Meirin didn't say anything. Yesterday, she could see that the rice did seem really good. To tell the truth, she also wanted to give it a taste too.



She also thought of how this space was different from outside. In the castle, the kitchen had a stone oven, so she could make bread or desserts, but here she could only make pancakes with the electric pancake maker. It would be troubling if they just ate pancakes everyday, so she finally nodded her head. "Well, let's do as you say, Master."



Zhao couldn't help but cheer loudly. Although he had respect for the dough, he preferred to eat rice. In particular, the rice from yesterday, which was really good.



After breakfast, Meirin taught the slaves how to read. Zhao also told Meirin that they didn't need to clean up the garbage, and instead just move it to one side. Meirin didn't understand what Zhao meant, but she did what he said because she believed in him.



She believed in Zhao because he had used the space to save all of them, and also because the longer she stayed in the space, the more it affected her.



When Blockhead and Rockhead first entered the space, it changed their hearts, same way it affected Meirin. At first, the change wasn't that strong for her due to the fact that she was a mage with a lot of spiritual force, so anything that completely affected other people would only have a slight effect on her. But after staying in the space for a long time, she had been changed by it. That was why she didn't refute Zhao's words.



That was to say, she had never refuted Zhao's words before, except when he wanted to do something dangerous. If anything he did was detrimental to himself, she would stop him. The space might have changed them, but it didn't affect their intelligence. On the contrary, it made them smarter.



As for the slaves, they were loyal to the Buda clan because they were the clan's slaves. But ever since they've been in this space, they swore allegiance to Zhao.



Zhao didn't feel any change from the space. No one actually felt it. That was because it wasn't just changing one person. Everyone was changing at the same time, so no one noticed it.



Shortly before noon, the radishes matured. After Zhao harvested the radishes, he took out some seeds from the barn.



These seeds were divided into several types. The most common seeds came from the fruit that had a very high oil content. Green had bought these seeds because it could be grown in poor soil. Not only that, it also had a long lifespan, lasting hundreds of years. Plus, from planting the seeds to growing the fruit, it would only take two years.



Green thought that these fruit seeds would be necessary for the future development of the Buda clan, so he bought a lot of them.



Although the price of oil was cheap, it was still a necessity to the people of the Continent. Green's idea was that once they planted these fruit seeds, two years later, they would be able to harvest a lot of fruits, then process them to make oil. Selling this oil would be able to give the Buda clan a steady income.



The remaining seeds that he had bought were just some common vegetable seeds and field seeds.



Magic vegetable seeds had very rich soil requirements, so it was impossible to grow them on the mountain. That was why he only bought ordinary vegetable seeds.



As for the field seeds that Green had bought, they were used to grow a crop called alfalfa, which was an herb that grew annually. It can be grown as a pasture to feed low leveled herbivorous spirit beasts. But what was most important about this crop was its fertilizer effects. When you harvest it, you would cut off the top of the plant, leaving the roots in the soil. These roots would slowly improve the land, making the soil more fertile.



It can be said that before coming to the Black Waste, Green had thought of many things to try to help the Buda clan survive. Fruit seeds to make oil that could pay for basic living expenses and alfalfa seeds that could fertilize the soil in the mountain. And once the land becomes more fertile, they would be able to plant other things, increasing their income even more.



Of course, Green didn't know about Zhao's farm cheat.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 44




Chapter 44





Chapter 44 - Level Up



[Discovery of vegetable seed. Level identification: Negative. No merit. Do not extract]



[Discovery of vegetable seed. Level identification: Negative. No merit. Do not extract]



[Discovery of vegetable seed. Level identification: Negative. No merit. Do not extract]



..................



[Discovery of field seed. Level identification: Zero. Similar to spatial hay seeds. Do not extract. Retaining seed]



[Discovery of fruit seed. Level identification: Four. Extracting seed. Extraction complete. Seed has been digitized into the space. Seed can now be purchased from the shop]



The moment Zhao took out the seeds, a bunch of tones rang out. Except for the alfalfa seeds and fruit seeds, the other seeds disappeared. "This space is really overbearing," he said. "If it doesn't have a high enough level, it would be taken out of sight. Fortunately, the rest were good enough."



Everyone else didn't understand what the series of tones meant, nor did they know what identification or extraction was. All they saw was that half of the seeds had disappeared.



Once Zhao finished, the voice echoed again: [Spatial farm level has risen to five. You will be rewarded with a bag of eggplant seeds, which can fill two acres] [Cultivating new land requires you to be at level five and one thousand one hundred gold coins. You have reached the requirement. Do you wish to cultivate two acres of land?]



When Zhao heard the voice, he couldn't help but feel relieved. He finally confirmed that the best way to level up his spatial farm was to take things into the space, otherwise his level up speed would have been too slow. He immediately said, "Cultivate the land."



The moment he spoke those words, a white light flashed next to the corn field, and then two new acres of fertile land appeared.



Understanding that the space would continue to add fertile land, Zhao wondered about the other places, like the background land of the game. He wondered if he would be able to some day grow things in the background. Ah, that would be nice.



The voice echoed: [Your level is not high enough. Cultivating background land requires you to be at level thirty]



Zhao froze for a moment. Would he really be able to use the background land if he reached that level? If he could, then that would be great.



Meirin went to Zhao's side. "Master, now that you've cultivated some new land, what are you going to plant?"



Zhao looked at the two acres of land, as well as his original mu of farm land where he had just finished harvesting the radishes. "Grandma Meirin, I'm going to plant corn on those two acres of land. As for the rest, how about I plant some fruit seeds? What do you think?"



Meirin hesitated to answer while looking at the mu of land. She knew that was where he grew the magic radishes, so she was surprised when he said that he wasn't planning on continuing to plant radishes there.



Zhao saw Meirin's hesitation, and smiled. "Right now I already have two hundred forty thousand catty of radishes. Even if they are good sellers, if I sell too much, it might decline the price of radishes. But the oil from that fruit isn't the same. That oil is a necessity to everyone in the Continent. Even if I sell a million catty of it, it won't cause too much of an impact on the market."



After hearing what Zhao said, Meirin agreed. "Okay, Master. Go ahead and plant a fruit orchard."



Zhao nodded. "Plant one mu of fruit seeds."



The moment his voice faded, the small shovel and bucket immediately went to work until the seeds were safely in the ground. Zhao made a calculation and it seemed li





ke he would only be able to plant three hundred trees.



Once the fruit seeds were planted, Zhao put the rest of the seeds back into the spatial barn. As of now, he wasn't going to plant any more corn seeds just yet. He decided to wait until after the corn had matured. That way, he would be able to plant the corn seeds in all four acres at the same time, and then harvest them together.



Everyone was stunned silly from Zhao's performance. Such a big space was listening to Zhao's every word. It was like a miracle.



The crowd stared at him in worship, and even Meirin had the same look in her eyes. Everything that happened in the space was too amazing. Not to mention the slaves, even Meirin had never heard of something like this. They were amazed that such a thing existed in this world.



Seeing everyone's eyes on him, Zhao felt a bit embarrassed. Although he was now the lord of the Buda clan, in his past life, he was an otaku, so by nature he felt shy with everyone watching him.



Zhao quickly said, "Grandma Meirin, I'm going back to the hut to check the situation outside." He went into the hut and shut the door.



Looking at Zhao's departing back, Meirin and Meg couldn't help but laugh. They understood that he was feeling shy. This surprised them because they knew the Adam from before, and Adam was not a shy person. But Adam and Zhao were completely different. Previously, Zhao had little contact with people, so he was very shy. Seeing him act like that was very funny to Meirin and Meg.



When Zhao entered the hut, he took a few breaths to calm himself, then he cursed the two. He then opened the screen and looked at the castle, trying to find any spirit beasts. He could do this while lying in bed.



Operating the space was really too easy. There were a lot of things he didn't know how to do, whether it was plowing or just farming in general, but he just needed to think it, and the space would help him. Although this was quite convenient, it still made him feel very bored.



From outside the hut, he could hear Meirin teaching the slaves how to read. The sound calmed his heart. He felt like he was in the poem, Lou Shi Ming, about how a noble was living in a shabby home. Zhao suddenly felt like reading so he pulled a miscellaneous book from the barn.



It took two hours before the corn matured. Zhao went outside to harvest the corn, then he planted some corn seeds in the four acres of land. After he was finished, he returned to his hut and continued to read.



Zhao knew that, unlike the other crops, the oil fruits wouldn't grow as fast. After all, in the outside world, it would need two years to fully mature. Now that the seed has been digitized, he estimated that it should take around three to four days.



Sure enough, in the next two days, although the corn had already matured, the fruit seeds had just started sprouting.



In these two days time, Zhao had been paying attention to the situation in the castle. By now he hasn't seen a shadow of an undead spirit beast, but he still didn't let Meirin got out to explore yet. He was afraid that the spirit beasts were still around, just beyond his range. If they were to find Meirin, although she might not necessarily be in danger, there was still a risk.



Still, they couldn't stay in this space forever. After all, the castle was their home. They had to leave sooner or later.



These days, Zhao found that the slaves weren't in a good mood. Although they have been learning to read and write, they haven't been working. All they do was eat and improve their literacy skills. They weren't accustomed to doing no work at all, and for some reason this made them feel sorry for Zhao.



Everyday they would eat fragrant rice with soup as a meal, which for the slaves seemed like paradise. Although this made them grateful to Zhao, it also made them feel like they were doing something wrong to him.



But Zhao didn't notice this. He has been doing nothing but reading. It was Meirin who was teaching them. Only after the two days had passed did Zhao finally realize that the slaves mood seemed very low.



Meirin didn't know why, so she had no choice but to let Daisy ask them because they were more open with her.



Over the evening meal, Daisy asked them what was wrong. When she told Meirin, and when Zhao heard about it, he was dumbfounded.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 45




Chapter 45



Chapter 45 - Angry



After dinner, Meirin and Zhao were left alone in the room. While she was making some tea, Zhao asked, "Grandma Meirin, what do you think we should do about the slaves?



Meirin thought about it, then looked at Zhao in the eye. "Do you really want to listen to my advice, Master?"



"Of course, Grandma Meirin. You're the one that's been managing the slaves. I have never been in control of the Buda clan before we were exiled. So in that respect, you have a lot more experience than me."



"Thank you for the compliment, Master." Meirin smiled. "Here's my advice. I think that you have been too good to the slaves. You should crack down on them a little."



These words confused Zhao. "You're saying that I should be a little more harsh to the slaves? Why?"



"Master, you know, it's not bad to have a tough side. If you're too gentle, people would think that you could be bullied. Of course, the slaves would never do that to you, but if they think that you're too good to them, then they will feel sorry for you. This time it's because of you letting them learn literacy skills. In their view, learning to read is a reward. But they haven't been working, so giving them this reward makes them feel uneasy."



Zhao was surprised. He had been thinking that the slaves were the same as the students from his past life. To be honest, no student considers learning as a reward. They would only be happy when classes ended.



But it was different in this world. Almost all technology and knowledge has been closed off from the slaves. The slaves were just there to work. In the eyes of the nobility, slaves weren't even considered people.



"I understand," Zhao said. "Thank you, Grandma Meirin. Let me think about it."



Meirin nodded, pleased. It was undeniable that he had become a good person, but she recognized that he still had so much to learn.



Zhao sat there for a moment. He had been thinking about how to deal with this problem. To be honest, since this was the first time he had encountered something like this, he wasn't sure if he could handle it.



After he thought about it, Zhao stood up and took a deep breath. "Grandma Meirin, I want to meet the slaves."



Meirin nodded. The two left the hut and went to the slaves, who were now practicing their words on the ground, using the corn stalks to write in the dirt.



From what Zhao could see, the slaves seemed somewhat listless. This was a big difference from how excited they were when they first started to learn to read and write.



"Stop!" Zhao said.



When the slaves saw Zhao, they immediately dropped their corn stalks and knelt on the ground. But it wasn't like before because this time Zhao didn't ask them to stand back up. "I have heard that in the past few days, you haven't been very serious about learning to read and write?"



His voice wasn't very loud, but it had a disturbing calmness to it, making the slaves involuntarily shiver. In unison, they said, "Please, Master, punish us."



Zhao's words were like ice. "You still haven't figured it out? Learning how to read and write isn't a reward. It is to help you better serve the Buda clan. Even if you are stupid, you should be able to understand the situation that the clan is currently in. Except for manual labor, what else can you do? What can you make? What's your specialty? If I give you a book, would you be able to understand the words? No, you would not. You don't understand anything. Are you a horse? Can you do nothing but work like a horse? Remember that people can learn how to read, but a ho





rse can not. If you don't learn, how can you better serve the Buda clan?



All the slaves were trembling on their knees. This was the first time Zhao had said such harsh words to them. They were scared.



Zhao took a few breaths to calm himself. "I'd told you that if you do well, I can free you from slavery. But if I give you a commoner status, do you think you will live out good days? Wrong! If you can not afford anything, at best you would be an inferior commoner. You have to remember that I need motivated people for the Buda clan, people that are bent on having a good life, not those who would settle for just eating and shitting until they die!"



He then looked over at Daisy. "You are probably wondering why I gave Daisy a commoner status even though all she did was weave weeds. A lot of you can now weave weeds, and even those of you that worked with Ann are not doing a bad job, so why didn't I restore you as a commoner? I'll tell you. It is because she stood up and tried to change her life. She wanted to be better, as well as save her brother. What I'm giving you is a fair chance at education, not a reward. I hope that you can learn from Daisy. Right now the Buda clan needs one hundred dedicated people, not one hundred slaves. Do you understand?"



Kneeling, the slaves loudly shouted, 'We understand, Master!"



The slaves were really excited. This was the first time a noble was trying to help them become something more. Although Zhao spoke to them with fire, there was no resentment in their hearts. On the contrary, they were full of gratitude and reverence towards Zhao.



After Zhao finished his speech, he said, "Stand up! I do not like it when people always kneel in front of me. Remember, learn to read and write well. This isn't a reward, it is my command!"



The slaves stood up in unison, "Yes, Master!"



Although the slaves had been kneeling on the ground for a long time, when they stood up, instead of wilting, their bodies were full of strength.



Meirin was standing behind Zhao, smiling with eyes full of joy. In her heart, she didn't expect that Zhao would do so well today, even better than she had imagined. Not only did he crack down on the slaves, he also made them feel gratitude towards him. She was extremely satisifed with Zhao's performance.



After looking at the slaves stretching their bodies, Zhao nodded, then turned to Meirin and said, "The rest is up to you, Grandma Meirin. But maybe this time we shouldn't teach them everyday, otherwise their heads would turn into wood, unable to remember anything."



Meirin smiled. "Master need not worry. I know what I'm doing. This isn't my first time teaching students."



Zhao laughed, then turned and walked into the hut, while Meg watched him with a look of worship.



Today, Meg thought that Zhao looked very handsome. When he gave that speech, his body seemed to glow with a strange force that attracted her eyes. She couldn't look away for one second.



When Zhao returned to the hut, he tried to remember if he did everything like he had planned. He went over the emotions he conveyed, the pauses in the appropriate places, and the right expressions on his face, all to make the performance more real. Thinking over his words, he didn't notice that Meg had followed him into the room.



Looking at Zhao, Meg couldn't help but smile. His strength settled her mind, giving her a serene feeling that was very reassuring.



Zhao then noticed that someone was standing behind him. Surprised, he looked back, but it was just Meg. Since Zhao was an otaku, he wasn't used to being in contact with girls. Now that Meg was standing behind him, he didn't know what to do.



Feeling helpless, Zhao said, "Ah, Meg, what can I do for you?"



"What? Can I not enter this room, Master?" Meg smiled.



"Yes, of course," Zhao quickly said. "You can always come in. Sit down, I'll make some tea."



Meg couldn't help but laugh. "Master, let me prepare the tea, otherwise Grandma will scold me."



"No, let me do it. I'm the one that offered you a drink," Zhao said.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 46




Chapter 46





Chapter 46 - Red Dot



Meg laughed as she looked at Zhao. She really didn't think that this person's character would actually become so great. Before, Adam was wild and outgoing, on the edge of being an idiot. But now, Zhao was an introvert, calm, and very attentive. She preferred Zhao.



Seeing as how Meg wasn't speaking, Zhao grew nervous, not knowing what to do. "Uh, how about you sit down, while I check the situation outside just in case." He pulled up his screen and looked at the castle.



In the three-dimensional map, there were no green dots, same as the last time he checked.



Zhao sighed. He was preparing to wait two more days. In two days, if the green dots didn't reappear, then he'll send Meirin out to check if the spirit beasts really did leave.



Meg was standing beside Zhao, also looking at the screen. But she didn't know how to operate it. It seemed like Zhao was the only one who could do anything in this space.



For example, Blockhead had tried to pick up the small shovels and buckets, but it was like they were nailed to the ground. Even with his strength, he couldn't move them.



Meg understood that the green dots represented the spirit beasts. Since they were concerned, they've kept up to date with the situation outside, so she knew that there were no spirit beasts on the screen the last time Zhao checked. When Meirin wanted to go out and see, Zhao stopped her. Meirin didn't oppose his decision, knowing that he was worried.



But seeing that there were no green dots again, Meg said with urgency, "Master, there are no spirit beasts outside, let me go out and see. With my speed, there will be no danger."



Zhao shook his head. "Now is not the time. Those spirit beasts might have disappeared, but they could still be out there beyond the moat. And what if there was poison throughout the castle. If we rush out there, we might find some trouble. Let's stay in the space for another day or two, just for some added insurance."



Although Meg didn't agree with what Zhao said, she still nodded, but then she suddenly noticed something on the screen. "Master, what's that red dot?"



Zhao's attention wasn't on the screen, so he didn't notice the red dot until Meg pointed it out. He turned and looked. There really was a red dot on the screen! And it was moving so fast!



The red dot was quickly moving through the main rooms of the castle. Zhao was surprised because he had never seen it before. He immediately tried to press the red dot on the screen, but it was moving with such a fast speed, he couldn't hit it. The only thing he could do was summon up the living room view and quietly wait for the red dot to end up there.



Meg was also looking at the screen, but occasionally her eyes would flick up to the upper left corner where there was a reduced sized three-dimensional map of the castle. She was able to see the movement of the red dot as it explored the rooms.



Soon the red dot was going down from the third floor and was now moving towards the living room. Zhao and Meg concentrated on the living room, and soon the red dot ended up there.



Suddenly, a shadow flashed on the screen, and a man appeared in the room. Zhao and Meg cried out in joy at the sight of the man. It was Green!



Seeing Green, Meg grabbed Zhao's shoulder. "Master, it's Grandpa! Grandpa came back! He's looking for us."



Zhao nodded. With a thought, a misty hole suddenly appeared in front of Green, followed by Zhao's voice. "Grandpa Green, come in."



Green felt anxious. He had been back in the Black Waste for the past two days.



When Green had first left the Black Waste,





he went to the Purcell duchy, which was a subsidiary of the Aksu imperial principality. This duchy was ruled by Evan Purcell. Because of the fact that the Black Waste was located behind it, there would be no threat from that direction, so the duchy was able to grow and become one of the most developed economic regions in the Aksu Empire, making Duke Evan very powerful.



It was worth mentioning that the Purcell clan and the Buda clan had a very secret relationship. Evan's favorite daughter, Rui Purcell, who was the future Duchess, was supposed to marry Adam Buda. Normally, Rui would be Adam's fiancee, but now she was Zhao's fiancee.



But anyone on the Continent with a discerning eye could tell at a glance that it was impossible for the Purcell clan to recognize this marriage. That was because everyone was aware that there was no real love or friendship between the nobles. Adam's and Rui's marriage was only for political purposes.



So when the Buda clan was in trouble, the Purcell clan didn't help them, and instead selectively chose to forget about the Buda clan. Even when the Buda clan had to cross over the Purcell duchy to get to the Black Waste for their exile, the Purcell clan didn't come forward to meet them, adding insult to injury.



Still, Green recognized that the Purcell clan really ran their territory well, and it was precisely because of this that it was able to become a duchy.



Because of the well-developed territory, even the living standards of the ordinary commoners was relatively high. It would be easy to sell some magic radishes here.



Once Green went into the duchy, he found a large magic vegetable supplier, and talked to him a little about the price of radishes.



Eighty thousand catty of radishes was a lot, but it would be impossible for just that much to impact the Empire's radish market, even if the Empire was only a small principality.



But it wasn't as simple as Zhao just having eighty thousand catty of radishes. If Zhao wished to, he could grow three batches of radishes a day, adding up to two hundred and forty thousand catty of radishes. Two hundred and forty thousand catty of radishes per day? What kind of concept was that? Would there even be enough people in the Aksu Empire to eat all of those radishes?



But Green didn't know this about Zhao's spatial farm. The only thing he could do was talk about the quality of the radish. Because this time he wasn't just looking for any magic vegetable vendor, but a business that was well known across half the Continent: The Markey Company, which specialized in commodities, with magic vegetables as their core business. Although they didn't look fancy, generally even the nobles were afraid to offend them.



The radishes produced on the Continent weren't as great as the magic radish. Ordinary radishes had an acrid taste. But the magic radishes produced in the space were long, straight, and fat. Plus, they were crunchy with a sweet taste. In short, they will be very popular.



Because of the quality of the magic radish, the Markey Company bought them at eight times the market price, having decided on a batch of one hundred thousand catty per month. But this was just the initial number. If the radishes sold well, they were going to buy more.



While conducting business in the Purcell Duchy, Green happened to hear some mercenaries talking about an outbreak of spirit beasts from the carrion swamp. This news made his heart sink, so Green immediately ran back to the Black Waste.



However, he couldn't make it to the castle. There were too many undead spirit beasts. Green had no choice but to wait on the outer edge of the Black Waste for two days. He was so anxious, it felt like fire ants were crawling all over his body.



How could Green know that there would be an outbreak of undead spirit beasts from the carrion swamp. He had originally lived in the Aksu imperial capital, where the activities of the Black Waste wasn't well understood. They knew that it was a place of death and that no one went there, but the information about it was vague. There were only rumors that there would be an outbreak of spirit beasts every decade or two, and the last time there was an outbreak was two years ago. Although it was just rumors, everyone on the Continent agreed that the outbreaks came in a steady rhythm.



It was because of this that Green didn't spend so much on the castle's defenses. So when he heard about the outbreak of spirit beasts, it was like being hit with a hammer. He was afraid that Zhao would be hurt. If something happened to him, then the Buda clan was finished.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 47




Chapter 47





Chapter 47 - Calculation



As Zhao expected, the undead spirit beasts were wandering around on the Black Waste.



Fortunately, there were no longer any undead spirit beasts in the castle, nor did they break the gate or destroy the defensive walls. They were only able to get into the castle by climbing the walls, break everything inside, then climb back out.



It had to be recognized that even the most ordinary spirit beast was stronger than any animal on Earth. If there were lions and tigers on the Ark Continent, they would starve.



When Green saw that everything inside the castle was destroyed, his heart froze, but he didn't panic like an ordinary person would. When he was young, he fought alongside Adam's grandfather, and later his father, on the battlefield, so he had a lot of combat experience. It only took him a couple of seconds to realize that something was wrong.



There were no signs of fighting in the castle!



Although everything was destroyed, Green could see that there wasn't a trace of blood. The spirit beasts were probably venting their anger when they found nobody in the castle.



To make sure, Green carefully explored every room, finding no one. The only explanation he could come up with was that everyone had suddenly disappeared.



Just then, a misty hole appeared in the living room, followed by Zhao's voice. "Grandpa Green, come in."



Green was shocked. He dodged past the mist and looked inside the hole, but he couldn't see anything. However, he had no other choice so he jumped inside.



Green appeared in the spatial farm, right on the edge of the oil fruit fields. The trees had not beared fruit yet, and there were slaves nearby carefully learning how to read.



Meirin was next to the slaves, but she was the first one to notice that he had returned. "Green, you're back!" she immediately said.



Green was looking around in a daze. "Meirin, what is this place?"



Meirin smiled. "This is the young master's space. This is where that magic radish he gave you came from."



Then Zhao and Meg ran out of the hut. Zhao quickly moved into Green's open arms. "Grandpa Green, you're finally back!"



Green smiled. "Yes, Master. I'm back."



Zhao laughed. "Come on, now that you're back, let's talk inside." He pulled Green along, followed by the others.



Inside the hut, Zhao simply told Green about the situation with the space. Hearing what he said, Green's eyes shined, understanding what the spatial farm means for the Buda clan.



Once Zhao finished, Green excitedly said, "This is great, Master! With this space, we can revive the Buda clan."



Zhao smiled, then he took a sip of tea. "Grandpa Green, how did the magic radishes sell?"



"Master doesn't need to worry," Green said. "I negotiated with the Markey Company. They agreed to buy our eighty thousand catty of radishes, plus an additional twenty thousand catty, per month. And if they sell well, they might order even more."



"Great! But for how much?"



Green smiled. "Eight times the market price."



Zhao nodded. To be honest, this price exceeded his expectations. He thought that six times the market price would have been pretty good. After all, they were selling wholesale, not retail.



He then pointed out the fruit trees. "These oil fruits should ripen soon, then we'll be able to get a lot of oil. Will the Markey Company buy these?"



"I don't know," Green said while looking at the trees. "But the Markey Company pays attention to quality. Si





nce our magic radishes were of good quality, they might take a look. If these oil fruits are also good, they will certainly buy them."



Zhao nodded, followed by a frown. "Grandpa Green, I forgot to ask, how is the situation out there on the Black Waste? Are there any spirit beasts around?"



Green's brows wrinkled. "There are, but their numbers have lessened. But I suggest that we should wait a few more days before we go out there, unless we want to attract a large number of spirit beasts."



Not waiting for Zhao to speak, Meg jumped in." Grandpa, Master has long thought the same, otherwise we wouldn't still be in here. You see, there is this magical thing that allows us to see the castle. It also helped us find you when you came back."



Meg spoke of the screen, which she felt was now even more magical because it could distinguish between friend or foe.



Green was curious about this screen, and Zhao wanted to demonstrate it for him, but then the voice suddenly came: [Oil fruit has matured. Please harvest as soon as possible]



Zhao was surprised for a moment, but then he left the hut. He looked towards the oil fruit fields that he had planted four days ago.



The fruit from those trees looked like kiwis from Earth, but it had a smooth blue-gray outer skin, and it was the size of a man's fist. The inside was a greenish yellow, and the juice had a lot of pulp as well as a high oil content.



Green was surprised at the sight of them. He knew very clearly that the oil fruits that grew on the Continent weren't this large. Looking at all the trees, the amount of oil they could get would definitely not be low.



But Zhao didn't know what Green was thinking. He was focusing on trying to figure out how much fruit the space had produced. There were three hundred trees, and each tree seemed to have made one thousand five hundred catty worth of fruit. With such a high yield, there would be a total of four hundred and fifty thousand catty of oil fruits. So they could probably extract three hundred thousand catty of oil, and this was certainly not a low number.



However, after he harvests the fruit, it seemed like he would only need two days before they mature again. Zhao calculated that in a month, he would be able to grow a batch of oil fruits nine times. That would mean he could squeeze out two million seven hundred thousand catty of oil per month.



After Zhao made these calculations, he said, "Harvest the oil fruits."



The basket flew out, collecting all the oil fruits. Green was surprised because this was the first time he had seen such a thing.



Green knew of how useful oil fruit could be. In addition to the oil they could make, the remainder of the fruit could be used to feed a lot of spirit beasts. Also, these fruit trees were a multi-batch crop, which had a huge advantage. You wouldn't need to plant them again after every harvest.



After the oil fruit was harvested, Zhao went towards the hut, but Green couldn't wait to ask, "Master, how much oil fruit did you harvest?"



Zhao smiled. "Around four hundred and fifty thousand catty. Each of these three hundred trees yields about one thousand five hundred catty."



Green had his head down as he counted it out, thinking of how much oil they could squeeze out of these fruits. "That means we can make three hundred thousand catty of oil? What a huge yield!"



Green knew that in the outside world they would be lucky to produce five hundred catty of fruit per tree, but in this space they had grown a heavy one thousand five hundred catty. This wasn't a small difference.



"Also, we will be able to harvest from these trees nine times per month," Zhao said. "And the next harvest is in two days."



Green excitedly stood up straight, then he paced back and forth. "Nine harvests a month? If we could get three hundred thousand catty of oil from every harvest, that would mean we would eventually get two million seven hundred thousand catty. And each catty of oil is worth one copper coin, so we'll get two point seven million copper coins, which would be equal to two thousand seven hundred gold coins!"



Zhao was surprised at what Green said. He really didn't expect that the oil on the Continent would be so cheap, costing even less than a radish. It seemed like these kinds of crops weren't really cost-effective.



But Zhao didn't know about the amount of oil that the Continent consumed everyday. It was an astronomical number. Welcome to the big oil market.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 48




Chapter 48





Chapter 48 - Ambition and Crisis



Radishes made more money than oil fruits. There was no comparison. A single batch of radishes could be sold for eight thousand gold coins, but every single oil fruit that he could grow in a month would only get him two thousand seven hundred gold coins.



But even if the Markey Company was one of the largest firms on the Continent, at most they would only be able to sell about four hundred thousand catty of radishes per month. After all, radishes cost one silver per catty, and many people couldn't afford that.



As long as Zhao grew five batches of radishes per month, he could make enough for them to sell. All together, it would only take forty hours, which was less than two days.



Then what could he grow the rest of the time? The common vegetables from the Continent? Those vegetable seeds would disappear as soon as it entered the spatial farm.



So he decided to grow oil fruits. Oil was in high demand. Cooking oil was needed on the Continent. Plus, some commoners who engage in heavy physical labor would consume oil as nutrients, because they generally couldn't afford to eat meat. The amount of oil used on the Continent per day was astronomical, resulting in a sustaining oil industry. Although radishes would get a higher profit, it would still make most of the nobility jealous.



And do not forget that two thousand seven hundred gold coins per month was an alarming figure. Even a small principality wouldn't get that much in monthly tax. Gold still has a lot of purchasing power on the Continent.



A gold coin could be changed to ten silver coins. A silver coin could be changed to a hundred copper coins. And a copper coin could buy you a catty of fruit, or half a catty of oil.



Rice and oil on the Continent was inexpensive, because oil was a high yield fruit, and rice was just eaten by slaves and a few commoners.



Zhao had over a hundred people living with him, and it didn't take much to feed them. A hundred gold coins per month should be enough, leaving them with two thousand six hundred.



And if it wasn't enough, they could also sell the five batches of radishes. Even if they couldn't sell them at eight thousand gold coins, they could still try selling them at six thousand, which would result in an extra thirty thousand gold coins per month.



But Green knew, after discussing with Zhao about the characteristics of this farm, that Zhao wanted to grow things that would also help them raise fish, rabbits, and other creatures.



They could obtain radish leaves from radishes and use it to feed the blue-eyed rabbits, but eating radish leaves alone wouldn't be enough. Sometimes they would need other kinds of nutrition. Once the oil was extracted from the fruit, it becomes one of the best feeds. Not only blue-eyed rabbits, they could also use it to raise a number of other spirit beasts. The most common ones on the Continent were horses and cattle.



For example, feeding oil to the horses would make them very strong. As long as they were fed oil, generally you could yield a good horse.



In addition, this type of feed could also be fed to some water type spirit beasts. Some of these spirit beasts liked to eat this oil, so it could be used for fish farming. These were the additional benefits that oil fruits could provide.



It was because of these ideas that Green got so excited. He took a deep breath, and was suddenly laughing.



The reason why he was laughing was because he had held it in too long. Before Zhao woke up, it was Green who was forced to feel the pressure of their decline. He thought that the Buda clan would slowly die out, and it was with this in mind that he desperately bought supplies to keep them alive. Although Zhao later change





d for the better, Green was still unhappy because the Buda clan didn't have a source of stable income. It was their fatal weakness.



But after understanding this space, all of Green's concerns had vanished. Suddenly there was a shining sun sweeping away the hazy darkness in his heart.



Zhao didn't stop Green, knowing that he needed to vent because he was so happy.



After a moment, Green finally calmed down. "Master, after we go out, we can use the money from the magic radish sales to buy some things that we will need. Even if we harvest the oil fruit, we still need to buy a machine to extract the oil."



Zhao nodded. "I know, but Grandpa Green, we still have a bigger problem we need to solve. Outside, there are spirit beasts from the carrion swamp. Even if our future plans are good, we can't do anything if we hide in this space forever. We still need to go out there and develop our territory. So how are we supposed to face the attacks from all those spirit beasts?"



Green frowned. He knew that Zhao was right. Their plans might as well be empty air foam disappearing in the wind if they couldn't think of a way out of the spirit beast attacks.



But the question was how could they solve it? There was no simple solution. Although Green was confident in their skills, he understood that it was impossible to conquer the carrion swamp. There was a reason why it was one of the five forbidden areas, and that even the Continent's strongest couldn't conquer it.



Going over it a few times, Green couldn't think of a good way. He sighed and sat down at the table, his ambitions just disappearing without a trace.



Zhao also didn't have a solution about this situation. They were now too weak and small to resist against those spirit beast attacks.



Looking at Green's low mood, Zhao suggested, "Grandpa Green, we could still take a look outside, just in case." He pulled up the screen, but Zhao's eyes couldn't help but shrink, because he could clearly see that there were green dots on the three-dimensional map.



Zhao immediately stood up. Green noticed his actions as he carefully counted the green dots on the screen. There weren't that many, only about dozen, but they hadn't been there the last time he had checked.



Meirin's eyes were also firmly fixed on the screen. And Meg asked, "How come there are more of those things?"



Green spoke up. "When I came to the castle, there weren't any undead spirit beasts, but there were a few wandering around the Black Waste. Perhaps they had chased after me."



Zhao nodded, and pressed one of the green dots. The screen switched to the castle square where he saw several undead spirit beasts.



"This is nothing strange, Master," Meirin said. "Undead spirit beasts have a frenzied desire for fresh flesh. They could smell and feel the presense of living creatures. When Green came to the castle from the Black Waste, these undead would naturally follow him."



Zhao knew she was right. He switched the screen to the living room where there was another undead wandering around. This undead spirit beast was crocodile-shaped, but it was only a skeleton made of glowing green bones.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 49




Chapter 49





Chapter 49 - Undead Spirit Variation



Zhao took a serious look at this undead. He really didn't know how this thing was formed. Although there were many legends of zombies in his past life, they were still just legends. This was real.



This crocodile skeleton was blatantly crawling around the hall. It looked like a real crocodile composed entirely of bones, with a tail whipping around, leaving scars on the walls.



The thing that Zhao most noted was that the two eyes of the skeleton were just flashing green flames.



He also calculated that the crocodile was fifteen meters long and about three meters high. With its claws outstretched, it would have a width that reached five meters. If it wasn't for the fact that their castle's gate was large enough, this creature wouldn't have been able to get in because it was simply impossible for it to climb the defensive wall.



Switching the screen back to the three-dimensional map, Zhao could see the main parts of the castle. Except for the few spirit beasts in the square, there was the big crocodile, and the rat skeleton that was upstairs.



Zhao again switched the screen back to the living room and watched the crocodile skeleton. "Grandpa Green, how strong do you think this thing is?"



"This isn't a high level spirit beast. It's only a shallow water crocodile, so its fighting strength shouldn't be that strong, only around the fourth level. But now that it's an undead, it won't be afraid of death and it will not die so easily. Plus, its bones are poisonous. Even if it's not that strong, we should still be careful," Green said.



Zhao nodded. "Grandma Meirin, see if you can catch this thing and bring it into the space. I want to carefully look at it."



"That's simple. I can do that," Meirin said as she stood up and walked out of the hut.



Everyone followed her to the empty area behind the hut, then Meirin turned to Zhao. "Master, open a hole."



With a thought, a hole in space appeared. Meirin softly chanted a spell, and a blue watery light immediately flew into the hole. This band of light was like a huge rope, catching the crocodile skeleton and forcing it into the space.



Zhao looked at the creature that was twisting around on the ground. The blue light had completely shackled the crocodile skeleton. It couldn't attack with its claws, tail, and mouth because it had been tied down.



Since he had a closer look of this undead than just seeing it on the screen, he could clearly see that there wasn't a trace of flesh on the green bones, which somehow gave it a strange beauty.



Just then, the voice echoed: [Discovery of unknown object. Scanning. Scan complete. The robotic object is aggressively toxic. Extracting toxins. Strengthening the toxic compounds in the space] [The object is too manic. Does not meet space requirements. Re-implantation procedure initiated. The implantation procedure is successful] [Because the toxins might affect the humans in the space, a strong immunity is needed. Spatial water is given detoxification effects. Please consume spatial water as soon as possible]



Everyone was listening to the voice, although they couldn't understand what it said about robotic objects, or extracting toxic compounds, and a bunch of other stuff. This was the first time they had heard of such things and they simply didn't understand what it meant.



Zhao probably understood. But only probably. There were some things that he didn't quite understand as well. He only knew that the space categorized this undead as a robot, which wasn't exactly wrong.



First, it was a skeleton with no flesh and blood. It had no heart and it wasn't





breathing, so it couldn't be regarded as a living thing. Second, its actions were controlled by some kind of soul fire, which was like a robot that was controlled by a smart chip. So the space classified this undead as a robot.



All of this was a surprise to Zhao because he didn't expect that the space would have such capabilities. It knew that the toxins would have an adverse impact on everyone here, so it extracted the toxins and formulated some sort of detoxification effect on the spatial water. As long as they drank the spatial water, they didn't need to be afraid of the toxins.



The part that Zhao didn't understand was when the space mentioned the re-implantation procedure, as well as the strengthening of toxic compounds. What did that mean? Did the space have toxic compounds?



Zhao then realized that the skeleton had stopped struggling. It was just lying there very quietly. And the green fire in its eyes had become red.



Looking at the color of the soul fire, he understood what the re-implantation procedure meant.



The re-implantation procedure changed the soul fire of this undead, making it an ally. He clearly remembered that the green dot on the screen indicated an enemy, and the red dot showed that it was a friend.



But it still had to be verified, so Zhao decided to try it out. "Grandma Meirin, please release this thing. The space might have changed it into an ally."



Meirin was surprised, but before she lifted her magic, everyone surrounded Zhao. This single undead couldn't handle their group, so it was impossible for it to pose a threat.



Meirin released her magic. The crocodile skeleton ran towards Zhao, but the impression it gave wasn't scary, almost like a spoiled dog.



"Stop!" Zhao quickly said.



He was afraid for it to get too close to him since he still hasn't drank the detoxifying water. If it touched him, he would be poisoned. Also, he wanted to see if he could command this creature.



Green was nervously looking at the skeleton, ready to attack it, but his fears were redundant because once Zhao gave the order, the creature immediately stopped. Although it still looked scary, people felt that it was a little pathetic.



Zhao didn't expect that such an evil looking undead could make people feel that way.



Meirin suddenly said, "It seems to be an undead spirit variation, Master. This time we really picked up a treasure."



Zhao was puzzled. "What is an undead spirit variation, Grandma Meirin?"



"Undead spirit variations are special. As an undead, the longer it can still move around, it will become more and more powerful. Not only will they gain a spiritual attack, they will also slowly regain the abilities they had when they were alive. This shallow water crocodile had a poison attribute. Normally, when it became an undead, it would just be an ordinary crocodile skeleton, but now it has poisonous abilities. So it could now hold dual attributes of the poison attribute and the spirit attribute. That is what we see now. In fact, when we felt it change, that was a spiritual attack."



Zhao nodded, trying to understand. "So would that mean if a humanoid undead doesn't die, it will slowly regain its original skill?



Meirin nodded, her face solemn. "Yes, Master. It is said that if a mage becomes an undead, he would slowly regain the same abilities from his life. A lot of people think that as long as one is an undead, they would only have attributes of a dark nature. But they are wrong. There are undead with various attributes on the Continent."



Zhao looked at the crocodile skeleton. He really didn't think that he would actually find such a treasure. Spiritual attacks are the Continent's most dreaded attacks. It would be difficult to guard against, even for a mage. He didn't know that this thing could really attack the spirit, which was really a surprise.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 50




Chapter 50





Chapter 50 - Catch the Undead



"Master, will keeping this thing in the space be safe? It is quite toxic," Green asked.



"Never mind that, Grandpa Green," Zhao said. "Call everyone over to drink some water. Only when you drink the spatial water will you have no fear of the poison." He turned away from the hut and walked towards the spring, with the crocodile skeleton obediently following five steps behind him, like a faithful dog.



They stood next to the spring, not finding anything special about it. There seemed to be no changes.



Zhao was somewhat puzzled. Meg went into the hut to get some cups, while Blockhead and Rockhead gathered the slaves.



Meg passed around a few cups. Zhao took a sip of the water and found nothing strange about the taste. Then he walked towards the crocodile skeleton.



After taking a drink of water himself, Green pulled Zhao back. "Master, let me do it. Your body isn't strong enough. If the water doesn't work, I still have a chance to withstand the poison. You don't."



Zhao thought about it, then he nodded his head. Green stood next to the crocodile skeleton, took a deep breath, and then held out his hand. They all looked on nervously as Green put his hand on the crocodile's skull. A few people unconsciously sucked in their breaths.



Nothing!



Green tried again and forcefully patted its bones, but evidently the water really did have a detoxifying effect.



"Master, it seems like the water is really effective." Green smiled.



Zhao smiled back, then he walked beside the crocodile and touched him. The crocodile skeleton felt that it had been rewarded, like a dog being caressed by its owner, so it shook its big tail, almost hitting a slave.



Zhao laughed while he rubbed the crocodile's skull. "Stop swinging your tail. You know, big guy, you are very interesting. I think I will call you Alien."



In his past life, there was a horror movie called "Alien", and this crocodile skeleton was so strange and scary, that he simply called him that.



The big guy seemed to understand Zhao's words. It wagged its tail in joy, but this time it held back the shaking. It was like it was shaking his tail at the same time as trying not to shake it.



Zhao patted its head, then said, "I want you to go to the back of the hut, lie on your tummy and stay there." After it slowly moved behind the hut, Zhao turned to Green and asked, "Grandpa Green, do you think we should catch some more undead?"



Green thought about it. "That's a good idea. Ah, but although your space is big, can you fit so many undead?"



Zhao frowned. His space only totaled over ten mu large. He couldn't let those undead roam around here, where the rest of the slaves also stayed. But there was no where else to place the undead.



Zhao turned twice on the ground, until he remembered what the voice said. The space classified the undead as robotic objects. It wasn't a living thing. Since the space didn't consider that it was alive, wasn't it possible to put it in the barn? If that was really so, then he could bring more undead into the space. Maybe Zhao could pretend to be a Summoner.



Anyway, there was no point thinking about it if he didn't first test out the idea to see if it would be successful.



With just a thought, the crocodile skeleton behind the hut disappeared. Zhao immediately went to the front of the barn and touched the doors. The barn prompt opened, and there he could see a small icon of a crocodile's skull.



Zhao couldn't help but laugh, then he turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, rest assured, I can put thes





e undead into my barn. So we can bring them into the space."



"That's wonderful," Green said. "With these undead creatures, Master will be safer. If you were to wear a mage's robe, then you could move around the Continent and pretend to be a summoner. There's no doubt that no one on the Continent would be able to realize that it's you, because you drank the Water of Nothingness."



Zhao nodded. "That's good, Grandpa Green. Let's go grab some undead. Once we catch more, we could put them in the perimeter of the Black Waste, so that whoever comes will think that the undead spirit beasts weren't gone yet. This would be an added measure of security."



Hearing what Zhao said, Green's eyes lit up. "Master, could we take in some, you know, spirit beasts that are actually alive?"



Zhao shook his head. "Those spirit beasts aren't the same as undead ones. The space see the undead as objects. If they were alive, I couldn't put them in the barn. I can't hold those spirit beasts in the space."



Green nodded. He knew that he was being too greedy. Undead spirit beasts were good enough.



In fact, even though Zhao didn't say it, he knew that his level and his money wasn't enough to open a pasture. If he could open a ranch, then he could rein in those spirit beasts. But now he could only use the farm for farming.



Zhao then turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, first move the slaves to a safe place. When we catch the undead, I fear that they might hurt them."



"I'll tell Daisy and Ann to move them to the oil fruit field," Meirin said.



Zhao nodded, then he walked to the hut, until he suddenly noticed that there were two bottles under the hut's window.



These two bottles looked very ordinary. In his past life, people wouldn't pay attention to them. If you were to see them on the street, you would just kick them aside.



But Zhao looked determinedly at these two bottles. One of them was white, while the other was blue. And they had the words "Pesticide" and "Herbicide" written on them!



They were written with Chinese characters, so Green didn't know what they meant. Of course, Zhao knew, and that was when he finally realized what the space meant when it said that it was extracting the toxins to enhance the spatial toxic compounds.



Originally, Zhao didn't know the meaning of that sentence because he didn't remember that the space had toxic compounds. But when he saw these two bottles, he realized that this was what it was.



Yes, the spatial herbicide and pesticide were indeed toxic. In his past life, many people wouldn't eat vegetables that were grown with the help of these things because they were afraid that they might be poisoned.



Zhao picked up the bottle of pesticide. This time there was no tone chiming, but the information went directly into his head. Pesticides. Toxic compounds. Can kill Pests. Unlimited dosage. Toxic strength can be adjusted.



Zhao understood that this pesticide wasn't that different from the original. The only change was that he could now adjust the strength of the toxin.



After Zhao put down the pesticide, he picked up the herbicide, and the results were similar.



Zhao was very satisfied of how the space could be upgraded in various ways. As long it keeps leveling up, he believed that there was no expert in the world he had to be afraid of.



Everyone was looking at Zhao with puzzlement, not knowing what he was doing. "Master, what are those two bottles for?" Meirin asked.



Zhao smiled. "There is poison inside these bottles. One bottle could kill the insects that eat the crops, while the other could kill the weeds that grow on the ground."



Meirin and everyone else didn't know that these two bottles could be so useful. In the Continent, although there were a lot of alchemists, because of their important status, they generally didn't pay attention to agriculture, so they didn't design any herbicidal or insecticidal poisons. This was the first time Meirin had heard that such things existed.



Green instantly understood what the bottles could mean. "Master, can these two things be taken out of the space?"



"Yes, of course." Zhao nodded. "And the amount you can use has no limit."



"Great! With these two bottles, the future crops outside will have no pests that we'll have to worry about!"





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 51




Chapter 51





Chapter 51 - Aggro



Because the people of the Continent didn't place great importance in developing agriculture, sometimes there would be pests cutting their crop yields, leading to a lot of starvation.



However, Green also knew that the natural conditions of the Ark Continent were very good, such as with the rice tree. This tree was like a bamboo, growing more than ten meters, and would produce rice twice a year. Despite that, most of the Continent's people would still go hungry.



The rice that this tree produces is mostly eaten by slaves. This tree didn't have very high land requirements. There were many places on the Continent where it could be grown, so it wasn't easy to have a food shortage in the Continent.



But Green didn't buy the rice seeds to grow these trees.



Even though he was clear on the fact that the soil requirements weren't that high, it would be impossible to grow this tree on the mountain, because this tree has one important drawback. It was very sensitive to metal.



A test was done in which they put a hundred pound piece of iron in a rice field. The result was that within ten days, all the rice trees in that farm land died off.



It was precisely because of this that Green didn't buy any seeds for the rice tree. Even though the dwarves have pretty much mined all the iron ore, the soil on this mountain probably has higher levels of iron than other places. Growing rice was simply nonsense.



So Green chose to grow oil fruit trees instead. Their soil requirements were very low and the clan would be able to benefit from those trees for many years. Plus, they could be grown on the mountain.



But, like the rice trees, the oil fruit trees also had a fatal flaw. They were vulnerable to pests.



Compared to the rice trees, the oil fruits were really susceptible to pests. Although rice trees would on average experience a large-scale infestation every five years, the oil fruit trees would practically be affected by those pests every single year. But fortunately, they could grow almost everywhere, so they would be able to keep up the production of oil fruit.



However, this disadvantage was very deadly to the Buda clan. They needed a large amount of oil fruit trees as a major source of income. But if the trees were infested with pests, then they would be finished.



This was what Green was worried about, but now that Zhao showed him the pesticide, it felt like a heavy load had vanished from his heart.



Seeing Green so cheerful, Zhao said, "But I don't agree with the use of these two things. These two bottles are toxic. If we use them on the crops, there would be traces of toxins on them. Although it won't immediately poison the body, over many years of eating those crops, the toxins will accumulate, deteriorating your health."



Green paused for a moment, then frowned. "This is a problem. It seems that we won't be able to eat if we use that stuff."



Zhao shook his head, and decided to think about it for later. There were other problems he had to face. "Grandpa Green, let's go into my hut and see how many undead are on the screen, then find a way to catch them."



Green nodded. To be honest, Green felt that the screen was very convenient. You could see outside the space to know what the situation was. The only drawback was that the range was too small.



Several people in the hut looked at the screen. The number of green dots didn't seem to change, staying around a dozen. Zhao looked at the living room and saw that a green dot had appeared there.



Bringing up the living room view, Zhao spotted a rat skeleton spirit beast. Looking at it, he couldn't help but freeze. He then looked up at the small three-dimens





ional map on the top of the screen, and sure enough, the green dot from upstairs was gone. It seems like the rat skeleton from upstairs had gone down to the living room.



Zhao wondered what was so special about the living room.



Green was also tracking the rat skeleton on the screen. "It seems like it senses people. Strange as it may be, the undead's ability to smell living flesh is really amazing."



Hearing what Green said, Zhao understood. The smell of human flesh must have leaked out of the space hole, making the rat skeleton go into the living room.



Figuring this out, Zhao felt joy because he thought of a way to catch these undead. There was a gaming term for it: Aggro.



In his past life, Zhao didn't play much of these games, but he still understood them from reading web novels.



Zhao turned to Green. "Grandpa Green, if we just wait for the undead to come into the living room, we might not get a large amount since we'll only be catching them one at a time. Maybe we can send a person out to pull more of the undead. We'll gather a lot of them and lead them here."



Zhao knew that the undead were sensitive to the living.



"Yes, that's a good idea," Green said. "But Master, what if this causes even more undead spirit beasts to attack us? Don't you think that it's because of us being here that those undead are coming?"



Zhao thought for a moment, then his face changed. This was certainly something he was worried about, in the case that the undead felt their presence, they would over run the castle and make it even more unsafe.



Meirin shook her head. "I do not think that it's because of us. Do not forget, we have been here for almost a month. If we're the reason, then those undead should have come out from the carrion swamp the moment we came to the Black Waste."



Green and Zhao heard what Meirin said, and they couldn't help but feel relieved. But Green then frowned. "That's strange. I remember people saying that here in the Black Waste, an outbreak of undead occurs every ten or twenty years And the last time was just three or four years ago. If it isn't because of us, then why did this outbreak happen so soon? If the frequency of outbreaks is this fast, then we're in trouble."



"You can't really believe those rumors. No one really understands how the Black Waste works," was all Meirin could say.



Green nodded. "Yes, ah, I forgot that there's really nothing appealing in the Black Waste, so naturally no one actually comes here. Well, anyway we can always hide in the space if the plan doesn't work."



Green's attitude was a lot better than before. It wasn't like when he felt so desperate as if he had lost hope. In their struggle, he became very serious because it was hard to do what was best, which gave him a lot of pressure.



But now that he knew about Zhao's space, Green's attitude completely changed. He looked relaxed, because he believed that as long as Zhao had the space, the Buda clan would continue. Even if it wasn't restored to its former glory, it wouldn't be difficult to ensure the continuation of the Buda clan.



Hearing what Green said, Zhao couldn't help but chuckle. "Don't worry, Grandpa Green. If we could put some of the Continent's plants into the space, we can level up the space, which means we could make it larger. This will make it more helpful."



Green's eyes lit up. "Really? Master, is it true that the space can become bigger?"



Zhao nodded. "Of course. In fact, the space has already leveled up twice, giving us four acres. Grandma Meirin knows this since she was in the space during the second level up."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 52




Chapter 52





Chapter 52 - Right Answer



Green turned to look at Meirin, and after getting a positive response from her, he had a look of excitement. "That's great. As long as we can get through this crisis, we can then start sending the magic radishes to the Markey Company. What do you want to do now, Master?"



"Grandma Meirin, Grandpa Green, you'll go out the hole behind the hut while I monitor the undead from here. Today, we must grab as many as we can."



Green and Meirin nodded, then turned and walked out, while Zhao paid attention to the undead.



In the next five days, the slaves were practicing their reading and writing, while Zhao and the rest were catching the undead spirit beasts.



In these five days, they used Zhao's suggestion of aggro, and they managed to catch about a thousand undead. Once these undead entered the space, the green soul fire where their eyes were supposed to be turned red, and then Zhao threw them into his barn.



Also, in this five day period, thanks to his four acres of land, he was able to harvest eight batches of corn, while also harvesting a lot of oil fruit. Now that he had about a dozen batches of stored corn, Zhao thought that he should try planting something else.



But now wasn't have the time to think about that because there were spirit beasts outside. After a lapse of five days, the undead spirit beasts had almost all disappeared after getting caught and converted.



This allowed Green to feel at ease. He had some worry that it was because they were here that the undead spirit beasts came out of the carrion swamp. But now that the undead were gone, and no more were rushing out of the swamp, he was relieved by this good news.



Once the undead spirit beasts have receded, Zhao and everyone else immediately left the space. But once they were out, all of them had a frown on their faces when they saw the horrendous destruction of the castle. Although the main building didn't suffer that much damage, all the supplies had been battered and destroyed, making the castle look more ragged.



Looking at the dilapidated castle, Zhao's heart felt uncomfortable. Although the castle was plain and simple, it was still home.



The screen had allowed them to see what was happening outside, but now that they were actually here, the destruction looked more intense. Blockhead couldn't resist punching a wall until blood flowed down from his fist.



Contrary to that, Green was very calm. These past few days he had been out of the space doing the aggroing, so he was clear on the situation of the castle.



Meirin also saw the filthy state of the castle. "Well, let's gather up anything that the spirit beasts touched and get them out of the castle. I'm afraid that they could be toxic. Once we get everything out, I will use water to rinse out the castle."



Green frowned. "But now the moat water is green and it seems to be toxic. If we use that water to clean the castle, then it might just infect it instead."



Meirin also frowned, then she turned to Zhao. "Master, should we go look at the moat?"



Zhao also wanted to see it. He wanted to check if his spatial water's detoxification ability could be a solution to the moat water's poison.



Green apparently thought of this as well. "Master, do you think you can detoxify the water in the moat?"



"We'll go take a look first. Meg, you will arrange for everyone to throw out everything in the castle. Everyone has drunk the spatial water, so I don't think that they would be poisoned if they touch anything."



Meg agreed, then organized the slaves to clean up.



Accompanied by Green and Meirin, Zhao walked straight tow





ards the moat. The three looked at the moat. It was really like Green said; the moat water indeed released a queer green light. Not only did it scare them, it also made them feel puzzled. Although the water was flowing, the green color didn't dissipate.



Meirin wrinkled her brow as she looked at the moat water. "The water is flowing, but evidently it still contains a lot of toxins. I think that the problem could be from the underground lake."



Zhao nodded. "Grandma Meirin, take out a little water. I want the space to analyze it and test how strong the toxicity of the water is."



Meirin waved her hands, and a bubble of water floated up. Zhao immediately put it in his spatial farm.



The spatial voice sounded in Zhao's head. [Purification of toxic compounds in the contaminated water is possible]



Zhao could now rest assured. "Grandpa Green, Grandma Meirin, let's go to the underground lake. If we want to use the spatial water to remove the water's poison, then we better start at the source."



Meirin and Green were also relieved. To be honest, they were afraid that the spatial water would have trouble removing the poison. Although they believed that flowing water would eventually take out the poison, this would require a very long period of time, which would impact their clan's development.



Just as they were about to head to the mountain, Zhao suddenly stopped, standing motionless while staring at something.



Meirin and Green were both puzzled, so they followed where Zhao's eyes were looking. It was just an area of black soil, nothing unusual in the Black Waste. Green was confused, not knowing why Zhao was staring at it. Meirin also had some difficulty figuring out why he froze, but when she finally understood, her face suddenly went white.



That area of black soil was where Zhao first did his land improvement. Now the color of that piece of land was no different from the rest of the Black Waste.



Meirin's voice quavered. "Master, could it be?"



Zhao nodded, his face pale. If it was really the case in which that land changed back to the original black soil, then his land improvement had failed.



Green didn't understand what was wrong with the two, but looking at their faces, he knew that something bad had happened. He walked behind Zhao as they went towards that piece of land.



Once Zhao stood in front of it, he squatted down and carefully looked over the land, then he dug his hand into the ground and brought up some dirt. He breathed a long sigh of relief.



It turned out that this land didn't completely change back to its originally appearance. Maybe those undead spirit beasts had just brought the black soil over and covered this piece of land so that nothing would grow. His land improvement wasn't a failure.



Meirin also grabbed a handful of soil and carefully looked at it. She still made an ugly face.



Green looked at the two with puzzlement, not knowing why they were closely staring at the black soil. He also crouched down and grabbed some of it with his hand. He soon discovered the improvements in this soil. Startled, he excitedly faced Zhao. "Master, what is this?"



Zhao took a deep breath and explained. "It is because of my space. Using the spatial earth and water, I was able to improve the soil in this piece of land so we could grow things here. But for some reason the spirit beasts brought this black soil from elsewhere and covered up the improved land."



Before Green could say anything, Meirin spoke up. "No, Master, I don't think that this black soil was brought here from elsewhere, but rather the surface of this land has been infected by the spirit beast's toxins, turning it back into black soil. If the spirit beasts really did bring the black soil here, it would definitely not be so uniform. Look around, this entire mu of land changed color."



Zhao took a moment to carefully look over the land and found that what Meirin said was true. The black color was very uniform. This was too unreasonable. The only explanation was that the improved land wasn't covered, it was contaminated.



No one on the Continent knew why the Black Waste had become like this. But when Zhao saw the polluted water, and now looking at this piece of land, he naturally thought that it was polluted by the spirit beasts. Unfortunately, they found the right answer.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 53




Chapter 53





Chapter 53 - It may be the Truth



Zhao hit the ground. "Why must our efforts go in vain?"



Green patted Zhao's shoulder. "No, Master. Rest assured, we will find a way to resolve this matter."



Zhao's face still didn't look good. He touched the ground and said, "No, you don't understand. Such a big piece of land, I planned to slowly improve it for farming, but now it seems that this plan would never be implemented."



Zhao stood up with a look of frustration. This time the blow was really too heavy. He simply couldn't transform such a large area of land within a short amount of time. If those spirit beasts come before he completed the transformation, then all of his efforts will come to nothing. Even if he completed the transformation, and those spirit beasts appeared, that would also tantamount to him doing useless work.



Green didn't know how to comfort Zhao. Obviously, after encountering such a situation, it would be hard to make his heart feel better.



Zhao looked at the Black Waste, and sighed. He turned around and walked towards the mountain, but he didn't take two steps before he stopped, and muttered, "No, this seems right."



Just when Meirin and Green were about to follow Zhao, Green was puzzled when he stopped. "Master, what's wrong?"



Zhao pointed at the mountain. "Grandpa Green, what do you see in that mountain?"



Green looked at the mountain, and frowned. "I only see weeds. Ah, wait, how can there be weeds on the mountain when the spirit beasts make black soil with their toxins? How could the soil on the mountain be unaffected?"



Meirin also reflected over this question. She looked puzzled thinking about how the spirit beasts trampled over the weeds, but after a few days of recovery, they would just crop up again. They were really tough with a tenacious vitality.



Seeing the weeds with restored vitality, Zhao felt that something was wrong. If the Black Waste was really contaminated by the touch of those spirit beasts, then it should be impossible for anything to grow on the mountain.



Looking at the patch of black land, Zhao murmured. "No, but if it isn't because of being touched by the toxins on the spirit beasts, then what is it?"



Green and Meirin also turned to look at the black land, seeing how far it stretched to the end. Originally, Meirin felt that her answer was right, but now that she saw those mountain weeds, she knew that it was the wrong answer.



Zhao walked in a circle, trying to figure out why the land had become like this, and thoughtlessly he ended up at the edge of the moat, where he unconsciously stopped, seeing the green moat while in a daze.



Meirin and Green saw Zhao standing motionless by the moat, and were a little nervous wondering what was happening to Zhao.



Zhao then forcefully clapped his hands. "I think I got it."



"Master, what are you thinking about?" Green was surprised.



Zhao pointed to the moat. "The water is flowing, but it is still green. That is to say, the underground lake where the water comes from must have been contaminated by the spirit beasts. But why should those spirit beasts go there? There's nothing to eat there. So I think that the purpose the spirit beasts go to the lake is to most likely take a bath."



"A bath? " Green and Meirin couldn't help but say. They both gave Zhao strange looks, thinking that he was frantic.



"Master must be distraught," Meirin quickly said.



Zhao turned around and looked at Meirin. "What? Grandma Meirin doesn't believe what I said?"



"Master, those spirit beas





ts came from the carrion swamp. It's a marshy place where there's no scarcity of water. Why would they come here to take a bath?"



Zhao snapped his fingers. "This is the problem. Although the carrion swamp does have water, that water is toxic. Like you said before, the air over there is toxic, so how could the water not be toxic? They wouldn't use that water for bathing. I think that they must be looking for some clean water to bathe in."



Hearing what Zhao said, Green and Meirin had never really thought about it.



Zhao looked at the two. "The reason that this land has become black is most likely related to those spirit beasts. Those creatures came from the carrion swamp, where everything, including the air and the water, is toxic. Maybe even the poison is too much for those spirit beasts to stand. So they will most likely go to the Black Waste, here, and try to flush out the excess toxins from their bodies. This will slowly make the Black Waste reach its current state."



What Zhao said made more and more sense to Green and Meirin.



But Green frowned. "But even if we can detoxify, when the spirit beasts come out of the carrion swamp with a high frequency, wouldn't we still be in trouble?"



Hearing what Green said, Zhao's look of excitement disappeared. He remembered that even if he found out a possible truth, he still didn't find a solution yet. Zhao took a deep breath and looked at the Black Waste. "We can't keep worrying about it since it's already happened. If there is a solution, we'll think about it eventually."



That being said, he walked towards the mountain. Green and Meirin took one last look at the Black Waste with a sigh, before they followed behind Zhao. They were afraid that there could be spirit beasts lingering around the underground lake, so it would be dangerous for Zhao.



The three made it to the entrance to the mines. Before Zhao could walk in, Meirin pulled him aside. "Master, let Green have a look first."



Zhao reluctantly stopped, but soon Green's voice could be heard coming from inside. "Master, Meirin, come in. There are no spirit beasts here."



Zhao and Meirin went into the mines, and eventually made it to the underground lake where Green was standing, looking at the lake in a daze. Meirin immediately used a lighting spell, now the three could clearly see the situation of the lake.



The lake was green. It was a deeper green than the moat.



Zhao sighed. "With such a good lake, I hate it when you guys take a bath in it." With these words, he opened up a hole, and the spatial water poured into the lake.



But Zhao didn't think that the moment the spatial water entered the lake, it would induce something like a chemical reaction. From the point of contact, the detoxification effect moved with a fast speed towards the center of the lake, and then beyond where Zhao could see.



Zhao was stunned. Although they suspected that the space could solve the water's poison, wasn't this too quick? From where the water flowed out of this lake, would it also react as fast?



Zhao was still uncertain. "I don't know if the water still contains toxins, Grandma Meirin. Could you look and see?" Since Meirin was a powerful water mage, this kind of thing was within her abilities.



Meirin nodded. She reached towards the lake and whispered a spell. A group of blue light emitted from her hand, like a sky full of stars, then they disappeared into the lake.



Eventually, the blue lights were brought together in Meirin's hands, then they slowly disappeared. Meirin opened her eyes with a look of shock. "That’s amazing! All the toxins had disappeared. There's nothing left."



Zhao at once said, "Let's go back to the castle and see."



The trio immediately walked out of the mines, as soon as they were out of the entrance, they could see smoke rising from the castle. Evidently, Meg was doing her job.



Once they made it to the castle, they saw Meg was setting some of the garbage, which they threw out of the castle, on fire. After seeing that, Zhao quickly walked to the moat, and sure enough, the water was clear. All the green had completely disappeared.



But Zhao still wasn't reassured. He told Meirin to float up a water bubble, and then he brought into his space to see if it was still poisonous. The voice came, and it told him that the water has been completely cleared of toxic compounds.



After waiting until after Meg threw out all of the garbage, Meirin magically used the water to clean the castle. Once it was done, the castle was finally livable again.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 54




Chapter 54





Chapter 54 - A Seedling



Although the castle was clean again, it wasn't wet, mainly thanks to Meirin's control over water. She was an eighth level water mage, her control was perfect. The water only washed away the dirt until the castle was practically shining, and then there was nothing left but a little water vapor after she was done.



After Meirin cleaned the castle, Zhao immediately took the supplies back out from his space, along with some corn stalks for the kitchen and the slaves. After all, they needed this stuff to live. Once those things were taken out, Zhao left Meg to finish cleaning the castle, while he took Meirin to go check out the valley. He wanted to see if the valley also became the same as the rest of the Black Waste.



Green also wanted to look at the valley with Zhao. If it hadn't been contaminated, it would be considered a good source for growing food.



Meirin used her water spells to bring them over the lake and straight towards the valley. Zhao's heart was disturbed. He feared that the valley would be no different than the rest of the Black Waste.



Once they made it to the valley, Zhao was silent. It was as he expected, the land in the valley he had improved returned to its original look. But as he was looking at the valley, he discovered a problem.



There were no footprints.



There was no indication that anything had been on this land. If the spirit beasts hasn't been here, then how could the land become like this?



Zhao was puzzled. Next to him, Green sighed. "If there are no footprints, then it seems that those flying spirit beasts were here, spreading their poison."



Hearing what Green said, Zhao looked up towards the mountain and saw a few black spots here and there. It really seemed like Green was right, that it was because of the toxins from the flying spirit beasts.



Zhao felt depressed. Not only did they have to deal with spirit beasts on the ground, they also had to deal with the ones flying in the sky?



Just then, while searching the ground, Meirin suddenly shouted. "Ah, Master, come look!"



Zhao and Green didn't know what Meirin was so excited about, so they rushed over and were shocked at what she showed them.



In front of them was a seedling. A tiny corn seedling.



In front of their eyes was a small seedling, but do not forget that this land had been turned into black earth, so seeing it grow, wasn't it strange?



Looking at these seedlings, Zhao was puzzled. "How could it grow when the land has become like this?"



Meirin and Green didn't know how to answer him, they too didn't understand why. Zhao clawed at the ground around the seedling, and found that even if the surface had turned into black soil, the roots of the seedling were being nurtured by the fertile earth. The roots were very sturdy, allowing it to grow.



Looking at these seedlings, Zhao was reminded of something from his past life, when he saw corn seeds in rural areas. He was shocked to discover that those corn seeds were pink, and not the golden color that he was expecting. Thinking that it was strange, he questioned the people about it, and they laughed because, of course, corn seeds weren't actually pink. The reason that they were that color was because they were treated corn seeds.



In the north, because of the climate and the worms, it was difficult to grow corn. So they needed to treat the corn seeds with pesticides to help them sprout and survive until they grew into seedlings.



Growing in such a difficult environment reminded Zhao of this situation. Of course, he wasn't thinking of using pesticides and killing insects. He was thinking about dousing these seedlings with spatial water to help them





grow. He wanted to see if corn could grow without land improvement, because now the spatial water had detoxification abilities.



Green and Meirin were standing there motionless while looking at the seedlings. They were very surprised, thinking that they would see a catastrophe with all the planted corn being destroyed. Never did they expect that the corn seeds would survive.



Zhao patted the earth and stood up. "Grandpa Green, Grandma Meirin, after we go back and settle things, we can use the spatial water on these tiny seedlings. Since the spatial water can detoxify, maybe it can also improve the land. The success rate might be low, but if it is successful, we can do it many times in one day."



Meirin was surprised. "Master, didn't you say that you could only improve one mu of land per day?"



"Certainly, the space has specified that we couldn't do so much land improvement, but it never said anything about just using the spatial water. We'll need some more land to test, and I have a lot of corn in my barn that we could use as corn seeds. Let's try it to see whether we could do it or not."



Before Meirin could speak, Green nodded his head and said, "Master, this is a good idea, but will we run out of spatial water?"



Zhao chuckled. "That shouldn't be the case. When so many of us were living inside the space, we were drinking water every day. The amount of water everyone drank per day was certainly not a small amount, yet did you see if there was less spatial water?"



"There really wasn’t any decrease," Green recalled. "This is really great, Master. But I still think we should first go send the radishes to the Markey Company. Then we could start growing oil fruit seeds and alfafa seeds on the mountain. Once we douse it with spatial water, we can slowly change the mountain land to shorten the growth period of the oil fruit trees. Once we have a good harvest, then we can have a fixed income."



Zhao nodded. "Yes, we should do that. But I'm a bit worried that when we go deliver the radishes, what would happen to the people in the castle when we leave? If those spirit beasts attacks, they will be unable to resist."



Green laughed. "Master, what are you worrying about? We can just take everyone with us inside the space."



Zhao thought for a moment, and then smiled. He forgot about that. With his space, he could simply take everybody with him. After all, protecting everyone was the most important.



'This is a good idea." Meirin nodded. "Also, we shouldn't disguise how damaged the castle looks. The people in the Continent already knows about the disaster with the spirit beasts invading the Black Waste, so if they send someone to come see, it would be like we were playing dead. Perhaps in the future, we wouldn't need to worry about those guys."



"I fear that it may not be that easy since you've just cleaned up the castle," Green said. "If someone were to look at it, then I'm afraid that we won't be able to hide it for too long. Once we head out, we can only stay away for a short time, so the only thing we should do is sell the radishes."



Meirin gave a wry smile. She never really thought that it would be a mistake to clean too fast.



"Well, then we should go as soon as possible, and not be found out by those guys," Zhao said.



"Then Master, we should go back and start at once. There are a lot of things that have to be done."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 55




Chapter 55





Chapter 55 - Black Mage



When Zhao returned to the castle, he told Meg to make the nessecery preparation. In two days, they were going to go to the Purcell Duchy with everybody.



In fact, this preparation was very simple. They could just put everything they needed into the space. The slaves had already been in the space before, so they were ready and willing to go in when they were informed .



Two days later, everyone went into the space. However, Zhao didn't go in. He was staying outside with Green.



Green, if he was traveling by himself, could go really fast. But since Zhao was going with him this time, they would naturally move more slowly.



Fortunately, Zhao took out one of the undead from the space, and now he and Green were on their way, riding on Alien. Although Green was fast, he would still become tired, while an undead could keep on going like a perpetual motion machine.



It should be said that the Black Waste was really huge. Their speed was not slow, and they have been moving day and night, but it would take them three more days before they could see the outer perimeter of the Black Waste.



Fortunately, Alien was large enough for Zhao to simply cover its back with planks of wood to make a bed, like turning the undead into a car.



Right now they were going down a road paved with slabs of stone, and although it had become weathered, it was still flat, which showed off the dwarves superb craftsmanship. This road was used by the dwarves to move a large number of iron ore, along with a wide variety of iron products, to be sold to the whole Continent. But since all the iron ore were mined, and no more adventurers had tried to conquer the carrion swamp, no one uses this road anymore. If not for the fact that grass didn't grow here, there would simply be no road at all.



Three days later, Zhao finally saw the outer perimeter of the Black Waste. In the distance, he could see something green, which made his spirit rise.



Green was also relieved. To be honest, he would like a change of scenery. Seeing the endless black soil was a kind of a torture. Throughout their journey, he and Zhao had been talking less and less, especially in the last half day, when they didn't even say a word to each other. The two just sat there, looking at the endless black soil, like their souls had been sucked out.



Then imagine what would happen when their eyes suddenly spotted something green. Even if it was just a little bit, it had a huge impact.



Zhao shouted, like he wanted to run off. Green chuckled. "Master, this is the outer perimeter. Over there is the Purcell Duchy. If we go any further, we will be leaving the Buda clan's territory."



From what Green said, Zhao nodded and turned around to look at all that black land. The land was his, but it didn't bring him a happy mood. Seeing the endless land that couldn't be planted made it look like his ideas weren't feasible.



Slowly, they saw more and more patches of green. Zhao then spotted mountains that were bigger, and with a lot more trees, than the iron mountain near his castle. He was shocked when he saw these steep mountains, which made the iron mountain look gentle.



Green noted the look on Zhao's face, and smiled. "I guess Master didn't expect that the mountains here would be so high and steep?"



Zhao nodded, then Green continued. "In fact, this is not surprising. Even if it's not the highest place, it is definitely not the shortest. Comparatively speaking, they are higher than the one near our castle."



They then saw a valley, hundreds of meters wide, in the distance. It was the only way out of the Black Waste. As long as they go through there, they would enter the territory of the Purcell Du





chy.



Green pointed to the valley. "That place was once called the Iron Stream Valley. All the iron flows out through there. But ever since there was no more iron coming out, people slowly forgot about the name of this place, and it eventually became known as the Forgotten Valley. In the Forgotten Valley, there's a fortress called Montenegro. It was designed to prevent any massive outbreaks of spirit beasts from going through the Forgotten Valley and into the Purcell Duchy. Strange to say, those spirit beasts had never come out of the Black Waste. So the fortress slowly turned into a paradise for adventurers. They were risk takers, and although the carrion swamp was too risky, they could still hunt spirit beasts around here."



Zhao nodded. "Then how do we get past it without getting found out?"



Green smiled slightly. "Master doesn't need to worry. Later, we will go straight into the mountains of Forgotten Valley, and then I will go into Montenegro and buy some clothing for you. Since you can use these undead, you'll have to dress like a black mage."



Black mages were actually general terms for those who learned dark magic, poison magic, blood magic, and other attributes that were related to darkness. But even if this world was repulsed by black mages, it still respected power. As long as you had strength, regardless of what abilities, you will be accepted.



The black mages were people that no one wanted to provoke, probably because they might have learned that type of magic for a very dark reason, and their characters were somewhat gloomy. If you mess with them, they might not attack you on the spot, but they will definitely make you pay one day.



If you were asked who had the highest position in this world, some might answer that it was the nobles or the royalty, but it was undeniable that the status of mages was certainly not low. A powerful mage will find courtesy in any empire.



There might have no longer been a Buda clan if they didn't have a powerful mage such as Meirin.



However, even if no one wished to offend a black mage, no one wanted to welcome them. Most people did not wish to get into contact with a black mage. Green wanted to make Zhao look like a black mage as an added protection, since they would stop people from finding out Zhao's identity.



Zhao's understanding of this world was too small, so he didn't argue with Green, and just nodded his head. "You arrange it, Grandpa Green. I've rarely walked outside, so I don't know what to do. I'll listen to you."



Green nodded. What they were doing was related to the survival of the Buda clan. No one could find out their identity while they were selling the radishes, otherwise the Buda clan would be in big trouble.



The Buda clan was hated by the Aksu Empire, who would deliver a merciless blow if they found out about this transaction. It was precisely because of this that Green had to be more careful. Even if he didn't know that Adam was replaced by Zhao, he would do everything he can to not let Zhao be killed.



Since Zhao was going to rule the entire Buda clan, Green wanted him to better understand the world. Green was actually paving the way for Zhao. He knew that his Master was young, but he still hoped that he would grow up. The day that Zhao would become a person that could support the Buda clan, he will be able to feel at ease.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 56




Chapter 56





Chapter 56 - Not saying Hello



They quickly went into Forgotten Valley. Zhao didn't put away his undead yet, so as to keep up his identity as a black mage; because if they headed to the fortress, no one would bother them when they see a black mage with a summoned undead.



The sides of the valley weren't steep cliffs, but two gentle slopes, which contained shrubs and weeds, and also trees that were much stronger and more vibrant than the ones near his castle.



They didn't see anyone in Forgotten Valley, but occasionally they could hear the sound of insects, giving everything a harmonious nature.



After looking at the hills on both sides, Green turned to Zhao. "Master, once we find a good place to settle on the mountain, you will immediately go into the space, while I go into Montenegro to buy clothes and stuff."



Zhao nodded, and commanded the undead to climb the hill. Although it was just a skeleton, it still had sharp claws, so climbing a mountain wasn't strenuous. Once he was closer to the trees, he could see that they were similar to the ones on Earth. He didn't know much about trees, except for common species like poplar, willow, elm, and pine. He didn't recognize the other trees.



Green, while sitting next to Zhao, was also watching the trees. "Master, the woods are very dangerous. Not only because of spirit beasts, but there are plants that are highly toxic. So be careful."



Zhao nodded. Although he had never been in a forest before, he had read about dangerous scenarios that people had written online. Even in fiction, the forest would be depicted as a dangerous place. And since there were spirit beasts here, he had to be even more careful.



There was a lot of vegetation on the mountain. You could see a variety of trees everywhere, to the point where the light would get dim when you walked through the woods. It took them awhile, but they were finally able to find a secluded place.



They jumped off of Alien, and then Zhao and Green followed it into the space.



Inside the space, the corn were growing strong, the oil fruit trees were healthy, and Meirin was teaching the slaves to read and write.



But besides just reading and writing like last time, Zhao had brought the mined stones with him so Ann and some slaves could try to make a mill stone. Also, he had brought a lot of weeds into the space as well, to give the other slaves something to do. Moreover, the effect was surprisingly good. There were simply no problems for the slaves since they could now work, as well as rest.



Meirin saw the two come in, so she quickly greeted them and said, "Master, Green, how come you're here? Did anything happen?"



"Nothing happened," Green said. "We just finally made it to Forgotten Valley. Let the young master stay in the space for a few days, while I go out there to get some clothes from Montenegro."



Meirin understood what Green was doing. "Well, make haste. We'll be here waiting for you to return. And remember our position so you can find your way back."



Meirin was in a good mood these days. The Buda clan was about to receive an income for the first time since they were exiled. Although they haven't received the money yet, it still represented hope.



Zhao turned to Green. "Be careful, Grandpa Green. Our identity cannot be exposed, otherwise we will suffer. Remember that selling the radishes now doesn't matter; we can just wait for some other time if you run into trouble. Your safety is the most important."



A hint of a warm smile appeared on Green's face. He patted Zhao's shoulder. "Master doesn't need to worry. My bones may be old, but I can't bear to die before seeing the rev





ival of the Buda clan." He finished his words with a laugh.



Before, Green would have never acted so friendly with Zhao, because he wasn't close to Adam. Green thought that Adam was very annoying, so how could he be so friendly towards him.



But now Adam's body was filled with Zhao's soul. Zhao was an otaku, an orphan, and he was born in China, which respected the elderly. Although Green and Meirin were his servants, ever since he woke up, they have been taking care of him, which resulted in a strong bond with his beloved elders.



This change in Zhao was felt by Meirin and Green. It was because of this change that Green could be so friendly with Zhao, otherwise it would have been impossible to get along with him.



Zhao let Green pat his shoulder, just feeling the elder's love, but he didn't say anything because he was very subtle and didn't like to put on an excessive show of feelings. He simply nodded and said, "Grandpa Green, I'll send you out." With a thought, Green left the space.



Green memorized his surroundings and left a mark, then he rushed towards Montenegro.



Green looked like an old traveler, so he didn't face any scruples when he encountered some adventurers. Those ordinary adventurers didn't pay attention to the Buda clan. After all, the great nobles didn't seem to see the Buda clan as a threat, so they didn't hire out any of these risk takers to deal with such a declining clan. Plus, they also didn't want to anger Green and Meirin, who were strong characters.



The real threat to the Buda clan was none other than the Purcell clan. The previous relationship with the two clans was good, even preparing their children for marriage, but since the fall of the Buda clan, the Purcell clan never mentioned the marriage again.



Aristocratic marriages weren't about love. The Purcell clan was only interested in the marriage with the Buda clan to gain some benefits.



But now that the Buda clan was down, the Purcell clan deemed that there was no value in honoring the marriage agreement. However, they still needed to save face.



Even though the Buda clan was now weak, if the Purcell clan dissolved the marriage that was their idea in the first place, then their clan would damage their reputation among the aristocratic circles. The Purcell clan wouldn't do such an idiotic thing.



There were only two ways to get rid of the marriage agreement.



The first way was for the Buda clan to initiate the dissolution of the marriage. Everyone knows that the Purcell clan was the one to offer the marriage, but if the Buda clan was the one to give it up, then the Purcell clan could possibly save face.



The other way was even simpler. Kill Adam Buda, and let the Buda clan die. Obviously, there wouldn't be a marriage after that.



In fact, Green had thought of releasing the marriage from the Purcell clan, but at the time, Zhao hadn't woken up yet. But when the Buda clan needed help the most, the Purcell clan chose not to aid them, even though they had the power to do so. It was precisely because of this that Green felt some resentment towards the Purcell clan, so he decided not to dissolve Zhao's marriage, just because the Purcell clan didn't help them, and let them fall to this point without even greeting them with a hello.



Green understood a noble's problems with saving face, so he will not take the initiative to dissolve the marriage with the Purcell clan, even if they were to pressure his Buda clan.



Still, Green had to be very careful, because the only way out of the Black Waste was the entrance to the Purcell Duchy. Since they were a thorn to the Purcell clan, the Purcell clan would obviously pay attention to their movements, so he had to be careful.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 57




Chapter 57





Chapter 57 - Montenegro Fortress



Standing quietly at the exit of Forgotten Valley was a fortress. The fortress was made of black stone, with walls reaching an appalling height of forty meters, and a length that completely blocked the valley.



The whole fortress was like an iron wall. If you want to get past the valley, you will have to go through Montenegro.



But when you actually get closer to Montenegro Fortress, you realize that it’s not actually as mighty as you imagined. In fact, with its damaged walls, the entire fortress looked shabby, as if it had not been repaired in a long time.



This was true. The Purcell clan had built this fortress to prevent any carrion swamp spirit beasts from going through the Forgotten Valley and into the Purcell Duchy. But although the fortress has been established for hundreds of years, there have just been no activities of spirit beasts charging in from the Black Waste, which made this fortress become neglected. Although there were some troops here, they were more for protecting the peace and order of this place.



But even if Montenegro Fortress had no garrison, no one dared to underestimate the fighting strength here, because there were numerous adventurers and mercenaries.



However, with the existence of these people, the security of Montenegro Fortress became confusing. The city defense officials had to deal with adventurers, mercenaries, and even some rebellious guys that would even try to injure a child with knives. In the face of such a group of barbarians, the official defense forces were too weak.



Because of this, the defense forces of Montenegro finally evolved into several large mercenary groups and local merchants having their own site, and deciding not to infringe on each other, which resulted in a peaceful coexistence.



Of course, in this case, the Purcell Duchy can't even think of receiving any taxes, and because of this non-collection of taxes, the Duchy doesn't give them any money to repair the walls, so slowly Montenegro became a paradise for mercenaries, adventurers, and even fugitives.



This was also a side effect from the situation in the Black Waste. Since that wasteland was a place of death, Montenegro Fortress became one of the safest towns from outside forces, because it was surrounded by mountains and no enemies. Such a place should have been an important border town, but because there was no trade and the Purcell Duchy couldn't collect taxes, this place was forgotten.



For Green, Montenegro was an undefended fortress.



Of course, he wouldn't just go swaggering into the main entrance, but he could easily sneak over the walls.



Montenegro had a very abnormal commercial development. Weapon stores, drug stores, and equipment consultations were everywhere, but pubs, hotels, restaurants, and a place to buy consumer goods were difficult to find. The whole fortress was full of adventurers and mercenaries, so the number of ordinary people was very small.



This wasn't a concern for Green. He found a remote equipment store and bought five black magic robes, along with a hat and a wooden staff. He also bought for himself a very beautiful suit of armor. Although it wasn't as good as most decent armors, it still had the most important part he needed: a helmet that could hide Green's entire face.



Naturally, the magic robes were for Zhao. With these robes and staff, Zhao could dress up as a black mage. After all, it wasn't odd for black mages to wear something that wrapped up their whole body.



You should know that magic robes have been improved over many generations in this Continent. They were particularly more comfortable to wear, but also more beautiful, especially the ones worn by female mages, to the point that the gorgeous robes l





ooked like a dress. Compared to the ones generally worn by mages, Green bought a black mage robe that was very thick, along with a large hat that could entirely block someone's face.



As for Green's set of armor that would cover his face, he wanted to dress as a follower of a mage. Mages were high status people, and under normal circumstances they wouldn't be short on money. Although mages weren't afraid of melee combat, they would still have followers with them, and make those followers fight and help them in battle.



Therefore, on the Continent, if you see a mage around, it wasn't strange to see them with a bunch of followers.



This time, Green was going to dress up as a warrior that was following a mage, which was the only way to stand by Zhao's side without being suspected.



After buying these things, Green then bought some mercenary items, including a backpack.



Backpacks were the standard equipment for mercenaries and adventurers. Because they would often go out into the field, they would prepare a lot of stuff that corresponded to their different tasks, such as food, gathering loot, finding a place to make camp, and a lot of other things. This was how a mercenary backpack came into being.



Green mainly bought these things to not let people discover the secret of Zhao's space. He wasn't worried about passing through Montenegro, since this was a place where people simply didn't care about anything other than themselves, and the Purcell clan didn't flaunt their power here. However, getting into other places might not be as smooth. With the exception of Montenegro, the Purcell clan had very good control of their territory.



Green would like to buy more things, but he didn't have the money on hand. Although he got the orders for the radishes, do not forget that he hasn't actually sold them yet. So he could only buy some essentials.



Without wearing the shiny silver armor that blatantly hid his face, Green looked like an ordinary adventurer, which made him blend in perfectly. There were hundreds of those risk takers here, so no one paid attention to him. Still, he had to be careful to not be observed when walking into the mountains. He walked in a roundabout way until he was sure that no one was following him, then he went to the place where he made the mark. Suddenly, the space hole appeared. After Green stepped into the space, the hole disappeared. Everything was quiet.



Zhao had been paying attention to what was happening outside the space. Do not forget that he could see in a range up to one hundred meters, so he was able to find Green when he returned.



Seeing Green holding a big backpack, Zhao froze for a moment, because this backpack looked a lot like those mountaineering bags back on Earth. Even though it wasn't made of the same materials, the quality wasn't as fine, and there were no zippers, it still looked like a mountaineering bag.



Zhao was puzzled as he pointed at the backpack. "Grandpa Green, why did you buy this thing?"



Green smiled. "Well, we don't actually need it, but this thing could mask the presence of the space as we're traveling around."



Zhao immediately understood what Green meant, and nodded his head. "Yes, I didn't think of that."



Green then took out a magic staff and handed it to Zhao. "This is something for a mage. I chose this one because of how light it is, so Master doesn't need a lot of strength to wield it. And in this backpack are the robes that Master should put on."



Zhao held the staff and the backpack. He didn't know what kind of wood this staff was made of, but it was as light as bamboo. However, he didn't continue to study the magic staff as he took the backpack into the hut.



In the beginning, Zhao had been wearing aristocratic clothes that had been prepared for him, but although they were beautiful, they were still very inconvenient. For example, the lower half was like the Western medieval tights back on Earth, which really affected his range of movements. Meirin knew this, so she hadn't objected when Zhao started wearing the clothes of a warrior, much like Green's. Naturally, they were very loose and convenient, and easy to move around in.



Now it was time to put on the black robe.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 58




Chapter 58





Chapter 58 - Sly Smile



Zhao silently looked at the black robe in his hands. He didn't know what it was made of, but it was very thick, with good craftsmanship. However, what he most noted was that the style of the robe looked like something a villain from a TV show would wear.



As for the hat that he was carrying, it was a big hat. The most important thing about it was that it would cover his face so people couldn't see the his appearance.



All of this was perfect for disguising himself as a black mage.



Zhao wore the robe over his warrior clothes. The black robe was very large and thick, not to mention he didn't feel cold after wearing it, and the cloth of the robe was quite soft, so it was comfortable to wear. He couldn't help but nod with satisfaction. Once he put on his hat, he then picked up his magic staff and walked out of the hut.



When Green saw Zhao coming out of the door, he discovered that the robe really suited Zhao. Wearing it really did make Zhao look like a black mage. That was because Zhao had a peculiar temperament that made him seem out of tune with the world. If you didn't pay attention to him, you wouldn't feel his presence, as if he was an invisible man.



In fact, Zhao's temperament was simply because he was an otaku from his past life. Otakus generally were less likely to communicate with other people and naturally they were very good at hiding their presence. They would always put themselves in a place where people didn't pay attention so that no one would notice them. And then they would sit there, watching the world.



In his past life, Zhao had such an experience. One time, he went out with his work friends. They went out to dinner and then to a hotel, but it was only when they went up to their rooms that everyone finally noticed him. "You were invited?" they all asked, surprised.



Being asked that by his friends, Zhao didn't know what to do, because even though he had accompanied them, they completely forgot about him. It was like being a pebble on the road.



It was precisely because of this temperament that made the black robe look appropriate on Zhao. It seemed like he was out of tune with the world, so you could easily ignore his presence, which was right for a black mage.



Everyone was looking at Zhao, while Green couldn't help but be surprised as he picked up the hat. "How very strange," Green said.



Zhao took the hat back from Green, and then wore it again. His body temperament suddenly changed, as if he was about to disappear.



This change, if you didn't personally see it, you wouldn't believe it. But everyone was happy about this. If Zhao wore the robe, he would look like a black mage. If he took it off, no one would think that he and the black mage were one and the same person. This was very convenient in hiding Zhao's identity.



Green shook his head. "I never would have thought that such clothes would be so suitable for the young master. Meg will also dress up too. She will follow you as a maid. If you go out, she can protect you, and no one would suspect anything when a maid follows a black mage."



Zhao looked at Meg. To be honest, although he wanted to see that side of her, his heart felt uncomfortable so he was a little afraid to face Meg.



Green then added, "Originally, I wanted Blockhead and Rockhead to follow you, but if those two fools worked together, then they would probably stand out too much and arouse suspicion."



Zhao didn't really think so. But since Green didn't want Blockhead and Rockhead to follow them outside, he had to give up.



Just then, Meg suddenly spoke up. "Master, do you not want me to go with you?"



Zhao was surprise





d as he turned around to look at Meg. He found that her eyes looked tearful, delicate, and charming to the point that would make people speechless. "No, that's not it," Zhao quickly said. "You can follow me." He then turned around again, afraid to look at Meg. When he turned his head back, he saw that she had a sly smile on her face.



Meg discovered that Zhao seemed to be a little afraid of her. Under normal circumstances, she would have not gone along with him, but now she wanted to see if Zhao cared about her. Turns out that he did care.



Men thought that girls would never understand if a guy cares about her or not, but just one look told her that Zhao did. Meg couldn't help but laugh when Zhao seemed to be afraid of her. Now she felt like teasing Zhao. But since Green and Meirin were standing next to her, she wouldn't.



Green couldn't help but stare at Meg, who lowered her head and then turned and ran off. "I have to go pack up some things," she said.



Meirin and Green didn't object when they realized that Meg was interested in Zhao. If it was in the past, they wouldn't have let Zhao get close to Meg, but now they didn't oppose it.



Green then turned to Zhao. "Master, you had better put up the screen so that Meirin could keep an eye outside, so that Meirin could be on alert for us, even if we were resting. If I were to leave, and if Meg wasn't at your side, you could always ask Meirin to help you."



Zhao thought there was no need for that, but he agreed nonetheless. However, he felt uncomfortable about it. If he allowed Meirin to use the screen, she would have to watch them twenty four hours a day, and he really felt bad about that. However, he still did it. Since they were outside the Black Waste, they needed the extra insurance.



Even though he had Adam's memories, from birth to now, Adam has never left the capital of the Aksu Empire, so he didn't know much about the outside world. In this case, Zhao didn't know anything about the situation out there, so he had to do things according to Green's advice.



Later, he put the screen up for Meirin. Meg was also finished packing, holding a bag while dressed as a maid. It must be said that Meg looked really beautiful in a maid outfit. She looked so gentle that people couldn't help but feel a desire to protect her.



After trying not to stare at Meg, Zhao turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, if there's anything you need, you can just knock on the screen. I'll be listening."



Meirin nodded. "Master, you can rest assured. But you also have to be careful."



Zhao also nodded his head. Then with a thought, Zhao, Green, and Meg appeared in the woods.



Green took a look around, and then he said to Zhao, "Master, call out your undead. Then we will head off to Montenegro Fortress." Green smiled. "If it was any other city, when we have a summoned undead, people would think that we were attacking the city. But here is Montenegro. There's no reason to attack it. If we get past the city while sitting on an undead, it would reduce a lot of trouble because no one would bother us."



Zhao was puzzled. "But I'm wearing the robe of a black mage. Isn't that enough to stop them from bothering us?"



"That place isn't the same as other cities. It doesn't have that many mages, so many people would try to impersonate a black mage. Everyone in the Continent knows that black mages aren't to be trifled with. So often times someone would pose as a black mage to commit a robbery and extort things off of adventurers. If we don't take out an undead, people may not think that you're really a black mage."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 59




Chapter 59





Chapter 59 - Mercenaries and Adventurers



Zhao really didn't know there were people in this world that would impersonate black mages. He didn't think that someone in Montenegro would dare to pose as one. It was a strange place.



Green apparently saw Zhao's puzzled look, and he smiled. "There's nothing to be surprised about. Those audacious mercenaries and adventurers in this paradise have nothing that they wouldn't dare to do."



Zhao nodded. "Well, I'll listen to you. Let's go," he said as he summoned his undead.



Green put on the shiny body armor, even though he didn't actually need it for protection. As powerful a warrior as Green was, if he was someone that needed to rely on something to protect his own safety, he would have already lost the battle.



Meg, in her maid outfit, sat quietly on Alien, next to Zhao. She had seen Zhao sit on Alien before, but she had never personally got on herself, so she was curious about what it was like. She soon discovered that sitting on the undead was not very comfortable. Although there were planks covered with blankets to sit on, it still felt hard and there wasn't that much room.



Even though the undead reached a staggering ten meters long, most of it was from its tail, which measured about five meters, half the size of its entire body. Plus with a two meter long head, the main part of its body was a mere three meters. Green wasn't sitting with the two because he was on Alien's skull, and although the skull was a small area, with his skill, Green could stand or sit and even sleep with no problems. Alien naturally couldn't feel anything, so it didn't mind that someone was riding on its head.



The three slowly left the woods and were back in Forgotten Valley. They still didn't see any people yet, but Zhao didn't care as he directed the undead to walk straight towards Montenegro.



It wasn't very far, only taking about half an hour before they saw the distant walls and people by the gates. Zhao commanded the undead to keep going because of what Green told him. If they sat on Alien as they entered Montenegro Fortress, no one would dare to offend them. No one in this Continent wanted to mess with black mages.



While sitting on the undead's back, they swaggered towards Montenegro Fortress, and within five minutes, they ran into a group of mercenaries that was made up of five people. Each person, while carrying a backpack, was surprised as they looked with uncertainty at Zhao. When they saw the huge undead, they immediately stepped aside to the side of the road. It was as Green said. These people wouldn't dare to touch a black mage, especially one that could summon such a powerful undead.



It seemed like Zhao's head didn't move, but his eyes were looking over the mercenaries. They were wearing simple leather armor, each armed with weapons, and carrying a backpack. The guy in front was carrying a bow, a knife on his waist, and he had a body that was very thin, with long hands and feet. He seemed like a very agile guy. The second guy was holding a double-edged axe, and with a single glance you could tell that its weight wasn't light. Underneath his relatively thick leather armor, he looked like a powerful warrior with dark skin wrapping around iron-like muscles.



The third guy was dressed like an orthodox adventurer. He wore a leather helmet and thick boots along with his armor, while a cloak swayed from behind him. Plus he was carrying a large sword. The two people following behind that guy seemed to be brothers, who looked alike, but were not twins. They were very fat. One of them was stuffing his mouth with chicken feet, like he hasn't eaten in the past few days.



Although Zhao was watching them, with the large hat hidin





g his face, it looked like his head didn't move. Those five people thought that Zhao's eyes were focused straight towards the front, so they didn't notice him looking at them.



There were often people who posed as black mages in Montenegro Fortress, but to see such an undead, nobody suspected that Zhao was a fake. It would be impossible for a fake black mage to summon an undead spirit beast.



Soon Alien left those five people behind, and Zhao turned his eyes back towards the front. To be honest, this was the first time he saw actual mercenaries, so he was very curious. But even if Zhao got a first impression from those five individuals' characteristics, he still couldn't tell how strong they were.



Just then, Green spoke up. "Master, those five people coming out of Montenegro Fortress is part of a famous mercenary group called Kui Snake. The strength of those five are good, with the axe guy and sword guy already at the peak of a sixth level warrior."



Zhao was surprised. He thought that those people were so powerful. Peak of a sixth level warrior? So they were stronger than Blockhead and Rockhead? It seems like there were a lot of experts in this world.



Along the way, the three encountered a lot of adventurers and mercenaries. Some were dressed in leather armor similar to those previous five, while others were more mixed. Some of the adventurers didn't even wear leather armor, and instead just wore plain warrior clothes. A few didn't even have backpacks.



After these mercenaries and adventurers saw Zhao, they invariably got out of the way. Even if their strength was good, they weren't willing to get into a conflict with a black mage.



While sitting on an undead, under the eyes of everybody, Zhao swaggered into Montenegro Fortress. Even the guards that were standing in front of the gates did not dare to intercept them. Although they were supposed to guard the fortress, they weren't that big of a force, so naturally they wouldn't dare to touch a black mage.



According to Green's directions, the three stopped in front of a luxurious hotel. Zhao looked up at the hotel and found a sign that had a Bana symbol.



The three got off the undead. Green picked up the backpack, while Meg picked up her own bags. Zhao had nothing to hold but a magic staff, which he waved around and returned the undead back into his space.



The stewards of the hotel looked outside at the black mage. They didn't want to go out and meet him, but they were also afraid of angering the mage, so one unlucky guy had to bite the bullet and go out. He had a smile on his face as he greeted Zhao. "Welcome, distinguish mage. I'm sure you must have taken a long journey to Montenegro Fortress. In our upscale hotel, we can provide you with hot water twenty four hours a day so you can wash away your fatigue."



Zhao didn't say anything. He just gave a wave, and Green immediately stood in front of the steward. "Two of your best rooms. Have hot water ready, and bring a good meal to our rooms."



They were then escorted into the hotel. It was good that he and Green had discussed it beforehand, for Zhao to not speak as much as possible and to make it look like he was ordering Green do all the talking. Not only would this make Zhao seem mystical, but it would also prevent people from finding out Zhao's age from his voice.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 60




Chapter 60





Chapter 60 - Fat Boss



In the Continent, under normal circumstances, the strength of a mage was directly proportional to their age. It was different for a warrior. All a young warrior needed to do was to toughen their bones and grow in strength with training under the guidance of adults.



Martial arts practice was not easy. The training had high strength requirements. But to become a mage was a lot more difficult. As children, they will be sent to designated locations to check if they have the talent for magic. If there was any, they would focus on training as a mage. If not, they would go back home to try to become a warrior.



The age requirement to become a mage was very strict. If you were younger than twelve years old, then you couldn't practice magic. After so many years of research, the people in the Continent discovered that if a person was twelve and under, then they didn't have the mental strength to learn magic. It was because one so young would have unstable spiritual power, which might cause them to become brain dead or result in death if they tried to practice magic.



It was precisely because of this reason that the age of a powerful mage would often times not be young. Meg, who had already become a sixth level mage, could definitely be considered a genius.



Very few people in the Continent knew about Meg's strength, which was strictly confidential. Even only a few of the Buda clan knew about it. That was because Meg was strong for her age. If word got out, it would only result in two things. They would either try to control Meg, or try to kill her. These two results were something the Buda clan didn't want to see.



Mages tended to live a lot longer than warriors. A warrior, even an eighth level one, generally could live up to two hundred years. But an eighth level mage can reach two hundred and fifty years of age. Because of this, advanced mages were very important to the Continent. They could protect the Continent for at least a hundred years or so.



On Earth, a king of a feudal country, even if it was a long lived one, could only rule the country for a couple of years. But it wasn't the same here in the Ark Continent. On average, the king of an empire would rule for a hundred years or so. A short lived king would be someone who only ruled for a few decades. And it was for this reason that, even after so many years, the Continent's development wasn't very fast. They didn't invent new machines and technology, and just stayed as a society that used slaves.



It was precisely because of this that Green wouldn't let Zhao speak, especially to a person that would scrutinize other people. As long as he heard someone speak, he could tell their age.



The steward led Zhao into the hotel, which was very well decorated. Beyond the door was a hallway about forty feet long, and from the top hung magic lamps. Even though it was still day, the magic lamps were lit. Facing the entrance was a large bar where two beautiful waitresses and a fat man were standing respectfully. This man was wearing nice silk clothes and on his chest was pinned with a badge that had the Bana symbol. He seemed to be the boss of this hotel.



When the boss saw Zhao come in, he immediately moved towards him and stopped three steps in front of Zhao, then greeted him with a bow. "Welcome, sir mage. You have brought honor to our hotel with your presence. Please stay here and rest, and we will immediately bring you some tea."



Zhao didn't say anything. He turned and walked to the side, then sat down on the sofa that was specifically placed there as a temporary place to rest. The moment he sat down, a waitress came over with a pot of tea and a cup, which she placed down on the coffee table in front of Zhao. He helped himself to it, then gently waved for Me





g to stand beside him. With his black robe, the fact that he hadn't spoken, and just made small movements to command Green and Meg, Zhao seemed very impressive.



The boss of this hotel had been paying attention to Zhao. Feeling Zhao's peculiar temperament, his eyes couldn't help but shrink, but the smile on his face didn't change as he soon stood in front of Zhao, and bowed. "Dear Mr. Mage, your room has been arranged on the third floor. Please come with me."



Zhao nodded and stood up. He went along with the boss to the third floor, which wasn't the same as the first or second floors. The third floor had no halls, since there wasn't a need for one when there were so few rooms.



The fat boss led them to room 601 and personally opened the door. Zhao and his group went inside, while the boss stood outside the door. "Dear Mr. Mage, if you need anything, all you have to do is ring this bell to summon someone. Your food will be here shortly. This room has five bedrooms, enough for you and your followers to live in. If it's not to your liking, then I can arrange another room for you."



Zhao said nothing as he looked around the room, but Green understood what he meant, so he immediately turned to the fat boss. "We are very satisfied with this arrangement."



Fat boss immediately bowed. "It is an honor to serve such a great mage. Now please allow me to take my leave." He respectfully closed the door, then left.



With the fat boss gone, Zhao let out a breath and took off his hat. "I didn't expect that these clothes would work so well. That boss was really respectful."



Green also took off his helmet. "Master, you're too naive. That boss just did it out of habit. He's a professional. You may not know this, but this hotel is owned by the Markey clan. That fat boss is one of the Markey's intelligence agents. I believe that before long, the Markey clan will know about us."



Zhao was surprised. "This place is owned by the Markey clan? Grandpa Green, why are we staying here?"



Green smiled slightly. "Sometimes, Master, being low key is not a good thing. Since you can summon an undead, you can actually impersonate a black mage, so they would think we're suspicious if we're not blatantly swaggering around. Plus, this would make everyone doubt that we're from the Buda clan, because no one thinks that we would have the courage to do this."



"I really didn't think that we would actually inform the Markey clan about us in such a place. Grandpa Green, how did you know that this hotel was owned by the Markey clan?"



"It's not a secret. Outside the hotel is a sign that has a Bana symbol, which is the badge of the Markey clan. With the strength of their clan, no one in the Continent would come here to make trouble. We do not need to worry about anyone when we stay here," Green said. "Plus there are a lot of spirit beasts in the mountains. So you could find a lot of useful things here and get them at a very cheap price, so why wouldn't the Markey open a business here?"



Zhao nodded. He had learned from that miscellaneous book that a lot of things on the Continent were made out of materials that came from spirit beasts. Along with their powerful bodies, a lot of spirit beasts had magical properties, which were very useful for alchemists and pharmacists to refine. Those mercenaries and adventurers rely on hunting those spirit beasts to make a living.



However, Zhao was still somewhat puzzled, because from looking at the miscellaneous book, he knew that there weren't any adventurer guild organizations, which you would often see in web novels. "Grandpa Green, where can the adventurers get a task? Or is hunting spirit beasts all they do?"



"Of course not," Green said. "In fact, adventurers can receive a task from equipment shops, hotels, and pubs, which gets them from the big cities. Even if the task is not suitable, they could just go somewhere else to look for one. For example, whenever the Markey Company needed something, they could just share the task with their branches throughout the entire Continent, like the one here in Montenegro Fortress. If they administer any tasks, it would be simple to send a message and get it to an adventurer by tomorrow."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 61




Chapter 61





Chapter 61 - Strange Combination



Was it simple? In fact, it wasn't that simple. How could it be so simple to pass messages so quickly throughout the Continent? Do not forget, here in the Ark Continent, they didn't go through an Information Age. There were no mobiles phones or Internet like back on Earth.



However, the Markey Company could do this, proving their strength in the Ark Continent. Even an entire Empire wouldn't be willing to provoke them.



Quietly listening to Green, Zhao found that he had really underestimated this world. Although it wasn't technologically advanced, they have developed in a unique way. His understanding of this world was too shallow.



Green smiled. "Master, no matter where you go, a black mage will be noticed. Especially when we appeared in Montenegro Fortress from the mountains. Of course, they would pay attention to something like that."



Zhao nodded. "Then we leave tomorrow?"



"Yes, we will leave tomorrow, Master. To be honest, if you want to stay a few nights here, then I'm afraid that we really can't afford it."



Zhao couldn't help but smile. Money was really a problem. What would an outsider think about when they saw them. It should look like they were spending a big windfall, but all they had was a broken territory, along with a hundred people to feed, and not to mention the occasional attacks from the spirit beasts. Even though they had a cheat, they were still so poor that they couldn't afford to stay long at a hotel.



Green, thinking that Zhao would feel sad about the current situation, hastened to comfort him. "Master, when we sell the radishes, we'll make money. You don't need to be sad."



Zhao didn't explain to Green why he had smiled. "I'm fine. Later, when we leave this hotel, we should find a place outside the city, and then go rest in the space."



Green nodded. "Yes, but we still need to stay here today to get the Markey clan's attention."



Zhao nodded too as he looked around the suit. It really wasn't a small lodging, with a living room, five bedrooms, and a bathroom, it was very comfortable.



Just then, there was a knock at the door. Green quickly stood up and opened it. A waiter was outside, and in his hands was a large tray. There was some bread and three plates of delicious dishes.



Green took the plates, then gave the waiter a tip and sent him away. Little did he know of what happened after he closed the door; the waiter went downstairs and immediately went to a very secluded room, then knocked on the door. The fat boss's voice from inside, "Come in."



The waiter pushed open the door and went in. It was a bedroom with very simple furnishings, just a bed with a small table and a chair. The fat boss was sitting in the chair, holding a pen, ready to write.



Even though he heard the sound at the door, he didn't look up. "What did you find?"



The waiter stood respectfully. "It may be simple to find out their identities. They are likely from noble birth, but life shouldn't be too good for them right now. I just sent them some ordinary food, but they didn't say anything about it. And naturally they gave me a tip, although it wasn't very much."



The waiter had deliberately sent some food that wasn't of the best quality, just to try to find out the identity of Zhao. Based on their reactions, he tried to determine Zhao's status.



In the Continent, only the nobility would tip a waiter. Under normal circumstances, even businessmen wouldn't give waiters a tip, so from that point he judged that Zhao may be of nobility. The aristocratic requirements for food and drink we





re very high, but Zhao didn't make any demands. Plus, they only tipped a few copper coins. The waiter believed that Zhao didn't live very well.



But despite knowing all of this, the fat boss really had no way to determine their identity.



Finally, the fat boss wrote everything down, and then he opened up a secret door that led to a secret room behind his bedroom. In the secret room was a row of cages, with each cage holding a bird-like spirit beast? This spirit beast was called a wind falcon. It was a fast flying spirit beast, and after some training, it was usually used as a messenger.



The fat boss first fed the wind falcon some meat, then he carefully rolled up the written information into a small bamboo and attached it the falcon's claws. Then he sent out the falcon to fly.



The Markey clan was so big that they naturally wouldn't care about every little thing of note, but the appearance of this black mage was too sudden, so the fat boss had to message them about it.



For people, a black mage represented danger, darkness, and other negative words. As long as there was a black mage somewhere, they would be noted down without trying to offend them. That was why the fat boss was paying attention to Zhao. Though he was doing these things earlier than Green expected. But when Zhao posed as a black mage, this effect was what they wanted. With such a high profile act, naturally, no one would think that they were the Buda clan, so this will make them more secure.



After eating the meal, Zhao and everyone rested. They didn't go wandering around Montenegro Fortress. It must be noted, that Zhao was a black mage, and a black mage couldn't just go aroundshopping, especially since they were trying to avoid trouble.



Fortunately, Zhao was an otaku who didn't like to go shoppingsince it gave him a feeling of discomfort. Plus, he was tired and it felt good to rest in such a nice place.



The day passed very calmly, but everyone knew that there was a black mage around.



The next morning, they left Montenegro Fortress. Zhao was sitting on Alien, which left those adventurers feeling very envious. From Montenegro, there were three roads. The left one led to a grain producing area of the Purcell Duchy. The terrain there was very flat, suitable for growing wheat, with a large number of slaves working there.



The road on the right led to a forest, which was the main source of wood for the Purcell Duchy. Under normal circumstances, very few people travel on these two routes, because there was no business to be made there. However, the middle road led to the Purcell Duchy's capital city, known as the Pearl of the North, of the Aksu Empire. It was called Casa city.



They certainly wouldn't go to some grain or wood producing area. Since they were going to sell radishes, they would naturally head to Casa city, which was busy with business.



The next few days, they were on their way. It wasn't like their three day travel through the Black Waste, where they didn't see a single person. Now that they were in the Purcell Duchy, they saw a lot of people as they passed through forests and farmland. But because Zhao's undead looked so mighty, the moment people saw it, they would try to hide. Zhao felt very satisfied. After all, he could finally see some people so it wasn't a boring journey.



Consider this, a huge skeleton with a warrior sitting on its head, and all its body was a black mage, with a sweet beauty sitting next to him. This combination was very strange.



Also, whenever they pass by a small town or city, they always find a place outside the city and then go into the space, which made their movements seem uncertain and hard to track. Just another thing that was mysterious about them.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 62




Chapter 62





Chapter 62 - Strange Village





-This is a Sponsored Chapter. Thank you to everyone who supported me!





Not only the Markey clan, but lots of clans had established places to gather intelligence throughout the Continent. Big clans would set up an intelligence network in Montenegro Fortress, not to check out military affairs, since not many military events occur here. They established it only for one main purpose: talent!



The aristocracy in the Ark Continent, after thousands of years, naturally was very aware of the importance of talent. For a noble, a powerful warrior would be a great help to them, so those major clans would send intelligence agents to Montenegro where mercenaries and adventurers were concentrated. They had to find potential warriors that could become the strengths of those clans.



It was precisely because of this that, when Zhao appeared in Montenegro Fortress, a lot of large clans had received messages regarding their arrival.



But those people that were tracking Zhao had miscalculated. They did not consider that Zhao would stay out of the towns that he passed, and that he would go into his space and rest at night, so there is no way for those people who were trying to track him find his whereabouts.



With such a performance from Zhao, the people were surer that he was a black mage.



Zhao was not aware of the people that were following him. He was just going at his own pace, his speed not being too fast. Going to Casa City from Montenegro, even with a horse, would take seven days, and Zhao was riding on his undead with a similar speed.



Right now it has only been three days, and in this period of time they have ran into two towns and numerous small villages, which showed that the Purcell Duchy was indeed prosperous.



On the morning of the fourth day, they were going along like usual. It was not the rainy season yet, so going through the dirt road was very smooth. But Zhao felt that something was a little off, but he didn't know what it was.



Seeing Zhao looking puzzled, Meg spoke up, "Ah, Master, it's strange. We've been going for more than two hours, but he still hasn’t seen anyone. At this time of day, there should be a lot of people."



It was as Meg said. Zhao finally realized that after two hours, they haven't met a single person today. No wonder he felt weird, like something was lacking.



"Stop," Zhao said as he felt that something was wrong. The undead immediately stopped. Zhao got up and leaned on its ribs to speak to Green. "Grandpa Green, what has happened? Why didn't we meet any people, after so long?"



"I've noticed, Master. But don't worry, we will move forward. I want to see what happened. It's not a big deal anyway, since Master can just go into the space to hide so nobody can find you."



Zhao didn't think that Green had already noticed that something was amiss. Even if it's a little irresponsible, going forward to find out what happened was a valid reason. There was nothing they could do but to keep moving.



Thinking of this, Zhao nodded. "Well, let's go."



Alien immediately started moving at the same pace as before, it really was moving at a leisurely pace. But Zhao and Meg were tense. They didn't have much experience in these situations. Unlike Green who was calm, they restlessly looked around at the surrounding woods, as if at any time a spirit beast would burst out.



To Zhao's surprise, they walked through the whole morning without encountering a single person.



Passing through a village, they carefully looked around, but no one was there. And to Zhao's surprise, there no signs of being attacked, like all the vill





agers had simply got out of bed and left. They didn't hear any chickens or even the sound of a dog. Complete silence.



Zhao couldn't help but feel a chill going down his back. This village was too strange.



Green carefully looked through the village for a long time, yet he didn't find anything. His face was gloomy as he turned to Zhao. "Call out Meirin. She might be able to find something."



Zhao immediately called out Meirin from the space. Meirin had been paying attention to the situation outside. Naturally, she knew what was happening, so after she came out, she didn't ask anything and just carefully looked around. She closed her eyes and softly chanted a spell.



A mass of blue light left her body. With the same radiance as the sun, the light flashed for a full five minutes before slowly disappearing.



Meirin slowly opened her eyes. "Master, black magic was used to make some kind of temptation spell. Every living thing in this village was lured away."



Zhao was shocked. "Black magic? You mean there was an actual black mage here?"



Meirin nodded. "Some time has passed, so the magical energy has almost disappeared, but I can be sure that someone was here using black magic."



Zhao's and Green's face fell. They were sure that the reason why they didn't encounter anybody today was related to this thing. They must fix this or they will be implicated. Let’s not forget that, Zhao's identity was a black mage. But there was an actual black mage using black magic. They couldn't hide from this situation. Just like how Meirin discovered the black magic, other mages would be able to do it too. When news of all the missing people spread out, Zhao might fall under suspicion.



Green and Zhao were worried about this black mage. With a temptation spell to lure so many people away, that mage would certainly have nothing good planned, which would bring Zhao no small amount of trouble.



Meirin apparently thought of this too. "Master, you should stop dressing up as a black mage, otherwise it would bring you trouble."



Zhao shook his head. "If I pretend to be someone else, it may make it easier for people to discover our identity, which would make the situation more dangerous. Grandma Meirin, can you sense which direction that black mage brought all those people? Let's see if we can solve this annoying problem. If we can solve it, then that's good. Even if it's not resolved, we still can't let the Purcell clan suspect us."



Such a big thing, it would be impossible for the Purcell clan to not find out about it. But if Zhao was able to find the real killer and handed the guy over to the Purcell clan, naturally they would not be suspicious of him.



Meirin looked at Green, wanting to know if they should go along with Zhao's plan. If Green agrees, she will find the way towards that black mage.



Green nodded. "Well then, let's do it according to the young master. Find that guy and hand him over to the Purcell clan."



Meirin used her magic, but this time it took her a whole ten minutes. After she finished, she pointed in the direction of Casa City. "That way," she said.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 63




Chapter 63





Chapter 63 - Immortal Mercenary Group



It was strange. Supposedly every day, there would be people coming from Montenegro to Casa city, but today there was not one person going in that direction. Up to now, Zhao hadn't met anybody.



But Zhao didn't know that early in the morning, there was a caravan that passed by them. But when the caravan found that something was wrong, they immediately retreated back to their small town and spread the news to all the merchants. Now that a lot of people knew what was going on, they decided to form a bigger caravan, so they hired a lot of mercenaries from Montenegro.



Zhao didn't know this because he had been feeling tired, so while the caravan had set off bright and early, he had stayed in the space and missed them by two or three hours. It was because of those merchants who blocked anyone from coming in that direction, that no one saw Zhao, which resulted in this strange scene to unfold.



There were a lot of thieves and wild beast attacks on the Continent, so caravans had to be careful. If they find anything wrong, they would immediately go back into the nearest town, and then warn the other caravans from moving on ahead. Zhao didn't know this, and neither did Green, since the Buda clan never owned a caravan before.



Zhao kept them moving forward, where they encountered five more villages with the people gone. These villages were not too big, but if one were to count all the people in the five villages together, there would be a thousand people. But it was not just the people, but all living things were gone.



The more they kept moving, the more they felt scared, not only from the missing people, but also from Meirin feeling the black magical energy growing stronger and stronger.



According to Meirin's estimate, with this temptation spell that could cover so many people, the strength of the black mage must have reached at least the eighth level, same as Meirin. But even if this black mage's strength was on the same level as her, Meirin recognized that if they really fought, she was afraid that she might not really be able to beat the other, because black magic was too strange.



However, Zhao didn't worry too much. Not only did he have Green by his side, but he also had the space which he could go hide in. He didn't believe that anyone could go into the space to kill him.



Their speed didn't accelerate or slow down, and just unhurriedly moved forward, which was a characteristic of Zhao. No matter at what time, he pursued stability while reminding himself to stay calm. That was his motto.



So this time Zhao kept reminding himself to calm down. He always carefully looked around for any situation. Although he couldn't see anything, he still had to be very carefully, and be prepared to deal with any emergency.



Meirin sat on the undead with her eyes closed, along with Green who was sitting on Alien's head, while Zhao sent Meg back into the space.



But to Zhao's surprise, they almost went through a whole day without encountering anything. It was already four in the afternoon, and they have yet to see any people, or did they encounter any attack. Everything was calm, which was eerie.



Zhao was prepared to stop and rest when Meirin suddenly opened her eyes. "Master, you should go back into the space. I have a strong feeling of black magical energy in front of us. It seems like the other party has been prepared."



Surprised, Zhao nodded his head. He knew that he wouldn't be much help, so he stepped into the space. However, he left Alien outside, still carrying Green and Meirin as it walked.



Once inside the space, Zhao immediately went into his hut and watched the screen. It was so strange to watch the outside scene that appeared on th





e screen, like he was still sitting on the back of the undead.



At that moment, Zhao smacked his head. He really was stupid. As always, he could see up to one hundred meters from the point he entered the space. But if that point could be moved, wouldn't he be able to see more things? Previously, when he came into the space, he didn't put away the undead because he thought that it might be necessary to help Green and Meirin, but he forgot to tell it to stop, so the undead kept moving forward.



He discovered the secret that even though he himself was inside the space, the image of the screen kept on moving, so that point of entry could be moved. There was no need for him to stay outside. Damn, why didn't he think of it before? He could have just let the undead go outside while he hid inside the space.



But right now Zhao wasn't in the mood to keep thinking about it, because he wanted to see the black mage.



Meirin and Green was paying attention to everything in front of them, while the undead unhurriedly moved forward. Meirin sensed that the black magical energy was getting stronger.



Suddenly, they heard the sound of weapons. Green and Meirin knew that they were finally there.



Just then, the undead suddenly stopped. Zhao appeared on the back of the undead from the space and said, "Grandpa Green, Grandma Meirin, get into the space. The undead could still move forward, and we can see everything that's going on."



Green and Meirin were surprised, but they understood what Zhao meant. However, Green still shook his head. "No, Master. We shouldn't go in. If they find out the secret of the space, it would do more harm than good."



Zhao paused for a moment, and then he nodded. "Well, then it'll be necessary for me to stay out. I can release those undead to help, so people would think that I'm a black mage, and they won't discover the secrets of the space."



Green and Meirin frowned. They really didn't want to let Zhao take that risk. But if Zhao went into the space, and then summoned undead, it may expose the secret of the space, which would really put them in a dilemma.



Green thought about it, and then turned to Zhao. "Master, if you want to stay outside, you'd better call Meg out to stay by your side."



Zhao nodded. He found that, as long as he thought about calling people from the space in his head, the people in the space could hear it. Plus if those people wanted to speak to him, as long as they knocked on the screen, he could hear them. Finding this out made Zhao happy, because contacting people in the space was now even more convenient.



After Meg was called out, she immediately sat down next to Zhao and carefully looked around, ready to protect him. Zhao commanded the undead to move forward, but to be more careful this time, Green stood up, ready to fight.



They walked for a thousand meters before encountering a small slope. Zhao finally saw what was happening in front of them on that slope. A large group of undead was sieging a caravan. Seeing the Bana symbol on its banner, it turned out to be a caravan belonging to the Markey clan.



Green noticed that there was a flag stuck to the ground next to the slope. The flag was black with a white skull painted on it. Zhao thought that it was similar to a pirate’s flag back on Earth. When Green saw that flag, his face couldn't help but change. Because the flag reminded him of an organization. On the Continent, there was a notorious group of mercenaries: The Immortal mercenary group.



The Immortal mercenary group was one of the Continent's most powerful mercenary groups, but it was also one of the smallest, since the core of the group only had eight people!



In general, only having eight people wouldn't be called a mercenary group. It was more like a small adventurer group. But this team of eight people was called a mercenary group on the Continent because these eight practiced black magic!



This mercenary group had existed for decades. In that time, they had received a total of a thousand requests, of which five hundred of them resulted in killing the owner and robbing their goods. Later, no one dared to ask them to do a task, which made the group turn into thieves.



Every time they acted, all the nearby people would be killed and then turned into undead, and then they would use those undead to attack their targets. This method could be described as extremely cruel. Nobody on the Continent knew how to deal with them. One time, the Immortal mercenary group actually moved against the business of the Xinya clan, who sent some experts to fight back. The result was that out of the eight men from the Immortal mercenary group, seven of them died, and the last one was seriously injured.



Originally, everyone in the Continent thought that the Immortal mercenary group would disappear, but instead they did something crazy.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 64




Chapter 64



Chapter 64 - Releasing Them





Just when everyone thought that there would be no more Immortal mercenary group, the last black mage of their group used the last of his vitality to multiply his magic power by ten times, then turned the other seven black mages into high-level undead. On his death bed, he commanded the seven undead to use their black magic to make him become an undead too.



Generally, when a person becomes an undead, they would be a low-level one with low wisdom and strength. But under the power of a powerful black mage, they would retain their fighting strength and high intelligence, plus they would be a free undead, not enslaved with any constraints to anyone.



Of course, for a black mage to make a high-level undead, it would require very powerful magic. The most important part was to pay with your own vitality. Even if it was a powerful eighth level black mage, his life would come to an end when making such an attempt, so generally black mages didn't make high undead.



That black mage was seriously injured. He was a dying man, so he wasn't afraid of wasting his vitality to stimulate his magic. Once he finished creating those seven undead black mages, with his dying breath he gave them orders to bring him back as an undead.



The plan was too crazy. Those seven undead black mages were free, so it was hard to say whether they would listen to him or not. Even if his plan succeeded, the seven might have become high-level undead, but from now henceforth he would just become an average undead that couldn't eat, sleep, or enjoy any of the human pleasures. Was it really worth it?



A mercenary group consisting of eight undead black mages has become the Continent's most notorious gang of thieves. Even the large clans were terrified of them. In their opinion, if the people in that mercenary group wanted to become undead, then they were lunatics.



It was because of this that nobody wanted to offend the Immortal mercenary group.



Green had naturally heard of this mercenary group, which was precisely why he made an ugly face when he saw that flag. To be honest, he didn't want to offend the Immortal mercenary group. It might bring disastrous consequences to the Buda clan.



The flag that had been inserted into the ground was to tell any passing people that their group was working, so it was best not to make trouble, otherwise they would make an enemy out of the Immortal mercenary group.



Green turned to Zhao. "Master, we have to go back. I have something to tell you."



Zhao was looking at the battle, but he nodded at what Green said and pulled the undead back. They quietly withdrew from the slope, and no one on the battlefield noticed them. After stepping down from the hillside, Green pointed to the woods, and Zhao directed the undead that way. In the woods, they found a secluded place, and then everyone went into the space.



Once in the space, Green took everyone into the hut and told them what he knew about the Immortal mercenary group.



Meirin already had some understanding of this mercenary group, but Blockhead, Rockhead, and Meg didn't know them at all since they grew up in the capital and have never left it.



Zhao calmly listened to Green. He never thought that the Immortal mercenary group would be crazy enough to turn all eight into undead. After Green finished, Zhao stood up and touched his forehead, then he pounded on the table and murmured. "Let's fight."



They all looked puzzled at Zhao, who turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, you said that the eight people of the Immortal mercenary group have become undead?"



Green nodded, which caused Zhao to laugh. "Do you remember what happens after I bring an undead into the space?"





/>

Hearing what Zhao said, Green was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes brightened. He also pounded the table. "Yes! They become loyal to us."



Meirin also reacted to this news. She certainly understood what Zhao meant. They had brought over a thousand undead into the space, without exception, they have all become loyal. The eight individuals of the Immortal mercenary group were also undead, so wasn't it also possible to catch them in the space and make them to loyal too?



Meirin couldn't help but feel excited. Although they caught many undead, most of them were animals, with a few that had human form. But those were just low-leveled, so those human undead naturally had no wisdom and couldn't be of much help.



But the undead black mages of the Immortal mercenary group were different. They were high-leveled undead, with high intelligence that also maintained a lifetime of knowledge. If they could help the Buda clan, then that would be of great help to them.



Right now the Buda clan lacked a force. If they could rein in the Immortal mercenary group, that would be tantamount of having strong armed forces. If anybody wanted to move against the Buda clan, then they would have a hard fight on their hands.



The thought of it made everyone excited.



Zhao also couldn't help but smile. "And we can help the Markey clan, which would put us in good favor with them."



Hearing what Zhao said, Green calmed down as he immediately realized that they could also help the Markey clan. The Markey Company was one of the most famous firms in the Continent. If they could make a strong bond with them, he couldn't imagine the future benefits they could get to develop the Buda clan. It wasn't just the possibility of getting lots of gold; they might also get access to their complete information network.



"Master, we have to go now before it's too late. I'm afraid those people of the Markey clan might not stand for long," Green said.



Zhao nodded. "Blockhead, Rockhead, you two will stay inside the space to take care of the slaves. Grandpa Green, let's go." The four came out of the space.



Outside the space, Zhao immediately released all of his undead. The total amount of undead was one thousand three hundred and fifty seven. This number wasn't counted by Zhao himself, but something he got from the spatial barn.



With all the undead that Zhao summoned, the scene was vast. A few of the undead were humanoid and some were insects, but most of them were some kind of large sized undead, like that rat undead. This was simply an undead army. They were supposed to fight the mercenary group, but mostly they were there to look impressive.



Zhao sat on his undead, while Meg, Meirin, and Green sitting on their own. With a wave from Zhao, the mighty army of undead spirit beasts rushed straight towards the slope.



They could see that the mercenary group also had their own undead army, made up of three thousand people, along with some dogs, chickens, sheep, cows, pigs, and other livestock. It would seem like this undead army was composed of all the living things from those villages.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 65




Chapter 65



Chapter 65 - Laura





This was what the Immortal mercenary group usually did. They killed off the villagers and turned them into their undead army to enable them to attack their target. Although they were low-leveled undead, their attacks weren't weak. Even the power of an ordinary undead was not small, plus they weren't afraid to die, nor did they feel pain. No one was willing to encounter such opponents.



In the Continent, the Markey clan had a reputation of great strength, so under normal circumstances, no one would dare lay hands on their caravan. So after such a long time, they would naturally become more slack, and now each caravan were sending less people to protect it.



This time, the Markey clan was sending someone to Montenegro Fortress to conduct a secret translation with a mysterious figure. This transaction was for the Necro Orb.



The Necro Orb was found by a thief in an ancient tomb. It was an orb with strong Necromancer energy, which could turn an ordinary undead into a mid-level or even a high-level one.



The Markey would love to let this treasure stay in their clan, but it became known to the mysterious figure, who was willing to pay a high price to buy this orb. The Markey clan had no choice but to agree. They decided that Montenegro Fortress would be the place to make the transaction, because it wouldn't attract attention. No one would think that such a treasure would be traded in Montenegro.



They didn't know how this news reached that mercenary group. The importance of the Necro Orb to the Immortal mercenary group was self-evident.



The Markey clan didn't let others know that they were going to Montenegro Fortress to make the transaction, so they didn't send much of a squad, which disguised themselves as an ordinary caravan. They had released information that the transaction for the orb would be located elsewhere, so they thought that they were safe, until the Immortal mercenary group stopped them.



Not only did the eight black mages of the Immortal mercenary group command an undead army, they would also occasionally use black magic to attack the Markey clan caravan, giving them lots of pressure.



Of course, the Markey clan didn't send ordinary mercenaries to guard the Necro Orb. They sent experts. But these experts couldn't handle the attacks from all these undead people, plus the black magical attacks from the mercenary group making them miserable.



Laura was standing on the carriage, her hands holding onto a wooden box. The box wasn't very big, only about twenty cubic centimeters or so, and it seemed to not weigh much, since she effortlessly carried it.



Laura Markey was the second daughter to a mage named Kevin Markey. At forty years old, the old mage finally reached the sixth level. His speed of cultivation wasn't slow, but it was definitely not fast. He preferred to study magic, and had little interest in business. The Markey clan was a famous clan that specialized in business in the Continent. They didn't pay much attention to their heirs that practiced magic or martial arts, and instead focused more on those with business capabilities, which was why Kevin was somewhat embarrassing to the clan.



However, Kevin had a good daughter named Laura. Laura was only seventeen years old, yet she was a famous genius in the Continent. Not only was she a genius in cultivation, but also in business. Laura didn't just learn martial arts, but also how to make weapons for warriors. This was even more difficult than practicing combat skills, which was already demanding for cultivators



Not only was Laura a sixth level warrior, but she was also good at making spears, tower shields, horse bows, machetes, and other weapons. Her strength was very strong, but you wouldn't be able to tel





l from looking at her appearance.



White snow-like delicate skin, a head of wavy golden hair, and a pair of dark blue eyes. Along with her illustrious family background and powerful strength in the martial arts, she was admired by many men.



But what was most talked about her was her business genius. At a very young age, she was already helping her father with some business matters.



For such a genius, the average person couldn't even rise up in jealousy, because she was too good. If someone was a little better than you, of course you would be envious of him. But if he was so much better than you that he was beyond your reach, you couldn't afford to raise up your jealousy.



In the Markey clan, the heirs of the family will manage different businesses in different areas. The patriarch of the clan will then see who was the best at managing their business and making it the most profitable. Everyone knew that Kevin didn't have the ability to do business, so the patriarch didn't even consider him as part of the competition. But since Laura helped Kevin manage his business, their earnings have increased each year, and now wasn't worse than the other heirs of the family.



Kevin's share of the clan's business was mainly concentrated in the Purcell Duchy, so this time the transaction was placed in the hands of Kevin, and of course it would be Laura who finalized the deal.



Laura had no idea how everything they arranged became in vain when that mercenary group arrived, but she feared that this time was really dangerous.



Although Laura was a sixth level warrior, until now, she has never participated in a real battle. Her strength was good, but she was a bit worse than an ordinary mercenary in a fight.



Plus, they were surrounded by the undead. Even if she wanted to run, she couldn't.



This was Laura's first time feeling so desperate. Death was coming. She bit her lips hard until there was bright red blood. And then her last shred of hope was destroyed when, behind the undead army, another large number of undead appeared. These undead were large, with bodies suffused with a strange green color.



Laura's face paled. She knew that she was going to die. However, she didn't collapse, but instead aroused a fighting spirit in her heart!



In despair, there would often be two kinds of reactions. Either complete collapse where you lose all ability to resist and get trampled on, or a manifestation of anger to oppose everything in your way, even if they were undead. Laura was clearly feeling the latter.



Laura was ready to fight to the death.



But then she suddenly discovered that the new undead was attacking the undead that had besieged them. Not only Laura, but everyone in the Markey caravan was shocked to the point where their brains momentarily didn't know how to react. Was there strife among the Immortal mercenary group?



Laura didn't think so. She was clever and eventually saw that these new undead creatures weren’t the same. Unlike the human undead that had besieged them, most of these new undead were more like spirit beasts. And not only did these spirit beasts have strong attacks, but their bodies had green bones, which showed that they were toxic and not to be trifled with.



The green undead were coming in a steady stream, with a total number actually reaching more than a thousand. Unfortunately, that was less than half of the undead that had besieged them. But Laura was looking around because she believed that the people who summoned these undead would soon be here to help them.



Laura carefully looked at the back and found four people riding the undead. Two of them were standing. One was wearing full body armor, while the other was wearing a magic robe. The other two were sitting on an undead like it was natural. One was dressed in a black magic robe, and the other that was sitting beside the black mage was wearing a maid outfit.



Suddenly, black light was shot straight towards these four people. Laura's face changed. She knew that the mercenary group was attacking these four, so she couldn't help but shout, "Be careful!" However, she didn't realize that she was too far away from those people, so they couldn't hear what she was shouting.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 66




Chapter 66





Chapter 66 - Raid



Just as the black light was about to hit the four of them, suddenly a layer of water shielded them. The shield looked thin and transparent, but the black light couldn't get past their guard.



After the black light disappeared, Green stood up on the undead's head and suddenly sprang towards the direction where the black light was emitted. Although he was still wearing body armor, with a very fast speed, he disappeared in front of everyone in the blink of an eye.



Meanwhile, Meirin said to Zhao, "Master, go back."



Zhao knew that he must listen to Meirin, so he immediately commanded his undead to step back.



More black light shot at them, but Zhao was able to note where they came from. He directed his undead army to rush toward where the black light was being emitted. The eight black mages seemed to be hiding in the woods.



Suddenly, a screen projected in front of him, flashing different colored dots. The red dots represented them and the undead that he summoned, the green dots represented the people of the Markey caravan, and there were a few black dots hidden in the woods.



There were eight black dots. But one of them was next to a red dot. Zhao looked and saw that was the direction where Green went. One of the black dots was also rushing in that direction, leaving the other six black dots behind.



Zhao commanded his undead to divide into seven teams. Six of the teams will each have two hundred undead, which he sent towards the six black dots, while the remaining one hundred and fifty seven stayed close by. Meg also made her preparations as she softly whispered a spell that formed a pale shroud of air which surrounded her and Zhao. After all, her mission was to protect Zhao.



The six black dots figured out Zhao's intentions, so they immediately rushed towards him. In their view, getting rid of Zhao was the only hope of victory. If they were to get surrounded by the undead, then sooner or later they will be killed.



The Immortal mercenary group has faced danger countless times, like when they faced the Xinya clan. At the time, they were seventh leveled black mages, but the Xinya clan was still able to kill them, forcing them to to turn themselves into undead. Now their true strength was only at the sixth level. If it weren't for the fact that black magic was really strange, then it would be impossible for them to run rampant in the Continent.



But this time, they encountered an even more dangerous situation. Not only did the other side have two people with strength at the eighth level, they also had an army of undead. They could say that their chances of winning was very low.



That was the reason why they took the initiative to attack Zhao. It wasn't because they thought that they had the ability to kill Zhao, but they wanted to see if they could escape after taking Zhao's life. They had experienced many battles with enemies before, and so they thought that if they ran, it would be likely that Zhao would come after them. So they wanted to try attacking Zhao first, then find a way to escape.



But they didn't know that if they had turned around and ran, Zhao wouldn't have come after them because he really didn't want to deal with the hassle.



Zhao noticed that the black spots were getting closer. "Grandma Meirin, they're coming."



Meirin nodded, although she didn't need Zhao to tell her that. As a powerful eighth level mage, plus the fact that she was rich in experience with fighting enemies, how could she not know that they were coming.



However, Zhao faced a surprise. Although he knew that some of the Immortal mercenary group were getting closer, he couldn't even see their shadows. The screen projected in front of him clearly s





howed black dots outside his protection of undead, but he couldn't see a single person, not even their shadows. It was really strange.



Although Zhao was curious as to the reason why, he knew that now was not the time to ask. He had already warned Meirin, plus he knew where the people were, so he wasn't worried.



The black dots creeped closer, and now they were inside his protection of undead, but the undead didn't notice anything. Seeing this, Zhao then understood that those people must be using some kind of secret stealth magic, so now the undead couldn't even find them.



But Zhao didn't shoot up in fear. He believed in Meirin. If she couldn't find them, then she wouldn't be called an eighth level mage.



Plus, Zhao's undead still had a trick he could use.



His undead were an undead spirit variation. It had a spiritual attack, which was something that mages feared to encounter.



Zhao firmly stared at his screen, ready to get involved at anytime. Right now he looked mysterious because he was dressed as a black mage, plus he was able to sit there motionless amidst such a battle.



Meirin had long felt the people getting closer, but she didn't move. She wasn't worried about Zhao's safety because he had Meg by his side. And if Meg failed to protect him, he could always go inside the space. She had nothing to worry about.



At this point, Zhao discovered that the black spots have stopped ten meters away from him. He felt that it was time, so he got up and yelled, "Attack!"



To command his undead, he didn't actually need to shout, but he had always wanted to give that command, plus he was encouraging himself.



From his outburst, Meirin began casting a spell, while Zhao suddenly felt his undead blasting out a strong spiritual force.



Meirin was surprised, but she then understood what Zhao was doing, so she changed her spell. She was originally going to use a magic attack to wound those guys and then capture them in the space, but now she allowed Alien to do the attacking because she was very clear on what a spiritual attack will do to a mage.



Although she didn't know how Zhao found where those people were, she didn't think too much of it as she immediately casted another spell. Six water dragons appeared at her side, which then rushed straight towards those six men.



At the time when Meirin just formed the water dragons, the six men appeared around Zhao in a semicircle less than ten meters from him. Apparently, they were going to use magic to attack, but then suddenly they were hit with a spiritual attack, injuring them.



As soon as they were exposed, the six water dragons wrapped around them. Once Zhao opened a hole to the space, Meirin immediately threw the six men inside.



Zhao and Meirin felt relieved. The timing of their attack was perfect. Before those people were about to cast their magic, they were suddenly hit with a spiritual attack, allowing Meirin to seize the opportunity to trap those people and throw them into the space.



The key factor was the screen projection. Even if those people were invisible, they couldn't stay hidden under Zhao's eyes. Along with the spiritual attack, it had doubled their war potential.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 67




Chapter 67



Chapter 67 - Undead Level Up





Almost all of Laura's men had injuries. These men were loyal to Laura, not the Markey clan. Since she was young, Laura understood that the men given to her by the clan weren't reliable, so over the years she had been trying to cultivate her own forces. Because of the stakes of this time's transaction, she had to take her most loyal men, but they had almost died.



After Zhao threw some of the Immortal mercenary group into the space, he heard the voice: [Advance class robotic objects have been discovered in the space. Proceeding with new implantation program. Implantation successful. Robotic objects have no toxic effects. Will now strengthen them with toxins. Running extraction program on these new class of advanced robotic objects. The original class of robotic objects will now be strengthened]



Zhao understood what the voice meant. He really succeeded. Once the six undead of the Immortal mercenary group entered the space, they had really become one of us. Plus, they were also strengthened with the toxins from the swamp, giving them a stronger attacking power. Not only that, when the space found that the six undead were more advanced than the others, it leveled up all the undead that he had.



Zhao had not yet had the time to feel pleased when a blue shadow shot towards him and shouted, "Master." It was Green, who was clutching two black figures. It appeared that they were the remaining members of the Immortal mercenary group. With a thought, Zhao opened up a hole, then Green threw the two members into the space. The voice sounded again, telling him that the reform process was happening again.



Just then, all the undead around Zhao flashed a tiny light. The light was so small and fast that if Zhao was not sitting on his undead, he might not have noticed it.



After the light disappeared, Zhao found that the undead had changed. Their bodies were a more deeper green and the red soul fire where their eyes were supposed to be looked more exuberant.



The body of his undead became dark green. The only place where it was different was the white pattern on its head. The pattern was shaped similar to an eye. It was a complex pattern which if you stared at it for a long time, you would feel that it was spinning, sucking in your soul.



In addition, his undead seemed to have become bigger. It was originally just ten meters long, but now it reached a total of fifteen meters. But that wasn't the only change. The chest of the undead had turned into a closed space when green crystal formed walls between the ribs, leaving no trace of a gap. The space inside the chest was now two meters high, four meters long, and three meters wide, with a flat floor and an arc-shaped roof. Not only could you sit inside the chest, you could also stand up and move around.



On the neck of the undead appeared some sort of strange bone armor. It didn't affect the undead as it could still turn its neck to look around, but this bone armor had formed something like a corridor that gave direct access to the undead's mouth from its chest. The mouth was very big. As long as the mouth was open, it could form a space that was three meters wide, five meters long, and one meter high, allowing a person to sit there and see the situation outside.



Down the back of the undead grew a lot of hideous bone spurs that seemed to glitter with flashing green light, and on its tail grew three long spikes that pointed up, left, and right. Just the sight of them showed how powerful and lethal they were. Zhao and Meg looked at the changes of the undead, not knowing how it had become like this or when the wooden planks had been knocked to the ground. It didn't just become a roomy way to travel, but also a murderous weapon.



Meirin and Green were surprised. The cha





nges to the undead were completely beyond their imagination.



Zhao took a moment to collect himself, then with a thought, he immediately put the rest of the undead inside his space, then he called out to Meirin and Green. "Grandma Meirin, Grandpa Green, let's go into the undead's mouth."



The undead had two entrances. The front entrance was the mouth, while the other was behind the chest. Zhao noticed that there were a few pieces of bones which you could open, allowing you to go into Alien from behind. However, Zhao didn't want to go inside from the back, because that was the place where animals defecated. He didn't want to go in or out from there.



Green and Meirin went inside the undead with Zhao, which immediately opened its mouth to let them in. The chest seemed to be tightly sealed, only feeling a little wind. Once inside, Green and Meirin couldn't help but feel surprised. They really didn't expect that the space inside the chest would become like this. Didn't it change too much?



They looked at Zhao, who chuckled. "I didn't think that it would become like this after I put those guys from the Immortal mercenary group into the space. The space made all the undead stronger, which is why it had become like this. Now we don't need to sit outside. We can just sit in here and see the outside situation instead."



Green nodded as he looked around. "Although it's not much, you can still see outside. Well, Master, it would be great if we go see the Markey clan like this."



Zhao smiled. "Then let's go see them." He commanded his undead to climb the slope.



Laura and everyone else didn't see what happened behind the slope. The last thing they saw was a blue shadow clutching two black humanoid objects going behind the slope, then all the undead that helped them have disappeared. Laura was just about to send people to see what had happened when a crocodile skeleton crawled out from behind the slope.



That crocodile skeleton seemed very familiar, like the one that the black mage was sitting on, but it had changed, looking more ferocious. While she didn't get a good look at that undead's appearance, she clearly remembered that it didn't have bone spurs that big going down its back. However, Laura was sure that it was an undead that belonged to the black mage that helped them. That was because she had never seen the Immortal mercenary group using such an undead. If they had that undead, they would have used it to siege them from the beginning.



Laura and her men felt nervous. After all, that undead was too scary. Its dark green bones shined with a coldness under the sun, while its four meter long mouth exposed rows of fangs. And although its legs weren't high, it had long sharp claws that left no doubt to the destruction it could bring.



Such a monster was coming towards them.



Laura and her men tightly clutched their weapons, their hearts rising up to their throats. Under their gaze, the undead stopped itself five meters away from them. When its mouth opened, they felt a burst of fear. But then Green stepped out of the undead's mouth.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 68




Chapter 68





Chapter 68 - Idol?



Green looked around and spotted Laura. "Hello, Markey clan. My Master would like to speak with you." He called Zhao his Master like how a mage's follower respectfully would.



Laura of course understood what Green meant, but she hesitated. She had a treasure with her, and if the other side wanted that treasure, wouldn't it be too dangerous if she went along with Green?



Green was a good person. One look at Laura and he understood her hesitation, but he didn't blame her for it.



While Laura wasn't prepared to follow Green to see Zhao, since the other side had saved them, she still needed to give them her thanks. Laura jumped down from her carriage, then she walked to Green and bowed. "Powerful warrior, please accept the thanks of Laura Markey. I do not know if I could have the opportunity to see the distinguished mage."



Although Laura was very polite, the meaning of her words were clear. If you want to see me, then you will have to come out and see me.



Green looked at Laura, then nodded. He also thought that they should go out to Laura's side. Although they didn't know why the Immortal mercenary group attacked her, this was a good chance to establish a relationship with Laura and the Buda clan.



Inside the undead's chest, Zhao, Meirin, and Meg were standing there waiting for Green. Zhao originally wanted to go out to see Laura, but Green thought that it would be too demeaning, so he told Zhao to wait here until he came back. Once Green was inside again, he said, "Master, the one outside is named Laura, a genius of the Markey clan. When you go meet her, if she asked about the Immortal mercenary group, say that we repelled them. Don't say that we made them loyal to us."



Zhao nodded. "Don't worry, Grandpa Green, I know what to say." He went out, followed by Green and Meg, leaving Meirin behind.



Standing there, Laura was a bit nervous. She didn't know how the mage would answer her since she knew that what she was doing was rude. But she couldn't risk the treasure that was on her.



However, she also knew that black mages were usually cantankerous and that she might have offended him. If the black mage wanted to deal with her, she was afraid that she wouldn't be able to leave here today. This thought filled Laura with some regret. With her current strength, she wouldn't be able to hold on to the Necro Orb if the black mage wanted it.



While she was feeling regretful, Laura suddenly noticed three people coming out of the mouth of the undead. One of them was a black mage. Although the mage's body wasn't very tall, he was wearing a tall black robe while holding a magic staff.



Laura, with her experience in business, could tell at a glance that the robe and magic staff were cheap and poor quality. But from the mage's temperament, Laura almost completely omitted these two things. His unique temperament seemed to be very humble, but at the same time, it seemed very contradictory.



Meanwhile, Laura also noticed another detail. Although the black mage was wearing a robe that covered his whole body, she could still see his hand that was sticking out while holding the magic staff. When she saw this hand, Laura's eyes couldn't help but shrink. The hand wasn't old and it had no wrinkles. Although it was a man's hand, the skin was very white and delicate.



If this hand reflected this mage's age, then Laura could easily tell that the owner of this hand didn't exceed thirty years old!



An advanced black mage that was no more than thirty years old, what kind of concept was that? This was equal to the strongest in the Continent and would infinitely have a bright future. For a large clan, such a pers





on would help that clan grow.



But Laura has been taking care of the family business for several years, so even after seeing such a big scene, it only took a moment before she could calm herself back to normal.



Different from Laura, Zhao felt very excited. The reason he was excited was because of Laura's looks.



Although Laura was pretty, in his past life Zhao had seen a variety of beauties. That wasn't the reason for Zhao's excitement, but rather because Laura looked like a specific person. In his past life, when Zhao was an otaku, he liked music. He mostly listened to some Chinese songs, so he knew even less about foreign singers.



But he did know of one name: Taylor Swift



Taylor Swift was a country music singer. When Zhao was almost twenty years old, at the time when Taylor was twenty, he thought that she looked sweet and her singing was very appealing, so he quickly fell in love with her. Zhao had a picture of Taylor on his computer desktop.



Laura's looks was almost like it was carved out of a mold from what Taylor looked like. She looked so much alike that Zhao kept checking her over, everything from her height to her blonde hair. She was simply almost exactly the same. The only difference was that Laura had a body that practiced martial arts, but this gave her an inexplicable attraction. As long as men saw her, they would want to conquer her.



Meeting his idol standing before his own eyes, how could Zhao not be excited. Although he knew that the person in front of him wasn't Taylor, he still couldn't help but feel excited.



Fortunately, he was wearing a mage robe that blocked his face. If Laura were to see the happy vacant look on Zhao, it would greatly damage her impression of him.



Laura took a deep breath and gave a deep bow to Zhao. "Dear mage, thank you for your help. Please accept my most sincere gratitude."



Zhao soon recovered after he also took a breath to calm down. In front of a star like that, he shouldn't be too crazy, and be more sensible. Plus, he knew that the one standing in front of him wasn't Taylor, but Laura.



"Miss Laura is too polite. We just happened to pass by and encountered that notorious mercenary group. Unfortunately, we couldn't destroy them, and instead let them run," Zhao said.



Laura was surprised for a moment. She had seen Green carrying two objects to the back of the slope, but she didn't expect that they were part of the Immortal mercenary group. If so, then it was good that the mercenary group had been eliminated. And Laura was also able to confirm her previous speculation that the black mage was quite young, which she could tell from the sound of his voice.



Laura smiled at Zhao. "You do not need to feel any regret. I will not allow the Immortal mercenary group to run rampant for so long in the Continent. This time they will really be sorry. Since you helped us against those people, you might fear that it would just bring you more trouble, but please don't worry. After I go back to my clan, they will send out a team to eradicate the Immortal mercenary group, so please rest assured."



Zhao slightly chuckled. "Miss Laura is too kind. A mere mercenary group is not much in my eyes, so you don't have to worry about it."



Hearing what Zhao said, Laura couldn't help but nod her head. If anyone else was to say this, she wouldn't believe it, but since Zhao said so, she believed him. She had seen how powerful Zhao was. Not only did he have an eighth level warrior, but he could also call out all those undead.



Green was looking at the sky, then he turned to Zhao. "Master, it's getting late. Shouldn't we hurry up?"



Zhao knew what Green meant that they should go. This time they just wanted to meet the Markey clan. They didn't want people to think that they were threatening the Markey clan for repayment.



Seeing Zhao about to leave, Laura at once said, "Dear mage, we are preparing to make camp here today. If you don't mind, please stay with us. I would like to invite you for dinner to express my gratitude."



Zhao shook his head. "Miss Laura is determined, but I'm sure we will have the opportunity to see each other again in the future." Having said that, he turned around and walked towards his undead.



Laura anxiously took two brisk steps forward and quickly pulled on Zhao's robe. "Dear mage, please wait." When she grabbed onto Zhao, Laura didn't know whether or not it was an illusion, but she could smell a fresh scent from Zhao's body, like a prairie during spring, making people feel refreshed and vibrant.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 69




Chapter 69





Chapter 69 - Their Plans





-This chapter was sponsored by Ahmed A. (Saudi Arabia). Thanks!!!





It was a very strange feeling. Laura never thought that just a smell would make her think of so many things. The odor coming from Zhao's body smelled like the sea, letting her feel her spirits being lifted.



Laura froze for a moment, but Zhao turned to look at Laura's beautiful face. "Miss Laura, what are you doing?"



Laura recovered, then blushed and quickly let go of Zhao's clothes. "I'm sorry, dear mage. May I ask for your name?"



"Of course. My name is Zhao." Zhao used his name from his past life. If he said that he was Adam Buda, he was afraid that they would be hunted down. He wasn't an idiot.



Laura took out a gold medal and handed it to Zhao. "Mr Zhao, this will show that you are a Gold VIP. Show this piece of gold to any of our Markey company in the Continent, and you will be given a twenty percent discount. Also, if you want to sell anything in the Purcell Duchy, as long as you are holding this, the Markey company will pay the full purchase price to buy one of your goods. I know that this simply isn't enough to repay you for your kindness, but on behalf of my piece of mind, please accept it." Laura was bowing while holding the gold medal high above her head.



Zhao wanted this gold medal. With it, what he does in the future will be more convenient. He could see that this time, Laura must be doing something important, otherwise she wouldn't be so anxious to get to Montenegro Fortress. Even though she had suffered heavy losses, she still didn't want to go back and would rather stay here to camp, then leave tomorrow.



But Zhao didn't dwell on it. He just took the gold medal and said, "Thank you, Miss." Having carefully looked at the piece of gold, he could see that the gold medal was palm-sized, made entirely out of pure gold, and the shape of it was like a blooming Bana, and at the center was the word, Markey.



After Zhao took the gold medal, Laura straightened her body and let out a breath. She had been really afraid that Zhao wouldn't accept the medal.



Laura didn't give the gold medal to Zhao entirely out of thanks, but the main reason was to form a relationship between her and Zhao. He was an advanced black mage, and one so young, plus he was flanked by Green, an advanced warrior. If she could form a relationship with Zhao, then that could only be a good thing.



In the Ark Continent, strength was respected. If Laura could become friends with Zhao the advanced black mage, then it would be a great influence to her position in her clan. So when she saw that Zhao accepted the gold medal, she felt relieved. As long as Zhao used the gold medal, she would be able to find him, and then slowly form a closer relationship.



After looking at the gold medal, Zhao tucked it in his sleeve so it couldn't be seen when he threw it into the space.



Once he had the gold medal, Zhao said, "Miss Laura, I'm sure that you have a lot of things to do. I will not hold you up, but we will have the opportunity to see each other later."



Having turned away, Laura didn't stop him this time, but she said to Zhao's back, "If Mr. Zhao wants to look for me, just casually mention my name in one of the Markey's family shops, and you can send me a message."



Zhao didn't turn around, and just gently waved as he climbed into the undead's mouth. Once Meg and Green followed behind Zhao into the undead's body, the undead then quickly left the battlefield.



Laura watched as the undead walked away. Once it was gone, she couldn't help but let loose a breath. Then a fifteen year





old girl, who was wearing a maid outfit, came to Laura's side while holding a box which contained an orb filled with dead souls.



The girl walked around Laura and said, "Miss, will we really have to camp here?"



Laura looked at the bodies and bones on the battlefield, her eyes flashed with coldness. "Of course. We will rest here for the night. Tomorrow morning, we will be on our way to Montenegro Fortress as soon as possible. Send someone to keep a lookout on the back of the slope."



A warrior saluted, then turned and ran to the back of the slope. Laura turned to the girl dressed as a maid and said, "Nier, are you scared?"



Nier was pale, but she shook her head. However, Laura still saw the distressed look on Nier's face. She touched her head and said, "Do not worry, Nier. You don't have to be afraid, I will not let such a thing happen to you."



Although Nier was Laura's maid, the two grew up together. Because of this, Laura always felt that Nier was like a sister, so she comforted her.



However, Laura was very clear that this time they really had something to fear. Because of the stakes of this transaction, only a few core members of the clan knew about it, but somehow the Immortal mercenary group had been waiting days in advance to ambush them, so they apparently knew about their plans.



The Immortal mercenary group weren't prophets, they could only rely on guesses for their robberies. So someone must have told them about the plan.



While Laura still didn't know for sure who that person was, she could at least determine a range of people. In fact, Laura understood that some in her own clan looked forward to her death. Her father was the second heir to the clan, but he didn't care much about the family business. However, since she took over the business, her father's position as the second heir became more stable, which brought a lot of pressure to several other heirs.



In a large clan, what was the most brutal? Undoubtedly, competition between family members was the most brutal. Laura, although she was still young, slowly understood this truth ever since she took over the family business. But she didn't think that the people in the clan would do things that were so absolute.



At this moment, Laura knew that in the future, no matter what, she couldn't rely on the clan.



That was one of the reasons why Laura had tried to win over Zhao. If later, the clan was really unreliable, then with Zhao's support as a powerful mage, Laura could go out and live on her own without fear of family reprisals.



Zhao didn't know the full meaning of what Laura was doing because he didn't know what the Immortal mercenary group was trying to grab, but he shall know soon.



After Zhao and everyone quickly left the battlefield, they gathered around Green in the room of the undead's body. Zhao took out the gold medal and handed it to Green. "Grandpa green, look at this gold medal. With this, will our plans not be more successful?"



Green carefully looked at the gold. "Ah, yes. With this gold medal, plus with Laura's kindness, it will be a great help to our future development. In the Markey clan, Laura is the second daughter. She has taken over the family business in the Purcell Duchy, so this is very beneficial for us."



Zhao frowned. "Will anyone suspect us?"



Green shook his head. "They should not, Master, as long as we quickly sell the radishes and return to the Black Waste. There, you can let the Immortal mercenary group go into the carrion swamp and rein in the undead, and also release the undead that you already have. Because if the undead from the carrion swamp looked like they are wandering around the Black Waste, I think that no one would easily go into our territory, making us more secure."



Zhao nodded his head. With a thought, the Immortal mercenary group of eight men appeared in front of him. Fortunately, the room in the undead's body wasn't small, otherwise it wouldn't be able to fit so many people.



The eight men were wearing similar styles to Zhao's dark robe, but they didn't have a magic staff in their hands. When they came out, in a ceremony fashion, the eight people immediately said in unison to Zhao, "Master."



Zhao nodded and said, "Hat." The eight men took off their hats, and eight skulls appeared. They were dark green crystal skulls with red fire as the soul in their eyes. Some people would think of the crystal as beautiful, while others might see them as strange.



"Why did you attack Laura?" Zhao asked.



The wisdom of these eight have apparently not been affected. One immediately replied, "Master, we got the news from a person in the Markey clan that Laura had the Necro Orb, which can enhance the undead."



"Which person from the Markey clan told you this news?" Zhao asked.



Just then, Green suddenly asked, "Master, are you saying that they can speak?"





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 70




Chapter 70





Chapter 70 - Mysterious Forces





Zhao was shocked when Green asked such a question. They've already said several words, but Green still asked if whether these eight guys could speak? That was too weird, right? Didn't Green hear them speak?



Zhao turned around and looked at Green. "Grandpa Green, we've already said several words to each other, didn't you hear us?"



Green and everyone else shook their heads, which confirmed that although Zhao had a dialogue with these undead people from the mercenary group, Green really didn't hear them.



Seeing Zhao puzzled, Meirin said, "There are few undead that know how to speak, but these are high-level undead so they can directly talk to the young master through spiritual power. The young master thinks that he could hear them talking with his ears, but in fact, they're not making a sound."



When he heard Meirin's explanation, Zhao nodded, then turned around and spoke to the undead black mages. "Since you have called me Master, you will no longer use your previous names. I will give you new names. Which one of you was the boss?"



One of the undead stepped forward. "Master, I am."



"Well, starting today your name is Drunk. The second will be called Hammer. And the next ones will be Mountain, Edge, Punch, Rash, Scales, and Brick."



The eight people accepted it in unison. Although they didn't have that much wisdom or influence, the space has let them know that Zhao was their master, so they certainly did not refute Zhao's words.



"Now answer my question. Who told you that Laura has this Necro Orb?" Zhao demanded.



Drunk quickly said, "Master, we heard this message from one of the members of the Markey clan. At first, we didn't believe it, but if what he said was true, then we wanted to get it to enhance our strength."



Zhao nodded. It was like he thought, just a struggle within the clan. Nothing remarkable.



He then turned to Drunk and said, "Since you call me Master, tell me where are all those good things you robbed over the years?"



"Master, although we've been robbing for so many years, we're rarely able to keep the things that we steal. We just took them to the previous master," Drunk immediately said.



Zhao's face changed. "Previous master?"



"Master, you are mistaken," Drunk quickly said. "Now we don't recognize others as our master. It's just that we grew up with our previous master that adopted us. After we learned magic from him, he sent us out as the Immortal mercenary group to collect money to help him, until now."



After listening to Drunk, Zhao didn't feel relieved, but instead his mood got heavier. "What is the identity of your previous master?"



Drunk shook his head. "We don't know. We rarely see him. His servant takes care of us. Even if we see him, he would be wearing a dark robe that covered up his whole body."



Zhao felt more heavy, discovering that the forces behind Drunk and the rest was not so simple. Cultivating these men into seventh level mages from a young age would require a lot of manpower and financial resources. But that wasn't the worst part. The worst part was that although it was hard to find someone with a talent for magic out of a million people in the Continent, it was even more difficult to find someone who was suitable for practicing black magic.



And yet the forces behind them were able to find eight individuals that were talented in black magic. How much power would it take to choose them and train them up?



Another point, Drunk and the rest grew up together, but





it was clear that they didn't live with their previous master So while their previous master was living elsewhere, did he also train more of them? If so, then this was an even bigger matter.



Green saw that Zhao didn't look so good, so he quickly asked, "Master, what's the matter?"



Zhao looked at everyone and explained his conversation with Drunk, as well as the speculations he had made. Everyone's faces grew heavy.



Zhao then tried asking Drunk personal things about the previous master that adopted them, but Drunk didn't know anything. They just knew that when they grew up, they would go out as a mercenary group to earn money, then put that money in a designated place. They would rarely meet. The other simply, did not contact them, so they didn't know what the situation was.



Finding out nothing, Zhao retracted Drunk and the rest back into the space. After all, although the room inside the undead's body was big enough for so many people, it was still very crowded.



Green didn't say anything, but no one had a good look on their face. They really found that this time they shouldn't mess with forces that were so big. No one knew how strong was their influence or what their intentions were. But it was certain that these forces weren't so simple.



After a moment, Green said, "Master, we don't have to worry too much. No one will think that we have the Immortal mercenary group. The Black Waste is a forgotten part of the Continent. After we go back there, you can immediately put Drunk and the others in the carrion swamp so no one can even find them. We should not have any trouble."



Zhao nodded, hoping that things would be so. Now, they were too weak. They would be dead if those forces behind Drunk really discovered that Zhao had the Immortal mercenary group, not to mention if the news got out, they would also have to deal with those old nobles from the Aksu Empire.



Zhao didn't know what to say about this matter, so he put it off for another time, then he turned to Green and asked, "Grandpa Green, when we get to Casa city, shouldn't we plan ahead and find a place to hold the radishes?"



Green nodded. "Yes, Master. Do not worry, there are many places near Casa city. We can buy a small estate so you can hold your radishes and sell them to the people from the Markey clan."



"That's good. But although we did have a preliminary deal with them, now that we have this gold medal, we should get a higher price, right?" Zhao asked.



"Yes, this gold medal can really be a large help to us. If we took this gold medal to do business with them, I don't know how they will react, especially Miss Laura. Master, you're a very powerful black mage, yet you're suddenly selling vegetables." Green laughed. "I think she will be very surprised."



Everyone, including Zhao, laughed. Now Zhao had a more firm commitment to their farming. Although they had good strength, with two people at the eighth level and so many undead, he still couldn't forget that their enemies were even more powerful.



Those old nobles of the Aksu Empire, if they knew of the strength that the Buda clan had, they would unite in fear and use the power of the entire Empire to destroy them. Plus now Zhao shouldn't provoke the forces behind Drunk and the rest of the undead black mages. If those forces found out about their situation, then Zhao would be finished.



So they could only be low key.



But Zhao didn't mind using the piece of gold that Laura gave him. Even if he used it, his identity would only be known as a black mage named Zhao. If someone wanted to trace his origins, they would discover that he came from Montenegro Fortress, and nothing else.



Montenegro Fortress was a mess. Even if someone were to search harder, they would still not suspect the Buda clan. After all, Adam drank the Water of Nothingness, which everyone in the Continent knew about. And now he had these undead providing the best cover for his identity. No one thought that someone who drank the Water of Nothingness will be able to summon these undead creatures. So even if someone wanted to check up on him, they would never take notice of the Buda clan.



After experiencing a battle, Zhao better understood the truth that strength was supreme in the Ark Continent. If he didn't have the strength, would Laura be so kind to him and give him the gold medal? If he didn't have the strength, could he have defeated the eight undead black mages?



If they didn't have the strength, even if they were to earn money, sooner or later it would just be snatched from them.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 71




Chapter 71





Chapter 71 - Indifference and Passion



They moved forward. This time when they encountered villages, there were still people, which made Zhao feel relieved.



But seeing the villagers, Zhao had mixed feelings. To be honest, the sixth level black mages, although very strong, were nothing in the eyes of those with real strength, like against Meirin or Green.



In Meirin's eyes, those ordinary commoners were like ants, and she was a god that was free to kill them.



Zhao knew that if it weren't for the existence of the space, he would be no different than those commoners in the eyes of the strong. He was like an ant.



He wanted to become strong, but unfortunately he drank the Water of Nothingness, so he couldn't learn magic or martial arts. The only remaining thing he could rely on was the space.



But Zhao understood that living an easy life was not easy. Just because you try to avoid trouble, doesn't mean that it won't come to you. If you want to have a stable life, then you have to ensure that you have the power to keep your life stable.



Strength! This was the first time since he was born that Zhao felt such a strong desire for power. Unfortunately, he didn't have a way to enhance his own strength.



The space was amazing, but it lacked offensive power. Although he was able to rein in some undead to use for his own purposes, he couldn't go into the carrion swamp to collect the undead. That was no different than courting death. Zhao still clearly remembered that day he stood on the castle walls, shocked by the overwhelming number of undead spirit beasts that came out of the swamp.



If you don't have the power to protect yourself, then how can you live peacefully? There's only one answer. Look for a place to hide where people can't find you.



The Black Waste was a good choice. Because of the ground, it was a place that no one paid attention to. But there was a problem that left the Buda clan in a mess.



Others may not pay attention to them, but those old nobles definitely would. If they wanted people to not pay attention to them, then they would have to think of a way, otherwise they would make life difficult for Zhao and the Buda clan.



But the only way Zhao could think of was by improving the level of his spatial farm a little faster. As long as his space's level goes over ten, he would be able to open a ranch.



Once he gathers a variety of plants in his farm, he could enhance the level of his space and open a ranch, then it wouldn't be long before he could put animals from the Ark Continent into the space. If that is so, once he reins in some spirit beasts, then this will add to his power.



In fact, back in the Black Waste, Zhao had tried to gather spirit beasts inside his space, but without success. It was clear that the space couldn't store spirit beasts for now. He would have to wait until after he opens the ranch.



Ah, levels. If you play a game with a low level, you'll just get bullied everywhere. Just you wait until I get a high enough level.



While thinking of these things, his undead was moving towards the city. Along the way, they passed by towns, but Zhao didn't go into those towns because they just needed a secluded spot outside of it, then hide in the space overnight.



However, recently Zhao let Green go into those towns to get a better understanding of what they knew. The Immortal mercenary group was such a big thing that it was impossible for people not to have heard of it.



The result was contrary to Zhao's expectations. He thought that it would be a very serious matter, after all, a lot of villagers have died. But he didn't think that this kind of news would turn out to be so common. When the Purcell Duchy he





ard of what the Immortal mercenary group did, they just took the land that the villages were on, then sent slaves to plow it.



Listening to Green's words, Zhao felt a little faint. For the first time he understood how much power the nobility in the Continent had.



The life and death of those commoners didn't even reach the eyes of those nobles. Maybe they even wanted those commoners dead at some point, so they could increase their area of land.



Zhao gave a helpless smile. He still hadn’t fully adapted to the thoughts and ideas in this world. Perhaps in the eyes of those nobles, commoners and slaves weren't people, but in the eyes of Zhao, even a slave was a person.



However, although the way the Purcell clan dealt with those commoners who were killed by the undead mercenary group was very cold, the way they dealt with the attack on the Markey caravan was with passion. When they heard that members of the Markey clan were attacked, the Grand Duke himself, personally came by to give his condolences.



Also, there was another thing that Zhao had heard. Zhao's identity as an advanced black mage had emerged, and was now spreading everywhere. Such a person was very dangerous, so the Purcell clan was paying attention to Zhao.



Of course, these were just rumors that Green had heard from merchants and mercenaries, but there's no smoke without fire, so it may be true.



It was just as they expected. When an advanced black mage suddenly appears in the Purcell Duchy, of course the Purcell clan would pay attention to them. This was the result that Zhao wanted to see. When the Purcell clan notices them, it might give them a lot of trouble, but in general, this was a good thing. If they focused their attentions at Zhao's identity as a black mage, it would make his Adam identity more secure.



These days, Zhao had found that there were mercenaries and adventurers always around them. He was aware that they were there for surveillance.



They didn't show themselves much on the road, but at night, they would monitor them when Zhao entered the space while leaving his undead to stay outside.



Zhao didn't know that the people who were monitoring them were envious to death. In the Continent, although there were a lot of black mages, the Necromancers who could summon undead were rare. Even if they could summon undead, it would just be skeletons or zombies, the lowest level of undead. And this didn't mention the fact that they certainly couldn't ride a skeleton. The best they could do was have a few skeletons carry them in a palanquin.



Although a Necromancer could summon the lowest level of undead, this was obviously completely different to the skeletal undead that Zhao summoned. The dark green color, the hideous bone spurs, and its traveling speed showed off its power to the point that the people who were monitoring Zhao felt scared. They really wanted to know what spirit beast Zhao had to kill to make this undead.



Necromancers could generally be divided into two types. One of them could directly summon an undead from the ectopic surface. But this type of summoning is by chance, meaning that if you wanted to summon a skeleton, you might suddenly get a zombie. You don't know what you're going to get at that level.



For example, if you want to summon a skeleton to fight, then you might just call out a gray skeletal bust. This kind of thing, not to mention having no feet, it couldn’t even fight. It is of the lowest level, just like weeds. No attack power and no value to its existence other than nutrients for other undead.



However, summoning undead is what is most commonly used by Necromancers. That is because this type of magic is less demanding, even a low-level Necromancer can use it many times. Of course, the higher the level the mage is, the stronger the magic, and so they would be able to summon dark creatures of a higher level as well.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 72




Chapter 72





Chapter 72 - Landscape



However, this method of summoning undead had one very fatal flaw: time.



If you summon the undead from the ectopic surface, there would be a time limit in which its presence could stay on the Ark Continent. This time limit depended on the level of the Necromancer and the level of the dark creature that was summoned.



Theoretically, with strong enough magic, you would be able to summon a high level undead and keep it on the Ark Continent for a long time. But most of the time limits were short.



There was an exception. If you summon a powerful dark creature, as long as you were willing to pay some vitality, then you could keep that creature on the Ark Continent for a longer period of time. But generally, Necromancers didn't want to use such a method to summon high level undead from the ectopic surface. That was because the higher the level of the creature, the more vitality was needed. If you wanted it to stay on the Ark Continent long term, then you were just being reckless.



The other method that Necromancers could use was the same one that the Immortal mercenary group used, creating your own undead.



As long as the mage killed the person or spirit beast, he could turn it into an undead. However, this wasn't really suitable because turning anything into an undead would reduce its level by a lot.



It was precisely because of this that those who were monitoring Zhao were surprised. If that undead was summoned from the ectopic surface, then it should have gone back by now.



Looking at the combat ability of Alien, they could only judge that it had great strength. So if this undead was artificially created, then how high was its level before it got killed? They were all confused.



A mage, under normal circumstances, could only produce low-level undead. If they wanted to make advanced undead, then they would have to pay the cost of their vitality. If that black mage was able to make such an advanced green undead, then why was he still alive?



The Ark Continent was big, but there weren't many places that could produce undead. In fact, there were only two notoriously, fierce places in the entire Continent that could generate their own undead: Carrion Swamp and Deep Magic. These places were two of the five forbidden areas. In the past century, no one has ever made it out alive from those two places, and in the last thousand years, those who did make it out alive died within the next five years.



For this reason, the Carrion Swamp and Deep Magic became off limits. No adventurers went there, because no one wanted to die.



This was also the reason why Zhao blatantly left his undead outside. He had appeared in Montenegro Fortress, and someone could connect that together with the carrion swamp. So Zhao would be known as the black mage crazy enough to go into the swamp, which would not tie him to Adam's identity.



The next day, Zhao's advancing speed wasn't very fast. It could even be said that he was slow, but Zhao deliberately did this. If they wanted cooperation with the Markey company, then they would certainly have to work with someone that they could trust, and the most appropriate person was Laura. However, she had not yet come back from Montenegro Fortress, so Zhao would get to Casa city before her. But it wasn't a big deal. They didn't worry about it and just slowly moved forward.



While they were moving slowly, Green had already gone ahead to Casa city. Right now, the person who was riding on the undead's head while wearing Green's full body armor was one of the slaves.



Green had gone to Casa city to buy a small estate and do some preparatory work. With all eyes focused on Zhao, when Green did these things, it didn't attract anyone's attention.





Of course, even without Green, Zhao wasn't lost since a map was drawn for him, which included the terrain and other roads. His understanding of this world was too little, but he wanted to know more about the surroundings around his home. However, right now he had to focus on his lack of security. With Green not here, Zhao had to be more careful. He was afraid that someone would be tempted to attack them, since now they only had Meirin to fight, so their fighting strength had been cut down by nearly half.



But in fact, Zhao was just thinking too much. With his identity as a black mage that no one dared to doubt, no one would even try to tease him, especially when they saw that undead.



It could only be said that Zhao underestimated the deterrent that black mages have against ordinary mercenaries and adventurers. They would rather offend a powerful warrior than a black mage. If you offended a warrior, then he would just kill you. But if you offended a black mage, you would most likely be tortured to death, then become an undead that would fight for them forever.



Adventurers and mercenaries weren't afraid of death, but they would rather have their bodies eaten by spirit beasts than to become an undead.



For this reason, they didn't want to risk offending a black mage, especially one that could summon something with that much strength.



Although Zhao wasn't moving very fast, he still attracted the attention of the entire Purcell Duchy. Whether they encountered a caravan on the road or an ordinary pedestrian, they attracted a lot of attention, even if for no other reason than the rumors about their fight with the Immortal mercenary group.



The Immortal mercenary group was very famous, to the point where no one dared to offend their existence. And now they had heard that Zhao went to battle against the Immortal mercenary group, yet weren't killed by them. This aroused a lot of people's attention.



No one thought that Zhao had actually seized the whole group. In their opinion, it was impossible for the Immortal mercenary group to be defeated. They had come out unharmed many times from many battles. Even when they fought against the Xinya clan, and were almost destroyed, they still came out of it with hardly any losses in power. So even if Zhao was strong in combat, no one believed that he could catch up to the undead mercenary group's strength.



Now everyone was paying attention to Zhao to see when the Immortal mercenary group would retaliate.



But everyone was significantly let down. Zhao was just going on his way peacefully, with the Immortal mercenary group seemingly absent. Zhao didn't face any trouble, which was so unlike the style of the Immortal mercenary group.



So under the eyes of everyone in the principality of Purcell, Zhao was leisurely heading to Casa city without any rush, almost becoming part of the landscape. They were all confused.



But to achieve his goals, Zhao had to keep all eyes on him, and for no one to pay attention to the Buda clan. Also, he didn't want anyone to pay attention to the fact that outside Casa city, in a small manor on a small mountain, a hundred gold coins was being exchanged.



This small manor was originally built by a businessman, on a remote hill in the mountains outside of Casa city. It was a barren hill, unable to grow anything. The only thing commendable about it was that the estate was built around a spa.



Obviously, the businessman wanted to build this small estate as a hot spring where you could take a vacation. But unfortunately, he later went bankrupt. Because the estate was too remote, no one was willing to buy it. When Green found out about this, he immediately put down one hundred gold coins to buy it.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 73




Chapter 73





Chapter 73 - Outside Casa City



The reason Green chose this small mountain was because, firstly, it was cheaper here. It was only one hundred gold coins to buy the manor and the hill it was on. Secondly, it was close to Casa city. Even with an ordinary carriage, it would take just two days to get to the city. A round trip of four days to deliver the radishes and back was entirely feasible. And third, it was very remote. Under normal circumstances, no one would notice them.



In the hills near Casa city, almost every estate had some kind of aristocratic manor that acted as a holiday resort. It was one of several sources of income for those estates. Buying an estate for this reason was very normal, so no one would pay attention to them.



After Green bought the manor, he immediately went into Casa city to try to find out information. He wanted to know what kind of attitude the Purcell Clan had towards the sudden appearance of the black mage. More importantly, he wanted to find out the prices in the city. Right now their money was running out, leaving them with less than fifty gold coins. And if they wanted to sell their radishes, they had to wait until Laura came back.



Fifty gold coins, although it was a lot for ordinary commoners, for them it was too little. Everything costs a lot in a big city like Casa. He feared that fifty gold coins won't support them for long.



Zhao had been moving slowly on the road. What should have taken seven days had taken them a full ten days to get to Casa city. When he finally made it, he didn't go directly into Casa city, and decided to spend the night outside of it. That was because it was already dark when they got there.



Others believed that Zhao was staying outside the city because it was dark, but in fact he was waiting for Green to come back and tell him what he had arranged and what was the situation in Casa city.



At midnight, Green dove into the undead, followed by a hole opening up, allowing Green to enter the space. Outsiders simply didn't notice this. The space did not belong in their category of magic. Without feeling any magic fluctuations, the ones that were monitoring Zhao didn't discover anything.



Once Green came to see them, Zhao immediately greeted him, then asked, "Grandpa Green, how is it?"



Green smiled. "Rest assured, Master. The arrangements have been made. I bought a small estate outside the city. We can stay there until Laura comes back, then we could make a deal with her."



Zhao was relieved. "That's good. Once we settle in the estate, I also want to go look around Casa city."



"Yes, we should go see Casa city." Green nodded. "These days, I found that the Purcell Clan seemed very attached to our clan. But now that the black mage has sprung up, they're now directing their attention at us, so we should make an appearance."



Green sounded like he was making a contradiction, but Meirin and everyone else understood what he meant. They weren't afraid that the people would check out the identity of the black mage that had suddenly appeared, they were afraid of those that would find out their identity as the Buda clan. So Green wanted Zhao, the black mage, to make an appearance in front of these people to get their attention.



Zhao nodded. "Good, I want to see the way they treat me. But there's one thing I'm worried about, the man behind Drunk and the other undead black mages. It has been ten days since I put Drunk and the rest inside my space, so it's been that long since they have not made contact with that organization. Do you think that organization will doubt our identity?"



“That's not very likely," Green said. "We don't need to be afraid of them. Instead, it





might be better this way if they come to us. As long as they come, we can find some clues about them."



"So much the better," Zhao said. "Tomorrow, we will go to the estate where we will settle, then we will go to Casa city."



Green nodded, but there was a pained look on his face. "Master, even if we go into Casa city, we still can't buy anything. Right now we only have fifty gold coins. This amount of money is really not enough for us to use." They really couldn't do anything with fifty gold coins. He feared that they couldn't even buy the most ordinary oil press, let alone anything else.



Fortunately, Green had already bought a lot of food and supplies before, so within this short time, they would at least not go hungry.



Zhao shook his head. "We don't have to buy anything, we can just go look around the city. Plus we have to let those people know that we are coming."



Green laughed. "Well, when we get to the city, I want to see how those people will react when they take a look at us."



Zhao smiled, but he didn't say anything. He knew that recently Green had felt stuck when the Buda clan was nearly destroyed. In order to keep Adam's life, he had to bow to those big nobles, which was clearly out of line with Green's character. Then he became overwhelmed by the pressure of the daily life in the Black Waste.



But it wasn't the same now. Although they had another identity, now that they could go out into the world and take action, it gave birth to a new feeling in Green.



With their current status, they weren't affected by whether the people welcomed them or not. At least in this capacity, they could now walk outside and not be afraid of those old nobles who were against them.



A person who had never seen the light, but then one day he was finally able to see the light. It was useless to try to describe this feeling with words.



Green, of course, knew that even though their true identity was the Buda clan, he also knew that they had to put on a performance. After all, to not be suspected, sometimes you had to act high-profile to make a good cover.



Acting high-profile, Green was naturally looking forward to it.



But Meirin was frowning. "Master, if we act too high-profiled, would this affect us in the future? Once we sold the radishes and bought some machines, we would then go back to the Black Waste. So when we go back, wouldn't the eyes of those guys be on us?"



Green smiled slightly. "Do not worry about such things yet. When we get to Montenegro Fortress, we can go into the woods and hide there inside the space for a few days. So even if they turn all those mountains over, they will not find us. Then Master could get Drunk to lead the undead into the Black Waste to cause trouble. I don't believe that those who are afraid of the undead will be able to find our castle. This will ensure that there will be no problem."



Meirin and Zhao felt that this way was good. Right now Zhao had a lot of undead, but they didn't have a lot of intelligence. After all, it really wasn't like Zhao could talk with them. The undead just listened to his commands. They were just like robots. Whatever Zhao ordered them to do, they would do it. But they couldn't speak.



Drunk and the undead black mages were different. Not only were they humanoid undead, they were also advanced undead. They had almost the same intelligence as when they were alive. They could easily communicate with Zhao, so he can make them lead the undead into the Black Waste, so outsiders wouldn't be able to easily enter.



People in the Continent may not be necessarily afraid of the Black Waste, but they were definitely afraid of the carrion swamp. And now there will be a lot of undead spirit beasts from that swamp running around, so no one would dare touch the Black Waste.



Of course, if anyone really did want to go see the castle, Zhao didn't mind letting Drunk and the rest of the undead black mages, with each being at the sixth level, take care of them. Their strength, along with more than a thousand undead, was more than enough.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 74




Chapter 74





Chapter 74 - Fire Fish



Zhao was standing bare foot while looking around at all the lush mountains. His heart couldn't help but burst with a smile.



When he first heard that Green bought a small mountain, plus a manor, for only a hundred gold coins, he thought it was strange. It was too cheap, right? But when he arrived at the mountain, he understood why it was so cheap. Really, it should have been cheaper.



The small mountain had no specialty other than stone. Everywhere you looked, you could see blue stones with weeds growing between the crevices. This was not a great estate. The whole mountain gave the impression of a guy who was wearing a hat so small that it revealed half of his scalp, which only had a few strands of hair. It looked extremely awkward.



Green, who was standing beside Zhao, naturally saw Zhao's face, and he couldn't help but feel embarrassed. He already knew that this mountain was horrendous. But there was no way they could buy any land close to Casa city with a high price. With the money they had, only this mountain was suitable for them. Green knew that Zhao wasn't satisfied, so he quickly said, "Master, this mountain may not seem like much, but it does have a small manor with a hot spring."



Zhao saw that Green was afraid that he wouldn't like the mountain and manor, so he said, "It's nothing much, but it's still a good place."



Green nodded. To be honest, he didn't really think about it much when he bought this place, other than it was cheap and not too far away from Casa city. If Zhao thought it was fine, then he wouldn't worry about it.



Meirin and Meg was also standing beside Zhao, and although they didn't mention it, they were both dissatisfied with the mountain when they saw it.



Zhao didn't care, and instead went back into the room of the undead's body, then directed it to walk up the hill. He really wanted to see the inside of the estate.



There was a stone road, about five meters wide, that went from the bottom of the hill to the top. The road was clearly not paved with stone blocks, but with natural stones found on this small mountain. Still, when Zhao looked at the road, he thought it was strange. In his past life, although he had never lived on a mountain, he was very clear on the fact that the roads that led carts up the mountain would generally be winding roads.



The so-called winding road would go up the mountain at a gradual angle, by circling upwards. Although this would make the road longer, it created a slope that was conducive in allowing vehicles to move up the mountain.



But the road that Zhao was on went straight to the top of the hill. Inevitably, this created a steep road. If it was in his past life, this would hobble carriages, making it difficult for horses to pull anything as it climbed.



However, Zhao didn't say anything, because he also discovered that there were traces of carriages going up this road, indicating that this route had been used. He also knew that he couldn't judge the Ark Continent based on what he learned on Earth, so he didn't say anything as he directed his undead to walk up the hill.



Soon they came in front of the estate. Its three meter high blue stone walls seemed very strong, with some moss growing here and there, while a lot of paint had chipped off its tall wooden doors. It appeared that it had been a long time since someone took care of the place.



Zhao and everyone else got out from the undead and went up to the wooden door. The door was two meters tall and nearly five meters wide, with paint falling off, revealing the original color of the wood.



Green stepped forward and forced open the doors, giving off a shrill, squeaking sound.



When the door opened,





Zhao's eyes brightened. They got a good view of a yard that wasn't any smaller than their castle square.



In this yard was a row of four houses made out of wood and stone, with two meter wide doors, one meter wide windows, and flat roofs. It seemed like these four houses were used as living rooms and reception areas for outsiders. These houses were a bit worn, with many places that were cracked. However, if you wanted to live somewhere that could avoid strong winds, then this place was possible.



Zhao looked at these houses and was satisfied. The manor might not look good, but what did it matter. Almost all of the buildings were built with blue stones as the main material. It was very strong. Although this place hasn't been well taken care of, despite the wind and rain over the years, it didn't suffer any great damage.



Everyone went into the houses and found that the rooms were empty. There was no furniture, so the rooms could be considered fairly spacious. Simply tidy it up, and a person could live here without a problem.



Through this row of houses, they discovered a large patio-style courtyard. In the middle of it was a tree with leaves that were similar to ginkgo, though Zhao didn't actually know what species this tree was.



There was also a small ditch where water was flowing. Zhao was surprised when, from time to time, he could see a few small fish.



Patios, trees, water, and fish, arranged in a very nice way in this courtyard, almost like Chinese-style buildings from ancient times. It could soothe the mind of any trace of anger.



Zhao nodded with satisfaction, then he turned and asked. "Grandpa Green, this environment is really good. But the water isn't so deep and it must be cold in the winter, so why didn't these small fish freeze to death?"



Not waiting for Green to speak, Meirin and smiled and said, "Master, I think that this must be hot spring water. The water temperature is never low, and you might not recognize that these small fish are called fire fish. They're tropical fish with thermal properties. Strange to say, these fish must have been chosen for their properties related to fire and that they can only survive in warm water. If the water temperature was too low, they would freeze to death. This fish is a rare delicacy. They taste delicious, with smooth and delicate meat. I heard that even the king would use these fish to entertain foreign guests. It is fine cuisine."



Zhao was surprised. He really didn't think that there would be such a fish. He crouched down and reached into the ditch, and sure enough the water was warm, even a little hot. The temperature never seemed to be below thirty degrees celsius. Not only were these fish able to survive in these temperatures, they were able to live comfortably.



He watched as the fish swam around in a relaxed manner, then he tried to grab one. But he didn't think that the fish would be able to turn so flexibly in the water, fleeing away from Zhao's clutches.



When Zhao didn't catch a fish, he stood up. "Well, it seems like in the future we will be able to raise some fish. While I release a few undead on the hill to keep us alert, lets also let the slaves out. They haven't breathed fresh air for so many days."



Green smiled. "Yes, ah, letting them come out is good. Maybe they could work on the blue stones in this mountain. I have read that these stones are very hard, a good material to make stone tools. Master, what about using it to make that mill stone? Wouldn't it be a good opportunity to make it now?"



Zhao nodded, then laughed and said, "Grandpa Green, it seems that this time we really picked up a treasure. There is a hot spring, fire fish that we can raise, stones to make what we need, and soon we will make a lot of money."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 75




Chapter 75





Chapter 75 - Level Up



Mark quietly lurked through the woods. The woods were very tall, mostly only having shrubs. But it was because of these shrubs that the grass here was able to grow long and dense, which was suitable for him to hide himself in.



Mark Purcell was a specially trained killer. His training methods weren’t the same as a warrior's. It was mostly based on a number of light-weights, disguises, sneaking, and assassination. It was an alternative type of training that major clans would give to a few members who weren't afraid of death.



This time the task that the clan gave him was simple. He had to monitor Stony Mountain, because there were some rumors of a black mage named Zhao. This small mountain seemed to have been bought by him, and his clan wanted to know what Zhao was going to do with it.



Mark made it halfway up the mountain when he saw a chaotic situation among the rocks.



Although he didn't see what was happening inside the manor, the outside of the estate couldn't escape his eyes. There was a layer of black fog enveloping the manor. He was very clear on the fact that this wasn't the usual mist that formed around Stony Mountain, but something that could only be made by a black mage. In addition to the darkness, he could see many undead wandering around the mountain. Their large size, dark green color, and eyes that flashed with red fire. Even though Mark was a highly trained killer, his heart felt scared.



It was because of these undead that Mark didn't dare get closer to the manor. He was very good at stealth and assassination, but he feared these undead because they might determine his location without even seeing him. Everyone in the Continent knew that the undead desired fresh flesh. No matter how you tried to hide yourself, as long as you were a living creature, you couldn't fool the undead.



Mark wanted to know what those people were doing on this mountain, but unfortunately, he couldn't see anything and could only lie there waiting.



Since Zhao couldn't use black magic, he certainly didn't create that black fog. That spell was casted by Drunk. It was just an added effect to make people more sure that Zhao was a black mage.



Right now, what Zhao eventually named Blue Stone Hills estate, was very busy. The slaves, now free from the space, were busy cleaning up the manor, putting in the furniture, and making a variety of tools.



This place wasn't the same as Iron Mountain, which barely had any trees and was difficult to find stones that they could mine. Because that mountain had already been hollowed out by dwarves, if they mine randomly, it might collapse.



Stony Mountain was different. The mountain was full of blue stones that they could use, plus the other mountains around them had forests. If it wasn't another person's private domain, then they were free to cut down those trees. So now they could rest assured because of this and had plenty of materials to make tools.



However, Zhao didn't immediately send anyone to go around the mountains to cut down trees. In any case, it wasn't like those tree could run away. Now he just made his undead gather stones and then ship them back to the manor, allowing Ann and the slaves to use them. This way, they were able to make several discs for the mill stones. However, Zhao thought that it wasn't enough. They had a lot of corn, and just a few discs wasn't much. Plus they also had to make a variety of tools.



As for the outsiders, Zhao knew that when they arrived at Stony Mountain, there would be people keeping an eye on them, but he didn't care. He had already become accustomed to it.



Meirin had suggested to cover the manor in a blanket of darkness. Do not forget, Zhao's identity was supp





osed to be a black mage, who were usually secretive and mysterious.



The estate wasn't that big. It only took half a day for a hundred people to finish cleaning it. Once they were done, Zhao chose a room for himself in the manor. The original owner, Henry, could be considered very intelligent. He had built the manor so that hot water would flow into the rooms, creating spa pools. There was one in the bedroom that Zhao chose.



The only source of water in Stony Mountain came from the hot springs. When the owner built the manor, he took the time to plan it. The water would be divided so they could use it in several different ways. One was for bathing, the other was for drinking, and the last was for the fish.



It could be said that although the manor's appearance didn't look very good, the inside was very well built, apparently designed by a famous expert.



Since everyone in the manor was busy, Zhao didn't have the time to properly soak in the spa. He had to wait until the evening. After dinner, Zhao returned to his room and took his black robe off, then he got into the spa.



Out of the entire estate, his room, which was the biggest room, had the largest spa, which was about ten square meters. The other rooms only had spa pools that were two meters long and one meter wide.



But this manor was built very well. Every bedroom had a spa, which was very extraordinary. And the drainage system was good too. After washing yourself in a bath, you just simply pulled the cork and the water would drain away. It wasn't just convenient, but also hygienic.



Zhao was sitting in his spa, releasing a sigh at how comfortable he was. He didn't know how long it has been since he took a bath. In the Black Waste, because of limited conditions, he could only clean himself by wiping his body. There was no way to comfortably take a bath, but now he finally had the chance.



Gently paddling his fingers, Zhao softly said, "Ah, it feels nice to bathe in a hot spring after a long day. I wonder what will happen if I put this water in the space. I should take a look at the quality of the water."



His hand made a move and a space hole appeared next to him. A surge of hot spring water then flowed into the hole, which then closed. Fortunately, today the slaves were sleeping outside the space, otherwise Zhao would have woken them up.



Once the hot water was in the space, the voice immediately rang out: [High-grade hot spring water contains a variety of beneficial minerals. Extracting useful minerals. Spatial water has been upgraded. Your level has risen to six. The space has reached the necessary requirements. Increasing size for hot springs. You will be rewarded with a bag of broccoli seeds, enough to plant two acres]



Zhao froze for a moment. He knew that there would be a reaction when he put the hot spring water into the space, just like last time with the underground lake water from Iron Mountain, but he didn't think that it would be this good. Did the voice mention a hot spring? What did that mean? Zhao couldn't wait. With a thought, while naked, he stepped into the space.



Zhao discovered that the space was different. Not only was there the spatial water spring in front of his hut, in addition to that was another spring where steam was coming out. It looked like the temperature was definitely not low.



It was a good thing that no one else was in the space because Zhao was in his bare buttocks when he quickly ran to the hot springs. The spa looked promising, but he didn't dare to touch it. With the steaming hot water, he feared that the temperature may be very high, maybe even eighty degrees celsius.



A high temperature of eighty degrees could boil eggs, so Zhao naturally didn't put his hand into the water. If he wanted to soak in a hot spring, he could just go back to his room's spa.



Taking one last look around the space, he saw that nothing else had changed. The oil fruits were growing well, and the corn were also looking good. He might be able to harvest them tomorrow.



Zhao stepped outside the space and back into his spa pool. Lying there quietly, he calculated with his hands.



Right now he had about two hundred and forty thousand catty of radishes, his oil fruits were growing in their eleventh batch, and he had around four hundred and ninety five thousand catty of corn, which had just gone through their twenty sixth batch. Also, two days ago he stopped growing corn for awhile and started planting wheat, cabbages, and eggplants. Now he had thirty two thousand catty of wheat, twenty thousand catty of eggplants, and twenty thousand catty of cabbages. Plus his space had six hundred gold coins, and he had just gotten a bag of broccoli seeds. The remaining seeds were just pasture seeds. All of these things were what Zhao currently had.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 76




Chapter 76





Chapter 76 - Casa City



These things seemed like a lot, but there was little money in most of it. The highest yield crops were corn and oil fruits, but nobody wanted to buy corn, and oil fruits weren’t worth a lot.



The eggplants and cabbages were planted by Zhao so that he could make a lot of different dishes, but he feared that no one on the Continent would buy them, meaning no money.



The only thing he had that was worth a good price were the radishes. Right now his space only had six hundred gold coins, but that wasn’t enough for the future development of the Buda clan, so he could only rely on these radishes.



As for the corn, Zhao was ready to harvest all of his corn tomorrow, then maybe he could plant some broccoli, though the amount of broccoli seeds he had was only enough for two acres. Maybe he could just use the other two acres to grow wheat, since he had wheat seeds in his barn.



Right now the kinds of seeds he had on hand was too little. When he was on the road, Zhao didn’t collect any seeds of other plants, because people had been staring at him. If he collected any seeds, it would make the people look at him strangely, so Zhao didn’t fool around.



Also, Zhao had thought, even if he collected seeds, he alone wouldn’t be able to get enough. Even if he was more powerful, how many seeds could he actually collect? It was too uneconomical. Instead, after he makes money and some preparations, he could just put out a task for mercenaries and adventurers to do it.



In this world, as long as you had money, you could make mercenaries and adventurers do any task that you requested. Even if you asked for the king of the Aksu Empire to be assassinated, there would be people who would take care of it, if you could afford it.



Zhao, while sitting in the spa pool, was brooding over these things. But right now he had too little money available, and his enemies were too strong, so Zhao decided to maintain his customary low key style.



Suddenly, Zhao was hit by a feeling of tiredness. He shook his head. After soaking in the spa, he actually felt faint. Standing up, he picked up a towel and dried his body, then he went into his bedroom where there was a pot of tea. Pouring himself a cup, he sat on the bed and quietly drank it.



Zhao’s body felt weak. He knew that he had been in the hot spa too long. He had been living with too much pressure lately, so he wanted to be lazy for awhile. Lying there quietly in the spa had felt nice.



But now it was time for bed. Calming his emotions, Zhao decided to get a good night’s sleep. Tomorrow, they will be going to Casa city. He really wanted to see why it was known as the pearl of the northern parts of Aksu Empire.



This was going to be Zhao’s first time going into one of the big cities. He really did have some expectations. Although Adam had lived in the capital, which was the largest and most prosperous city in the Aksu Empire, for Zhao, those memories were like watching a movie in his head. It didn’t feel real. That was why he was looking forward to going to Casa city.



The night passed without words. The slaves were sleeping peacefully outside the space, in the open air.



The next morning, everyone woke up in high spirits. Most of the rooms had a spa, so the slaves were able to take a nice bath.



After breakfast, the slaves went into the space again to learn to read and write words, then Zhao got into his undead and moved straight towards Casa city.



From here to there, if they were riding by carriage, it would be two days away, but Zhao was riding inside an undead. Compared to horses, its speed wasn’t that bad, and since it leveled up, it was even faster. Also, horses would eventually become tired, while his undead





just kept on going.



Now it only took a little over half a day before Zhao made it to Casa city.



Because of the few mountains around the city, its walls weren’t traditionally square shaped, but circular. The walls were nearly thirty meters high with six meters of thickness, and it had eighteen gates. Stuck to the wall was the flag of the Purcell clan, looking majestic. From time to time, teams of soldiers would patrol the walls, heroic looking in their silver armors while holding shining weapons. Everything showed that this was an extraordinary place.



Zhao was standing beneath the walls, looking straight up. He had never seen walls like these before, because in his past life he had only lived in a modern city. Looking at these imposing walls, he couldn’t help but think of those ancient Chinese cities. You could definitely count on these walls to stop the momentum of any army.



Zhao could only marvel at them.



By now, Zhao had already returned his undead into the space. The general rule of big cities, like Casa city, was that there was a warning area about five hundred meters away from the walls. If you weren’t someone malicious, then it was best to put your summons away, otherwise the defenders of the city would be likely to count you as malicious and then attack you.



Zhao didn’t know this, but Green did. About five meters away from Casa city, he made Zhao put away his undead. Although they wanted people’s attention on them, that didn’t mean that they wanted to stir up trouble. As long as they maintained a high profile, there was no need to cause trouble. And if they fight, it might expose their secrets.



Green didn’t understand why Zhao had stopped and stared up at the city walls. Such an action could easily lead to suspicion. If it weren’t for those defenders seeing that he was a mage, Green feared that they would have already been questioned.



Fortunately, Zhao only looked for a moment, then recovered. He walked towards the city, followed by Green and Meg. Meirin didn’t go with them because Zhao didn’t want the people to know the full extent of their power.



Zhao waved and walked towards the gate. In front of the gate were two big boxes, which had one word written on it: tax. It appeared to be boxes designed to collect taxes. If the people wanted to go through the gates, they had to put money into the box, or they will be stopped.



However, Zhao didn’t have to pay the tax. He remembered what Green had told him, that mages could live tax-free.



Of course, it didn’t mean that wearing a mage’s robe would make you exempt. If you wanted to live tax-free, you had to go register at the Mage Association and get a badge. No badge, no exceptions.



But Zhao was an exception. Although he didn’t have a mage’s badge, the defenders had already seen him put away his undead. This indicated his identity as a mage, so those defenders didn’t dare block him.



There were a lot of black mages on the Continent that didn’t register with the Mage Association. Except for places like Montenegro Fortress, no one would dare pretend to be a black mage.



Once they got closer to the gate, Green again reminded Zhao of what to do, because he feared that if Zhao’s performance as a black mage was too moderate, then it might arouse suspicions.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 77




Chapter 77





Chapter 77 - Mage Association



The three slowly walked towards the city, and sure enough, not only did the defenders of the city not stop them, they even formed a ceremonial line, allowing Zhao to go through. In this world, as long as you had strength, you were respected.



They entered the gate, and were hit by a confusing scene. The road was nearly a meter wide, with pedestrians coming and going like flies. Along the roadside were some stalls and shops. Apparently, there wasn't any urban management here. Everyone was crying out, and from time to time the pedestrians would stop and buy something from them. It was extremely lively.



The people on the street were divided into several kinds. Some were just ordinary people dressed in linen, while others wore leather helmets and the clothes of a warrior. But there was hardly anybody wearing mage robes walking in the street.



Just then, a voice called out. "Dear mage, would you like to hire my carriage. It's very comfortable and cheap. I grew up in Casa city, so I know every single street. I can send you anywhere you want to go."



Zhao looked around and spotted a coachman sitting on a parked carriage. The carriage was pulled by a big red horse, while its wagon was painted black with a beautiful pattern.



Zhao didn't know what the horse was, but Green recognized it. Although the horse looked good, it was just an ordinary spirit beast. It definitely didn't match with Zhao's identity.



But even if it didn't match, they had just arrived at Casa city and were still unfamiliar with it, plus they didn't have that much money so they naturally couldn't buy their own carriage. And in this city, it was impossible to freely use magic to summon, so he couldn't just call out his undead. The only way they could find their way around was to hire a carriage.



Green went to the driver and asked, "What's your name? And how much would it cost to hire you for a day?"



The driver didn't think that things would go so smoothly. You know, mages weren't generally short on money, so they would rarely hire a common carriage. He didn't even expect that they would ask him for the price.



The driver quickly answered. "Dear mage, my carriage is very cheap, only one silver per day. And my name is Rocky."



Green threw out a silver coin and said, "I'll hire you for a day." Then he turned around and spoke to Zhao. "Master, please get on."



Zhao nodded. He got on, followed by Meg. The carriage's wagon was very large, able to fit six people. But Green didn't get in the wagon, and instead sat next to Rocky. "Send us to the Mage Association," Green said.



The Mage Association was an organization of the Continent, with each Empire having their own independent association. The Mage Association was specifically set up to serve mages, and not to manage them. In an Empire, a mage had equal status to the nobility, so the association didn't dare to manage them, and would only provide necessary services.



Every mage that was registered with the Mage Association would get ten gold coins per month in subsidies, but of course, few mages cared about that small amount of money. However, registering with the association provided a lot of other benefits. For example, a mage badge would make you exempt from a lot of things that were imposed on others.



Registering as a mage in the association was easy since their policy was very liberal. There was nothing like a test. All you had to do was show off your magic to prove that you were a mage, then you can register with the Mage Association.



Of course, mages going through the registration would be graded with different levels. If you just show off a





little magic, you could only register as a mage of the lowest level. That would mean that the only benefits you could get were ten gold coins per month and living tax-free. But if you showed that your strength was at a high level, you would get more services and benefits.



For example, if Zhao had an advanced mage badge, then when he got to the city gate, the association would immediately send a carriage to pick them up. Everything would be arranged for them, their living expenses would be reimbursed, and they would get a monthly allowance ranging between one hundred and one thousand gold coins. Of course, to get this badge, you would need to have enough strength that was at least at the sixth level.



One of the reasons Green came to this city was for Zhao to get a mage badge. It would give them a lot of conveniences.



When Green told Rocky to go to the Mage Association, he saluted and drove his carriage straight towards the association.



The Mage Association was a very special presence in the Empire. They directly got their funding from state finance, specifically to provide services for mages. In the Empire, mages were a very popular career. Even if you were just a stage magician, there would be a lot of people lining up to get on your good side. The only possible exception were the black mages.



Because black mages were very weird, those among the aristocracy didn't want to meet them. Only a few businessmen might visit a black mage. So most black mages usually become mercenaries or risk takers, since they were still very popular among mercenaries.



Compared to other types of mages, the life of a black mage was the most difficult. Other mages were treated as nobles, while black mages were more like commoners.



There were many black mages that would only be issued ten gold coins a month by the Mage Association. You know, learning magic was very costly. You had to buy magic materials and wands, as well as have enough money to eat and drink. Everything was going to cost you.



The Mage Association in Casa city was very impressive. It was a three-story building with an area of one thousand square meters, just two blocks away from the main street.



Directly above the building's door was a large badge that was the symbol for a mage: a hexagram. The hexagram represented the six basic elements of nature: light, dark, wind, water, fire, earth. It was the mark for all mages.



After Rocky stopped the carriage, Green jumped down and opened the wagon's door, letting Zhao and Meg come out of the carriage. They then walked towards the building, but the three didn't even take two steps before a fat man came out quickly. The man was wearing servant clothes, but the fabric was made out of the finest silk. Along with his fat body, his clothing style looked inconsistent. He looked like a nobleman, and not like a servant.



The fat man quickly walked in front of Zhao and bowed. "Dear mage, your servant, Carl, has come here to serve you."



Zhao froze for a moment. He didn't think that the association would send out a servant to serve a mage. However, he still remembered what Green told him, so he just grunted and proudly walked inside.



The first floor of the building obviously was a place to rest. It was divided into two areas. One of them had some couches and a coffee table, while the other had a few dining tables. This was part of the Mage Association's rules. If you were registered with them, you could rest and dine here for free.



Zhao went to the lounge and sat down on one of the sofas. When fat Carl saw Zhao sit down, he immediately waved at one of the other servants, who turned and went into the kitchen, then came out with a pot of tea and some cups.



After putting the cups down, Carl personally poured tea for Zhao, then bowed and stood there. "Dear mage, how else may I serve you?"



Zhao didn't touch the cup of tea. He just sat there and waved at Green, who said, "Carl, we are here today for a registration."



"It is my pleasure to serve such a great mage," Carl quickly said. "Sir, please come with me to the back so we can get you started on our registration procedures."



Zhao gently nodded, then stood up. They followed Carl as he led them to the back of the hall, not seeing the naked flashing in Carl's eyes from time to time. Apparently, he wasn't such a simple character.



Even Green didn't know that in addition of being in charge of the Mage Association, Carl was also an intelligence agent for the Purcell Duchy. In fact, he knew exactly when Zhao came into the city. If he wasn't trying to know more about Zhao, he wouldn't have personally come meet them. Under normal circumstances, a registering mage wouldn't get such a personal reception.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 78




Chapter 78





Chapter 78 - Unusual Performance



Behind the association's building was a large open space with a length and width of one hundred meters. Some distance away, set at ten meter intervals, were targets that were used to test magic.



All mages that wanted to register with the Mage Association had to cast a spell to prove that they were a mge, and also for the association to know what rating to give them.



Once they got to the grounds, Cart turned to Zhao and said, "Dear mage, please use your magic. Any magic will do. If you want to get an advanced mage badge, then use some advanced magic." He then stepped aside and quietly watched Zhao.



No one knew this, but although Carl wasn't a mage, due to his prolonged contact with mages over the years, he had gained some knowledge on magic and his ability to sense magic power was very sensitive. As long as a mage used magic, he would be able to analyze a mage's level. Eight times out of ten, his judgment would be correct.



It was because of Carl's judgment that he was able to have an inseparable relationship with the Mage Association for decades. Carl slowly built up their system to rate mages, by checking their magic control, what type of magic they used, how proficient they were at incantations, etc... which all reflected a mage's level.



There were a lot of mages that didn't have a low level, but this wasn't proportional to their fighting strength. Those mages have not experienced a lot of combat, so they lacked the capacity to respond and control their magic in tight situations.



Thanks to his superior judgment, Carl was able to ride the Purcell clan's coattails and become head of their Mage Association. Usually, those who served the association at a high level position were mages.



When Zhao entered Casa city, Carl got the news that he was heading to the Mage Association to register, so he immediately decided that he should personally go greet Zhao. In the end, he wanted to know what level Zhao was.



It had to be recognized that most people in the Continent would instinctively reject black mages, including the Purcell Clan. However, when the Markey Clan got news of Zhao's fighting strength, the Purcell Clan had to pay attention to him. If a mage was at a high enough level, clans would want to form a relationship with him no matter what type of magic he used. That was because high level mages were equivalent to nuclear weapons. Although they might not necessarily use such a weapon, it would be enough to deter an enemy just by having it.



If a famous mage in the Continent went to the Purcell Duchy, the Purcell Clan would warmly receive him, even if they couldn't pull that mage into their clan.



But for Zhao, the Purcell clan took a more calm attitude. They didn't take any initiative to get close to him, even though Zhao was very strong. That was because one of the principles of this large clan was that ability takes second place. Loyalty takes first place. The world has so many people, but those who were loyal were few. Even if your abilities were strong, if you always revolted, then no one would dare use you. That was the policy of the Purcell clan. If you were an eighth level mage, but you weren't loyal to them, then they wouldn't use you. They would rather have two loyal seventh level mages, than an unloyal eighth level mage.



Zhao's identity was still a secret and they couldn't find out much about him, so this made the Purcell clan reluctant to draw him in. Right now the Purcell clan was developing well since they had managed to establish their own principality. They weren't adventurous, especially towards unknown factors, so even though Zhao had great strength, if they got him to join their clan, they wouldn't be able to rest well with wh





at little they knew about him. So they gave him the cold treatment.



But despite the cold treatment, they still had to pay attention to him. After all, since Zhao was now in Casa city, the Purcell Clan's face wouldn't look good if they didn't do anything.



Zhao didn't think too much about all of this. He just knew that he was short on money and registering at the Mage Association would at least give him an income of ten gold coins per month. To most mages, this was probably nothing, but it was very important to Zhao. The amount of money the Buda clan had could only add up to fifty gold coins, so this income was equal to a fifth of what they had.



Of course, Zhao knew that he would get an advanced mage badge as long as he released some undead, but he didn't know how much strength he should let these people see. Being too high profile wasn't part of Zhao's character.



In the end, without incantations, he just held up his staff and his undead appeared at his side.



Zhao didn't call out his army of undead. He just wanted to do enough to prove that he could do magic, even though it was actually pseudo-magic.



With the emergence of Alien, Carl's eyes widened. He had worked for the Mage Association for many decades and have seen countless mages using magic. Some of the magic was beautiful, while others were ugly. Some took a long time to cast, while others only took a short amount of time. But Zhao's casting time was really short. He just held up his magic staff and he was finished? Wasn't this a huge exaggeration?



Zhao gently touched his undead. Like a puppy, when Alien was touched by his owner, it madly wagged its tail, almost killing Carl. Feeling scared, Carl quickly jumped away.



After a while, Zhao returned his undead. Carl still wasn't reacting, so Green had to ask, "Did my master pass the test?"



Carl quickly recovered. "Yes, dear mage. This way please." He led everyone back to the seating area.



Once Zhao was sitting in the lounge, Carl turned and ran, then returned with some paper, which he put on the table in front of Zhao. "Dear mage, please fill out this form. This will complete all the formalities."



Zhao took the piece of paper and carefully looked through it. He found that it was very simple. He just needed to fill in the blank about his name, age, sex, and other basic things.



Zhao nodded, then gave the paper to Meg, who understood what Zhao meant. Carl then gave them a pen.



While looking at Zhao's performance, Carl's heart was crying. There were no rules that said a mage had to fill out the form himself, but most registering mages would do so. This was out of respect towards the Mage Association. The association was a national organization, so even those who weren't part of it would still show a little respect.



Carl had wanted Zhao to fill out the form, so as to collect some more information about Zhao. In the Continent, there were special handwriting appraisers that could learn all kinds of things from looking at someone's handwriting. Carl was planning to send the form to the Purcell clan, who could hire someone to analyze the handwriting and see if they could find any clues to Zhao's identity.



But he didn't expect that Zhao wasn't going to fill out the form himself, and instead got Meg to fill it out. His plans had been dashed. This made Carl highly wary of Zhao. In his opinion, everything Zhao did was intentional. It showed that he was trying to cover up his identity, which only dangerous people would do.



In fact, from the very beginning, Carl had been constantly observing Zhao. He saw Zhao’s attitude to the people around him and found that he acted like an orthodox nobleman. He had sent Zhao some tea just to see what he would do, but Zhao didn’t even touch the cup of tea. And so far, Zhao didn’t speak, so he couldn’t judge anything from the sound of his voice. His plans just kept dropping off.



Now his plan for him to fill out the form had also failed, which made Carl feel a deep impression from Zhao. He thought that Zhao must be a famous person on the Continent, but his reputation was certainly not good, so he had to cover his identity.



So what was Zhao’s true identity? Carl had no idea.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 79




Chapter 79





Chapter 79 - Poison



Zhao looked at the badge in his hands. This wasn't an ordinary low mage badge, but an intermediate one. This badge was personally handed to him by Carl, along with one hundred gold coins.



Green didn't think that Carl would give Zhao such a high assessment. Zhao had just summoned a single undead, and he didn't use any other magic. Yet, he was able to get an intermediate mage badge.



Anyway, an extra one hundred gold coins would be a solution to their urgent needs. This would only add to the future development of the Buda clan.



The three went out to the carriage. Green looked up at the sky, then turned to Zhao. "Master, let's go get something to eat right now. We'll go to one of the restaurants owned by the Markey company."



There were a lot of places in the city that sold a variety of things for living, but they were different from the restaurant and hotel industry. Those places that sold daily supplies were usually on the low end, but you had to take the high road to get to the restaurants and hotels. To eat a meal there didn't just take a few coins. You should know that even one gold coin was sufficient enough for a common household to live on for a month.



Zhao nodded, then got into the carriage. Green told Rocky where to go, who drove his carriage until they stopped in front of a restaurant. This restaurant in Casa city was even bigger than the Mage Association, about four stories tall.



When the carriage stopped, a man dressed in gorgeous leather armor came out. The armor looked beautiful, painted with a layer of reflective blue paint, which made him look sparkling. The clothes seemed to be the security uniform of the Markey Clan’s restaurant.



The man went to the carriage and bowed. "With respect, sir, your carriage is not allowed to stay here. Please follow me over here."



Green didn't argue with him. Instead, he got down from the carriage and opened the door, allowing Meg and Zhao to get out. The three then walked into the restaurant while security directed Rocky to park somewhere else.



When the three went into the restaurant, two beautiful girls dressed in waitress uniforms immediately greeted them and bowed. "Welcome to the Light Prism restaurant, dear mage. Do you have a reservation?"



Zhao didn't say anything. Green just came up and handed them the gold medal. The two girls looked at the gold medal carefully, then gave it back to Green and bowed again.



Green at once said, "Arrange a room for us. We have come here to dine."



The two girls escorted the three into the restaurant and arranged a room for them on the third floor. The rooms in the third floor weren't that much, only there for those who just wanted to eat a meal. Once they were there, Green randomly pointed out two dishes he wanted to order and some soup. Once he finished, Green calculated that the food would cost about ten gold coins, but the ingredients to make it was only one gold coin. Ah, they were really profiteering off of their customers.



After they made their order, the waitress immediately brought them a pot of tea. Zhao didn't move, waiting until they were served their dishes. Once they received their food, Green closed the door to the room and Zhao was finally able to take off his hat. He breathed out. "This was suffocating me. What kind of life would you have if you always had to wear these clothes?"



Green smiled. "It must have been uncomfortable to be unable to speak."



"But worth it," Zhao said. "Anyway, today could be considered a good day since we gained one hundred gold coins, Grandpa Green. Maybe we should buy some meat and give it to the slaves to improve their lives."





/>

"Although we were able to get one hundred gold coins," Green said, "we don't know when Laura would come back, so we should hold on to the money and save it for later."



Zhao nodded helplessly. He had been a little too excited about the one hundred gold coins. If they were to spend it in such a place like Casa city, he feared that it would only last an hour before the money runs out.



Meg poured a cup of tea and held it in front of Zhao. "Master, have some tea."



Zhao nodded, then took the cup. Meg then gave a cup of tea to Green.



Zhao was about to drink from the cup, when suddenly there came a tone and the voice said: [Discovery of toxic substances. Opening host protection program. Extracting toxins. Toxin analysis complete. A chronic neurotoxin that would cause severe damage to the human nervous system. Expected time of death in three hours. Creating the antidote. Antidote creation complete. Please drink the spatial water. Using newly discovered toxins to strengthen robotic objects]



Zhao froze in amazement, then he immediately put down the cup. He looked at Green who was about to take a drink. "Stop! Grandpa Green, the tea is poisoned!"



Green stopped for a moment, then his face changed. He immediately put his cup down on the table and rushed towards the door. He opened it and looked out, finding no one. He then closed the door and sat back down at the table. "Master, is the tea really poisoned?"



Zhao nodded. "Ah, it's a chronic poison. But you don't have to worry, Grandpa Green. The antidote to the poison is already in the spatial water, so you can rest assured."



Green was still frowning. "We're in a restaurant that belongs to the Markey company, so it should be impossible for others to try to poison us. The only culprit is the Markey clan. But why would they want to deal with us?"



Zhao wrinkled his brow. It was strange. Supposedly the Markey clan should have no reason to try to kill them, since they had even helped out members of the Markey clan earlier. But if it wasn't the Markey clan that did it, who else would it be?



Meg suddenly spoke up. "Master, Grandpa, I think that the Markey clan attacked us because of the infighting within their clan. Couldn't that be the reason?"



Zhao and Green hadn't thought of that, but it made sense. Green nodded his head. "That's most likely true. We had shown them the gold medal, which must certainly be an important thing, otherwise why would Laura give it to us as thanks for saving her life. Generally, that gold medal should have announced us as important guests, yet the person in charge of this restaurant didn't come out to greet us. If the person in charge didn't appear, then there must be a problem."



Zhao frowned. "It seems like we have stumbled into the Markey clan's internal struggles. They told the Immortal mercenary group what Laura was doing, and when the group failed to kill her because of us, they might have mistaken us as enemies."



Green nodded. "Master, I think we should leave at once."



Zhao laughed slightly. "Why should we leave? The food's already here. I wanted to see if they poisoned the food or not. If they really dared to do that, I would burn down this restaurant."



Zhao felt ignited. Although he was an otaku that wanted to remain low key, that didn't mean he doesn't feel anger. An honest man wasn't the same as a man without a temper.



Although they still weren't completely sure who was behind this poisoning incident, only the infighting within the Markey clan could have caused it.



"Did you think that your internal struggles had anything to do with me? I was just passing by and saved Laura's life from the Immortal mercenary group. Just for that, you would go so far as to poison me?" Zhao thought to himself.



While thinking that, he picked up a knife and fork and ate the food. To be honest, it tasted delicious. But it wasn't toxic. Zhao told everyone that the food wasn't poisoned.



But just to be sure, Zhao added some spatial water to the pot, which would detoxify the poison. While drinking the water during dinner, no one was afraid of poisoning.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 80




Chapter 80





Chapter 80 - Leveling Up an Undead



Satiated, they paid their check.



While doing so, Green paid some attention to the attitude of the waitress. He wanted to see if he could spot any clues from her face. If the waitress was behind the poisoning incident, it would show.



However, Green was disappointed because he could see nothing wrong. Even when Green gave her a tip, her actions were quite satisfactory.



Since Green didn't see anything, he followed behind Zhao as they left the restaurant.



They then immediately left the city, since there was no reason to stay. Plus, Green wanted to do some fishing. He believed that the people who tried to poison them would like to see the results. Poisoning a black mage was dangerous, because there were black mages who were masters at poison, so they couldn't be sure if their toxins had worked.



It was precisely because of this that Green believed that those people would come see if they had been poisoned or not. If the three stayed in the city, they wouldn't be able to move around freely, and they might cause a big enough disturbance for the Purcell clan to intervene. Green didn't want to pull the Purcell clan into this conflict. He wanted to deal with the people who would dare poison them.



Once they were outside the city, Zhao took out his undead and rode on it as they hurried towards Stony Mountain. As of now it would take two hours for the poison to take effect. Zhao calculated the time as he started pretending to look more and more poisoned.



Up til now, Zhao had not seen a trace of their enemies, but Green was sure that someone must be following them. Of course, trained killers from large clans wouldn't be so easily found.



The season was spring and it was four in the afternoon, so the sky was still bright. Although the darkness of night would have been more favorable for Zhao to lure his enemies out, the poison didn't give them that much time, so he decided to go near the mountains where they could be alone.



Spending two hours to lead people away from the city was very boring. But eventually, after calculating the time, Zhao turned to Green and said. "It's almost time, Grandpa Green."



They had arrived at the mountains. Although there was a road that led here, it was clear that not many people used it, especially at this time of day. It was now six and starting to get dark. Green looked around and nodded. "We'll work with this," he said.



Zhao got his undead to slow down, then he returned it to the space. After that, the three fell to the ground and laid there, motionless.



Nothing happened in the next half hour as they quietly laid there among the weeds, trying to be as still as possible. Luckily, it wasn't cold at this time of day. But just lying on the ground for a long time was really hard to accept.



It wasn't until an hour had passed when there was finally some movement. Green heard faint footsteps coming towards them.



Although Zhao didn't have as good a hearing as Green, he could still use the screen from his spatial farm. The screen was projected in front of his eyes. Even though he was outside the space, he could still use it to monitor his surroundings. And ever since he rose to level six, his monitoring range had increased by ten meters.



Ordinarily, if a man was walking towards them from fifty meters away, they should be able to hear him. But Zhao didn't hear a sound. If it weren't for the screen, it would have been impossible for Zhao to find someone.



The screen showed a little green dot approaching them.



The green dot was a man that wore dark clothes and was carrying a black sword. He had a long nose and small eyes. Seeing the image of the man, Zhao couldn





39;t help but think of one person: Shi Qian.



Shi Qian was a fictional character from the Water Margin novels. Although he had an ugly appearance, he had amazing thieving skills, earning him the nickname, Flea on a Drum. If this man went to Earth, he could play Shi Qian on tv without needing any makeup.



The man stopped twenty meters from Zhao, then he took out some throwing darts.



Zhao's heart couldn't help but curse loudly. Even though they had been lying here for an hour, this man was still being careful. Just as the man was about to throw a dart, Zhao suddenly summoned Drunk to stand in front of him. Now it was impossible for Zhao to get hit by the dart.



The moment Zhao summoned Drunk, Green also moved. He was an eighth level warrior. With a yellow light flashing around his body, he sprang towards the man. Meg also got up and created a layer of blue to shield Zhao and herself.



Several of the darts were thrown, but it was impossible for them to break Meg's shield.



When Drunk appeared, the man knew that he must withdraw, but unfortunately he didn't have the opportunity. Green was stronger and faster than he had imagined, and was rushing towards him from twenty meters away. Even if he wanted to run, he wouldn't be able to.



So the man simply didn't run. He closed his eyes and his lips moved, then he spit out black blood as he fell to the ground, dead.



Zhao stood up just in time to see the scene. He really didn't expect that the man would act so decisively. When the man knew that he couldn't escape, he immediately committed suicide by swallowing the poison in his mouth, like you would see on tv.



Green also didn't think that the man would choose suicide as he stood beside the man's body. Now it was impossible to question him. All he could do was examine the dead body, but there were no markings that told them who were the forces behind this man.



Zhao also walked over and looked at the man, then he turned around and asked Drunk, "If we make this guy an undead, could we ask him anything?"



Drunk shook his head. "No, Master. I'm now an undead, so I can only make low level undead. So even if we turned him into an undead, he simply wouldn't be able to answer any questions."



Zhao looked at the corpse, then made his decision. "Turn him into an undead. If they dare to come against us, we should show them what will happen to them."



Obeying his command, Drunk casted a spell. Black gas formed and then floated down to the man's dead body. Once the black gas disappeared, there was nothing but a pale skeleton lying on the ground. Of course, his clothes didn't disappear, and he still had his sword.



With nothing else to do with the man, Zhao threw him into the space. But he didn't think when the man entered the space, the voice would appear and said: [Low class robotic object. Leveling up. Strengthening its abilities and strengthening it with toxins]



Zhao was confused for a moment, but then his face lit up. He summoned the undead man out of the space. The man was now a dark green skeleton, just like Drunk.



"Do you understand me?" Zhao asked.



The man nodded.



Zhao was overjoyed. "What's the name of the forces you belong to?"



The man shook his head. "I am your faithful servant, Master."



Zhao paused for a moment, then he asked a few more questions, but the man just gave that same answer. It was then that Zhao understood. The man didn't remember anything from before he died.



Zhao had a wry smile. He thought that after the level up, the man would be able to tell him something useful, but it appeared to be in vain.



Zhao then asked. "What are your abilities?"



"Master, I can assassinate with darts and I can fight with a sword," the man said.



The man wasn't like Drunk, he was a lower undead, so he naturally couldn't remember things from his past. But with the level up from the space, he could at least now use his assassination skills that he previously had.



Zhao nodded. "Starting today, remember that I am your master, and your name will now be Shift," he said before he returned the man to the space.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 81




Chapter 81





Chapter 81 - Buying Seeds



Green and Meg had been looking at Zhao, but they couldn't hear the dialogue that was going on. Not understanding, Green moved closer before asking, "Master, what happened?"



Zhao smiled. "I just told Drunk to turn this guy into an undead. And when I threw him into the space, I didn't expect that the space would make him stronger and improve his fighting skills. But this guy doesn't remember anything, so we can't get any information out of him."



Green nodded his head. "Don't worry about that. I think that our enemies aren't finished dealing with us, so there will be a next time. We'll certainly be able to find clues for you, Master. And once Laura comes back, we'll tell her about what happened today and get her cooperation. She'll help us find who did this."



"Yes, it's a good idea to get her to help us. This is related to her as well," Zhao said. "Now I think it's time to go back." Again, he called out his undead, then they moved towards Stony Mountain.



It had gotten completely dark before they returned to the mountain. Zhao was prepared to wait here until Laura came back to Casa city. After they got her cooperation over some matters, they will go back to the Black Waste.



To tell the truth, Zhao had been struggling with this life. In his past life, he had lived in China, which was one of the safest countries in the world. But it wasn't as safe here. Just today, they went out into the city and someone tried to poison them. If his space didn't exist, he would have died from poisoning, which made him feel that this world was very dangerous.



Ever since their return from Casa city, the number of people who were monitoring Stony Mountain had lightened up. That was because by now the layer of black fog wasn't just covering the manor, but the entire Stony Mountain. Now those who were monitoring the mountain simply couldn't see anything. But they knew that there were a lot of undead guarding the mountain, so naturally everyone was afraid to go up. God knows how many undead were in that fog. Nobody wanted to die.



As of now, Zhao was tossing over Stony Mountain. The mountain didn't really have anything useful except for the stones. Zhao got his undead to gather the stones, which would be used to make the discs for the mill stones. He was also planning to bring the stones back to the Black Waste to help repair the castle.



They were short of stones in the Black Waste because the dwarves had dug it all out. Now that they had such a good place full of stones, Zhao was going to help himself to them.



As they were tossing over Stony Mountain, the few people outside that had been watching them were relaxing. It wasn't like they could see anything, and it was boring staring at a cloud of black fog all night.



But it wasn't like Zhao wasn't doing anything. He got Green to take off his glittering body armor, so in the dark of night, Green was able to sneak off to Casa city.



This time Green was going to Casa city for something important. He was going to buy seeds. Zhao needed him to buy all kinds of seeds that were on the Continent. He would like to see if any of those seeds were useful, and if they were, then his space might level up.



Green put on his normal warrior clothes before he rushed towards Casa city.



Although Green was an eighth level warrior who was proficient in martial arts, it was still difficult to run towards a city that was normally two days away. His pace wasn't like an undead's. He required rest.



He ran on the road for half the night, then he found a good place to rest. The next day, he ate some dry food in the morning, then he was on his way again. He ran fo





r an entire day, so by the time he arrived at Casa city, it was already getting dark. Fortunately, the gates hadn't closed yet.



Since Green was dressed in his warrior clothes, he looked like an ordinary adventurer. In one day, the number of adventurers going into Casa city was too many to count, so the defenders simply didn't care. Green just entered the city after he paid the tax, then he looked for a small hotel to stay in.



Everyday, once they completed a task, adventurers would go into Casa city to find food to eat. So Green went unnoticed. Even though this city was controlled by the Purcell clan, it was impossible to observe every single adventurer. After all, the population of Casa city was more than a million.



Continuously rushing for a day made Green feel tired, so he had a good rest at the hotel that night. The next morning, he simply ate a little breakfast, then he went out into the city to look for seed companies.



Casa city was a great city, but it wasn't known for farming. So it was rare to find places that sold seeds and tools. Green looked over the city for a long time, but the only place he could find that sold seeds was a grocery store. Fortunately, they had quite a lot of seeds, which allowed Green to save time.



On the Continent, there were various seeds that were ordinary, like the alfalfa and oil fruit seeds that Green had already bought. All together, Green bought fifty types of seeds. They were crop seeds, so generally not very expensive, and were definitely cheaper than magic seeds, which could cost dozens of silver coins per pound. But the store didn't have any magic seeds for him to buy.



Although Zhao had told him that he didn't need that much seeds, saying that just one of each would do, Green still bought a pound of each type of seed, so he ended up buying fifty pounds of seeds.



Fortunately for someone like Green, this amount of weight was nothing, so after buying the seeds, he also bought some tools as well.



He then left Casa city.



A day went by as Green kept on going on his way. Once it got dark, he stopped and simply rested for two hours, then he continued to rush towards the mountains. He was able to return to Stony Mountain at midnight. At this time, those who were monitoring the mountain were more relaxed. Zhao had said that they wouldn't act in the evening as they would be resting.



This was an opportunity for Green as he easily dived into the Blue Stone Hills estate. The people in the estate were also resting, so Green didn't bother them and went to find his own place to sleep.



Other than Green, it would be impossible for people to easily enter the Blue Stone Hills estate. Zhao had released hundreds of undead, and also had Drunk looking over them. If it wasn't Green going up the mountain, Drunk would have led those undead to attack.



Two days of running had made Green tired, so he went to sleep for awhile. Since he had bought the seeds, there wasn't anything else for him to do right now.



Zhao knew that Green was back, but he didn't hurry to wake up Green. He knew that Green was working very hard these days. Zhao was crystal clear on how long the road is from Stony Mountain to Casa city. It was because of this that he didn't bother Green, and let him have a good rest.



Zhao was also relaxing. Once he had harvested the crops inside his space, he also didn't have anything else to do. Gathering the stones and making the mill stone wasn't his job.



Zhao was too weak. He couldn't lift anything heavy, let alone doing physical work. But he did bring some crops out of the space as food, greatly increasing the motivation of the slaves.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 82




Chapter 82





Chapter 82 - Three Levels



Green woke up shortly before noon. After he used the spa pool in his room to wash his face, he went out the door.



The estate was now busy. From time to time, the undead would carry in stones from outside the manor, while the slaves were either learning or making millstones.



It could be said that making those stones was hard to do, especially without any tools. If you wanted to make the discs, you would have to spend a lot of time. Plus these slaves weren't real masons. Their skills could only be considered at the apprentice level.



But with the men doing the heavy lifting, and the women doing the cleaning, they were able to grind down these stones. So the entire estate looked like a big stone processing factory. If outsiders were to see this, they wouldn't believe it. The reasons that Zhao came to Stony Mountain was synonymous with mystery.



Zhao was standing in the yard of the estate. It wasn't like he was watching over the slaves, it was just that he wasn't of much help, so all he could do was stand there and send some of the stones, that the undead had brought, into the space.



After such a long time, the slaves got to know what kind of person Zhao was. It didn't matter if you laughed with him, he wouldn't be angry. They became accustomed to Zhao's presence.



This is no wonder because they had been living in Zhao's space, and never far from a source of food and water, and also not far from Zhao. It was precisely because of this daily life that the slaves lost their tension around him. Even though Zhao had been standing there right next to them, they didn't feel uncomfortable.



Then Zhao saw that Green had woke up, so he went to meet him. "Grandpa Green, I hope we didn't wake you up."



"No, Master," Green said as he shook his head. "I have brought back the seeds like you asked. Let's go into the house and look at them."



Zhao nodded, then followed Green into the house. They entered a room where there was a big bag, which contained a large number of seeds, in addition to some tools for masonry. If it wasn't Green, it would be impossible for a person to carry all of this stuff back to Stony Mountain in such a short time.



Green took out the tools first, then handed some bags of seeds to Zhao. The seeds were split into ten pound bags, so even Zhao could carry it into the space. Although he had drank the Water of Nothingness, causing his strength to be less than average, this weight wasn't a problem.



Zhao took the seeds and said to Green, "I will go." He disappeared in front of Green, who didn't say anything while holding the tools.



Inside the space, Zhao couldn't wait as he opened the bag of seeds, which was followed by the voice announcing the long list of seeds, making Zhao feel dizzy.



[Found new crop seeds. Evaluating seed quality. Improved seeds. Replacing rice seeds inside space. You can now purchase this seed in the shop]



[Found new crop seeds. Evaluating seed quality. Inferior. No merit. Seed canceled]



[Found new crop seeds. Evaluating seed quality. High yield. Extracting advantages. Strengthening legumes inside space. You can now purchase this seed in the shop]



[Found new crop seeds. Evaluating seed quality. ...........................]



Zhao couldn't follow along with the long list, so he quickly entered his hut and opened the screen to see the shop. Sure enough, there were new seeds appearing.



Although the voice wasn't finished yet, there was already a total of nearly ten new kinds of seeds. But this wasn't important to Zhao. What he wanted to know was how much this would level up his space.



Once the long list





of seeds came to an end, the voice then immediately said:



[Due to the discovery of new crop seeds, your level has risen to seven. If you wish to, you can cultivate two new acres of land. You will be rewarded with a bag of pea seeds, which can fill two acres of land]



[Due to the discovery of new crop seeds, your level has risen to eight. You will be rewarded with a bag of cucumber seeds, which can fill two acres of land]



[Due to the discovery of new crop seeds, your level has risen to nine. If you wish to, you can cultivate two new acres of land. You will be rewarded with a bag of pumpkin seeds, which can fill two acres of land]



The voice stopped.



Because of the seeds that Green brought back, his level had risen by three, but Zhao found this unsatisfactory. He wanted to use these seeds to reach level ten to see if he could open up the pasture. Not only would that increase his source of revenue, he would also be able to put in a lot of powerful spirit beasts inside the space.



But obviously, the higher you go, the more difficult it becomes to level up. Even though Green brought back so many seeds, it didn't raise his level higher than nine.



Zhao sighed, then he went over to look inside the barn. The voice said that he could also cultivate four new acres of land, but land cultivation required money. Right now he only had six hundred gold coins. It wasn't even enough to cultivate two acres, not to mention four.



The only thing Zhao could do was sell something inside the space in exchange for gold coins, then he would be able to cultivate the four acres of land.



The space was still growing oil fruits, he didn't want to lose his corn, and there were too few of the other crops, like the cabbages, so they simply weren't enough money. The only thing he could sell were the radishes.



Zhao couldn't help but curse loudly. At the moment, he had about fifteen hundred gold coins worth of radishes if he sold them in the space. Combine it with the six hundred gold coins, he would be able to cultivate new land, but he would barely have anything left over.



But Zhao couldn't think of another way, so he reluctantly sold the radishes, then cultivated four new acres of land. This cost a total of seventeen hundred gold coins. Cultivating two acres of land at level seven would cost seven hundred gold coins, while cultivating two acres of land at level nine would cost one thousand gold coins. Now all Zhao had left was four hundred gold coins, but then he also had to use one hundred and fifty of that to buy some radish seeds from the shop to grow in the new acres of land.



Originally, he had other seeds that he could have planted in the four acres, but they didn't know when Laura would come back to Casa city. When she returns, and they didn't have any radishes to sell, that would be a shame.



Plus, this time Zhao wanted to see if he would be able to get any radish seeds. If that was possible, he wouldn't need to buy any from the shop, which would help save money.



Sighing, after planting the radish seeds, Zhao came out from the space. To be honest, he was still very disappointed. He didn't reach his desired level, but there was no helping it now. He could only wait until after they sold the radishes.



Zhao felt that once he reached over level ten, something good will happen. He didn't know what, but according to the game routine, after reaching that threshold, his reward will be very high.



The most promising thing for Zhao was to open up the pastures, which would enhance his strength as soon as possible.



Green watched as Zhao glumly walked out of the house. Surprised, he quickly went over. "Master, how is it?"



Zhao shook his head. "Nothing much. The space did level up, but I didn't get what I wanted. It appears that the seeds of common crops won't have that much of an effect. If we want it to go higher, then we'll need to find more advanced level plants."



Green didn't know as much about the space as Zhao, but when Zhao said that the space had level up successfully, he should have been happy, so he asked, "Master, doesn't leveling up mean increasing the land?"



Zhao nodded. "Ah, yes, I have increased it by four acres. But I also sold all of our radishes to the space because I needed the money to buy the cultivated land. All of our radishes are now gone. The only radishes left are the ones that I planted in the four new acres."



Green smiled. "It's not a problem as long as we have more land." Although Green has never played a farm game before, these days Zhao had been telling him a lot about the farm, so he also knew that the radishes could be sold inside the space to make money. In Green's opinion, since the money couldn't be taken outside the space, it wasn't real money, so he didn't care.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 83




Chapter 83





Chapter 83 - Mosquito Meat





Green didn't care, but that doesn't mean that Zhao wasn't sad. How could he not be sad when he knew that in the future, if his level was high enough, then he would be able to take the gold out of the space.



But now everything was useless. They could only wait until after the radishes were sold for the money for the next step in their plans.



Green saw that Zhao was upset, so he tried to cheer him up. "Master, we have rarely gone into the woods to collect seeds from the plants. If we try to collect them now, maybe we'll find some useful seeds, then we won't need to buy them, and it might also level up the space."



Zhao gave a wry smile. He didn't have much hope for that. The Ark Continent had tens of thousands of years of history. In all that time, although the Continent wasn't known for its agricultural development, it was still doing well. By now they were growing crops that were carefully picked and chosen. For instance, when he brought in the bamboo rice seeds, it immediately replaced the rice seeds that were already in the space. What does this mean? It represented that the bamboo rice crops, which were carefully developed, was more excellent. There was no need to mention the plants that grew in the wild because he feared that they wouldn't be better than any crops.



But eating mosquito meat was better than nothing, so Zhao nodded and said, "Well, it's not too busy right now. Let me come and help you, Grandpa Green."



"No, I'll do it by myself." Green shook his head. "If they see me collecting seeds from those plants, maybe those people won't think that it's strange when they find out about the radishes we're selling. It would be our excuse."



Zhao hadn't thought of this point. "Well, then do so, but you have to be careful, Grandpa Green. Stay close to the vicinity of the mountain. Last time, someone tried to poison us, and there might be a next time."



"Master worries too much." Green smiled. "I'll bring out my own water and dry food, so I won't eat or drink anything I didn't prepare myself. Nothing will happen."



"Well, then when you go out, take some of the spatial water. Even if someone wants to poison you, it would be impossible. And you must not go too far, or at least let me send an undead to follow you. If something happens, the undead will bring you back fast."



"No, I'll be fine on my own," Green said.



"But if a big undead were to follow you, it could carry anything good that you might find. Otherwise, I’m afraid that you’ll have to lug a bag around, which might not fit everything.”



Green hadn't thought of that, so he nodded his head. "Will the undead be able to understand me?"



"It won't be a problem. Since their level up, I found a lot of clever undead. Even though they still can't speak, their intelligence shouldn't be any worse than an average person. You can rest assured."



"Well, then I'll go," Green said.



"No." Zhao smiled. "You don't have to worry about it yet. Anyway, it's not like the plants can run in the mountains. Recently, there's not much to do in the manor other than waiting for Laura to come back, so you can at least rest for awhile."



It was just as Zhao said. In this period of time, Stony Mountain was very safe. No matter how powerful the Purcell clan or the other forces were, there were few people who were willing to provoke them since Zhao's identity was known as a black mage.



Nobody wanted to provoke a black mage.



Meirin came over. It was n





ow time to eat, and she was calling Zhao and Green for lunch. Meirin looked at Green, and asked, "How is it? Did it work?"



Zhao didn't want her to worry. "It's fine, rest assured."



Green understood what Zhao meant, so he turned to Meirin and smiled. "We're thinking of me going around the mountains to see if I could find some other useful plants for the young master. He now has a total of eighteen acres of land, and in the future, the seeds from these wild plants might get him more and more land."



When Meirin heard what Green said, she was very happy. In their view, more land equals more money, which would help the Buda clan thrive.



They still didn't know that once the space levels up, Zhao would be able to open a pasture. He didn't tell them yet because he wanted to get it done first.



The manor became busy as several people had lunch. The slaves seemed very happy, and why shouldn't they be. They get to eat and work hard, and learn to read and write as a reward. In their opinion, this was simply living a lord's life.



The slaves weren't educated like normal people. While ordinary people might go through a traditional education, the slaves were taught an education that was meant for slaves. If they had parents who were slaves, then they would also be a slave from the moment of birth, so they would completely accept the enslaving education as their primary education, in which they were taught that their owner was always right. This enslaving education was like brainwashing, to make a person slave from the beginning to the end.



The nobles and slave owners in the Continent have been doing that because of a large scale slave rebellion that happened before. Unfortunately, those slaves were suppressed. Ever since the slave rebellion, those nobles found that suppressing the slaves cost too much money, so they looked for alternatives. They discovered that spending just a little bit of money to educate those who grew up as a slave would repress any feeling of rebellion.



Any civilization that had developed for tens of thousands of years would not be simple. There had to be reasons why nobles would rule the Continent for so many years. Naturally, if they didn't develop such means and methods, how could they stay in power for so long.



It was because of these reasons that when Green bought the slaves, their hearts now belonged to the Buda clan.



However, Daisy and Ann grew up differently than the slaves. They were once commoners, and although the living standards of commoners on the Continent weren't that great, it was still better when compared to a slave's. The most notable part was that if you were a slave for life, then your family will be slaves for generations.



Zhao knew this, so every day he would spend some time with the slaves so they would grow more comfortable being around him. He knew that changing the ideas of these slaves won't happen overnight. Teaching the slaves to know how to read will let these slaves know more about the truth.



Zhao didn't think that one day he would change the world. He knows that he's just a regular otaku. After coming here, he could only achieve things because his spatial farm was a cheat. Besides, he had no ambitions to change the world, especially when he knew that this society had been based on slavery for tens of thousands of years.



He just wanted an easy life. But since he still remembered how he lived in his past life, he was not accustomed to ruling over slaves. So he set it up that as long as you work hard, you would gain freedom as a reward.



As for the Black Waste, Zhao knew that it was his own private property only because all of the nobles in the Continent didn't want it. After all, an ordinary stone was just a stone.



But Zhao knew that once he reformed the soil of the Black Waste, an ordinary stone would become a piece of jade. It was like turning a baby into a cute baby that everyone wants to grab.



So if you wanted to protect your baby, you have to have the strength. The strength that he had now wasn't strong enough. But once he opens his pasture, who would dare offend him.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 84




Chapter 84





Chapter 84 - Spooky Actions





Midnight. A tone chimed and the voice told Zhao that his crops had matured, so it was time to harvest. But he just slept until dawn.



He wanted to see if he just left the radishes in the space, if they would grow some seeds. That was why he didn't bother harvesting them right away.



Unfortunately, the next morning, Zhao went into the space only to find that the radishes just remained in a state of maturity, making him very disappointed.



Zhao couldn't help but mutter, "It seems like nothing will happen if I just leave them in the space."



After he said that, the voice came again: [Required to be at level ten to receive seeds from root crops. Please be patient]



Zhao was stunned for a moment, then he became delighted. He thought that he simply couldn't get any seeds from the radishes, but now he just found out that as long as he reaches level ten, he would fulfill the requirement.



This just confirmed for him that level ten was a hurdle that he needed to cross, then he would be able to get even more things.



In a happy mood, Zhao harvested the radishes, as well as the corn and oil fruits, before leaving the space.



Yesterday, Green had a good rest. But today, he was ready to go. In the morning, after breakfast, Zhao took out his undead, which had become very clever. Even though it couldn't communicate with Zhao, it could still perform his commands.



Zhao wasn't worried as he told the undead that it wasn't allowed to go too far from Green. And when four hours had passed, it would stop Green from whatever he was doing, and return him to the manor.



Although Green wasn't afraid of anything, he did not argue against Zhao's kindness. He might not necessarily find any plants they need, but he didn't mind.



In fact, there were a lot of high level plants that could be found in a forest. Some of them were magic plants that were very aggressive, yet could be used as magic materials. If you could get those magic plants to a city, you would be able to sell them at a good price.



For this reason, it was almost impossible to find these kinds of plants around here. These mountains were too close to Casa city. There were a lot of manors and villas built around here. But even if there wasn't any housing, a lot of mercenaries would have still swept through the mountains many times, trying to make some money from selling high level magical plants.



So Zhao didn't hold too much hope for Green finding anything. It was like trying to save a dead horse with medicine. They could only wait until after they sold their radishes. Maybe then they would be able to buy some useful magic plants. Until then, they couldn't do anything.



Those who were monitoring them saw Green sitting on an undead that was walking around the mountains.



Green's movements aroused those people into action as they firmly fixed their sights on that undead. But to their surprise, the undead wasn't heading towards the road, it went directly into the mountains, which scared everyone who had been monitoring the black mage. In the Continent, everyone knew that black mages were usually cantankerous. So these people thought that the black mage must have found them, and was now sending his forces against them. Some of them ran from their spot.



Those who were running were mercenaries that had been hired by small clans. They were completely different from those trained assassins from those big clans. The assassins would try to complete a task even at the expense of their life. As long as the task had been completed, it was worth it. But these mercenaries didn't have such loyalty. They would work for your money, but the moment there was any danger





, they would immediately run away.



Green knew someone was monitoring him. When he came out of Stony Mountain, he put up his guard, and found that there were a lot of people in the area. However, Green didn't touch them. He wanted them to watch him.



Under the attention of everyone, the undead carried Green into the forests in the mountains. Once they reached the forest, Green got down from Alien and looked around.



It was obvious that this piece of the forest had already been searched through. Although there were still trees here, there were also many places that had been trodden on, revealing traces of people rummaging everywhere. Green could see many places that had been dug up. Apparently, anything useful had already been poached.



Green shook his head, then walked into another part of the forest, while making sure to carefully look around for plants that Zhao might want. There were many well-known useful plants on the Continent, but he simply didn't even see a shadow of one.



Although Green was a warrior with no knowledge of alchemy, he had lived with Meirin for so many years. Do not forget, Meirin was a mage, so even though she was ignorant about most magical plants, she still knew a thing or two that helped her make magic potions. Because of this, Green picked up some things from her over the years, so he had a little bit of knowledge about magic plants. But he didn't see any.



Green couldn't help but sigh as he explored. But while walking into the depths of the forests, he suddenly saw two wild fruit trees.



Wild fruit trees were common on the Continent, but although their fruit tasted good, they didn't have a high yield, so no one used them in large scale farming. It wasn't a magic plant, so the great nobles wouldn't eat them. And generally, any commoners that had land wouldn't grow them as food. If they wanted to eat these fruits, they could just go into the mountains and find a lot of these common trees growing in the wild.



The two trees were obscured from view, so Green didn't notice them until now. He looked at the two wild fruit trees, then he took out a big sword and cut off a few branches, which he fed to Alien so that they would be carried in its body.



Green did this because these trees were good at surviving. As long as you stuck the branches into wet ground, they would germinate and slowly grow into a new tree, like turning a dead horse into a living horse.



Those who were monitoring Green were dumbfounded. They didn't understand what he was doing. This stuff could be found anywhere in the mountains. Were they some kind of treasure that they didn't know about?



They were all staring at Green's strange behavior. Keep in mind that these people were ready to report anything they find to their clans, as well as collect the plants that Green was collecting, so they could take them home and examine them.



As Green walked around, he couldn't even remember the total number of plants that he had collected. That was because he had even collected the most common plants, including long grass.



Green had been climbing into the depths of the mountains for three hours, finding plants and filling the body of the undead. Finally, he stopped, and then walked straight back towards Stony Mountain.



Once Green was gone, those who were monitoring him immediately grabbed some of the plants that Green had been collecting, and then went back to their clans to give their report. In fact, Green didn't actually do anything outrageous today. He just collected a variety of plants that were worthless. But his actions seemed suspicious.



Green didn't care how they reacted. He only cared about protecting their identity. As long as their identity wasn't exposed, then he wasn't afraid.



By the time Green made it back to Stony Mountain, it was afternoon and time for lunch. Meirin immediately prepared something for him to eat, and Zhao brought the undead full of plants into the space, regardless if the plants were good or bad.



Once those plants were in the space, the voice said .....





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 85




Chapter 85





Chapter 85 - Powerful Level Up



[Discovery of new plants. No merit. Do not extract]



[Discovery of new plants. No merit. Do not extract]



[Discovery of new plants. Detecting possible edible fruit and wine. Disadvantage, yield is low. Analyzing data of saplings. It can now be purchased in the shop]



[Discovery of new plants. No merit. Do not extract]



[Discovery of new plants. Detecting toxins in the shrubs. Plant has high survival rate. Analyzing data of saplings. It can now be purchased in the shop. Extracting toxins. Strengthening the robotic objects with toxins. Strengthening spatial water with detoxification]



[Discovery of new plants. Toxic barbed vines. Plant has high survival rate. Analyzing data of vines. It can now be purchased in the shop. Extracting toxins. Strengthening the robotic objects with toxins. Strengthening spatial water with detoxification. Extracting thorn protection. Strengthening robotic objects attack capabilities. Extracting raw materials. Strengthening humanoid objects survival capabilities]



[Discovery of new plants. No merit. Do not extract]



[Discovery of new plants. Harmful weeds species. Plant has high survival rate. Aggressive. Extracting advantages. Strengthening spatial herbicide]



................



Over a hundred plants in this long list made Zhao feel dizzy, but he heard several good things, especially those poisonous bushes and barbed vines. If they could be used to make a wall, then that would be helpful.



He also noticed another thing. Zhao didn't expect that extracting the advantages from the weeds would be able to strengthen the herbicide. This was great. If he later used the herbicide, its ability would be stronger.



The rest of the stuff was no good. There were just a few plants that had some basic medicinal effect that wasn't very strong, like the ginkgo tree. They weren't of much use.



However, even Green wouldn't have thought that since this morning, he would have been able to gather so many samples that would help. Although these hundred plants weren't magical and they weren't worth a lot of money, they still had some advantages.



Once the voice stopped speaking, Zhao's heart grew nervous. He didn't know whether or not the space would level up.



Suddenly, the voice came again: [Due to the discovery of new plants, you have risen to level ten. You have now reached the requirements for overall improved functions in the space. The pasture is open. Seeds can now be extracted from root crops. The gold coins inside the space can now be used outside. Increasing size of house. Three teleport points can now be set. Increasing range of monitoring system to five hundred meters in diameter. Can now set the teleport points as the center. A new feature has been added to the space. Host is given a cane that can portably control the space. Cane is binded to the host. Can not be damaged. Can not be dropped. Please select a style for the cane. Congratulations, host]



What Zhao heard made him almost jump for joy. He didn't think that when he reached level ten, the spatial functions would become so powerful. All of these features were what he needed!



Zhao stood there, laughing. But although he heard what the voice said about these new features, he still needed to fully learn how to use their functions, otherwise he wouldn't get the biggest benefits out of them.



Zhao quickly went into the hut and accessed the screen. Once he opened it, sure enough, there was a new file titled [New Spatial Features].



With trembling hands, Zhao took several deep breaths, then pressed the file. A white light came from the screen and shot towards Zhao's head. He felt a little pain, but he knew that he might have to sle





ep for awhile, so he immediately laid down on the bed and fainted.



A lot of new features filled Zhao's head as he fell into a deep sleep, not knowing how long it would be before he wakes up.



Finally, Zhao opened his eyes. He looked around and stretched. Slowly sitting up, he laughed. "Boy, these are some big changes."



While he was sleeping, his brain completely received all the information about the new features. He felt like he was getting smarter, almost able to recite the information word for word.



He now understood what he could do in the space. The barn couldn't hold any spirit beasts, but now that he could open the pasture, he would be able to establish a ranch that could raise a lot of spirit beasts. However, the spatial farm and the spatial ranch aren't the same game. The ranch is invisible to the farm and the farm is invisible to the ranch. If Zhao wanted to go to the ranch from the farm, he would have to think it to be able to move into the spatial ranch zone.



Like the game, the ranch could be used to raise animals. But he didn't know how many animals he could raise.



Another ability that he got once he reached level ten was that he could now get seeds from root crops, like radishes. So later he could save money on seeds.



Not only that, he could also now take the gold coins from inside the space into the outside world. Before, the coins inside the space were only virtual currency, and couldn't be taken out before he reached level ten. But now if he earned one hundred thousand gold coins inside the space, then they could become real one hundred thousand gold coins. It was another source of revenue.



As for the new teleport point functions, it was one of Zhao's favorites. He can set up to three teleport points, which were actually entrances into the space. In order to get to Casa city from the Black Waste, he had to sit inside his undead for days. But now he doesn't need to do that with these teleport points. If he set up a teleport point on Stony Mountain, and also set one in his castle on Iron Mountain, he could just enter the space and travel back and forth between these two points. However, he could only set up three teleport points. Still, this was a very powerful feature.



And with this level up, the range of his monitoring system had increased. Not only had the range increased to five hundred meters in diameter, he could now see everything within in that range with a teleport point as the center.



That wasn't the only thing that increased. His house has gotten bigger as well. Zhao had a thatched hut where only one person could live in. There was simply no way for other people to come live with him. However, now he could change his hut into something bigger, like a villa.



Finally, also one of Zhao's favorites, was the new feature that allowed him to control the spatial farm portably. All of this power could now be controlled by the cane in his hand, which has been designated to Zhao. He could not lose the cane or drop it.



With the cane, he could use the features of the farm, like the shovel, the bucket, pesticides, and herbicides. All of these functions would be focused on the cane. He could even use it to access his screen more conveniently.



It was because of this feature that Zhao opened the screen again to see if a new button had appeared. There was now a button with a picture of a cane on it. When Zhao saw it, he immediately pressed the button, and then came a list of pictures of canes. There were some wooden ones, and some that were like a sword. Some were gorgeous. Some were plain. And some gave a holy feeling, while others were made of strange bones.



Zhao carefully looked through these pictures. Although he was very fond of a few, he eventually chose the one that was made of bones. It looked like a staff that was used by a black mage.



When Zhao chose this picture, there was a white flash, and suddenly this staff appeared in his hands. The staff was made of pale bones, and at the top was a tiny skull. The skull was green and clear, like it had been carved from some kind of precious crystal.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 86




Chapter 86





Chapter 86 - Testing New Features





Once the staff was in Zhao's hands, the voice came and said.



[Ghost Staff. It can automatically shorten or stretch from 0.5 meters to five meters. It can also illuminate a dark environment. And it allows the host to use the features of the space]



Zhao froze. He really didn't think that this staff would have such an effect. What a surprise.



While the first two functions weren't of much use to Zhao, they were better than nothing. The size of the staff was just right, so Zhao was currently satisfied.



Zhao turned around and looked at the screen again. He pressed the button with the store icon and a list of things that could be purchased in the shop appeared. First were the most ordinary seeds. In addition to that were some seeds that originally came from the spatial farm. And finally, there were some plants that belonged to the Ark Continent.



Continuing to look at the screen, Zhao found a button for decorations. He pressed the decorations button, and rows of housing pictures appeared. Sure enough, below each picture was a marked price. It seemed that in this game, he still needed money to buy a new house.



Zhao looked at the pictures, and was finally able to find one that he could afford. What he bought was a little villa-like house, which also had tall fences and a kennel. It only took a gold coin to buy this house.



Once he pressed the button for the house he wanted, everything around him started to shake, then a white light flashed.



After the white light disappeared, Zhao was shocked. He was no longer sitting in his hut, but instead was sitting on a large sofa in a living room. The living room was twenty square meters, while the sofa was big enough to hold five people. The floor was carpeted and in front of the sofa was a beautiful coffee table made of some kind of wood that was cherry red in color. Facing the sofa was a twelve inch screen, and on the coffee table was a remote.



Zhao stood up from the sofa and looked around the house. On the same floor as the living room was two bathrooms, a spa room, a utility room, a kitchen, a dining room, and two bedrooms.



He went into a bathroom and discovered that it was modern. It was five square meters, with a toilet, a bathtub where you could adjust the hot and cold water coming out of the shower head, and a sink with a small mirror hanging over it. The other bathroom was just the same.



The equipment in the kitchen were very complete. There were some Western appliances as well as sparkling utensils that were apparently new. The dining room had an elongated tables that could seat eight people, and on the wall hung an ordinary landscape painting.



The spa room was paved with small, non-slippery stones and the walls were trimmed with tiles. It was a nice room where you could lounge.



As for the utility room, it was filled with everyday supplies, from sinks and tub cleaners to brooms for sweeping. It was paramount to keep a house clean. Zhao even saw an ironing board.



Finally, there were the bedrooms, which were relatively simple. There was a bed, a wardrobe, two bedside tables that held lamps, and a window. The two bedrooms were exactly the same.



But this was just the first floor, which took up one thousand two hundred square meters of land. Zhao then went up to the second floor. There was no living room or kitchen, but there were bathrooms, in addition to five bedrooms. Four of the bedrooms were furnished pretty much the same way as the two bedrooms on the first floor, but the last bedroom only had a thirty two inch screen.



Zhao went back to the living room and sat down on the sofa. He then picked up the remote. It had the same buttons like a regular remote, but on the bottom was a smooth surface,





sort of like a touch screen.



Looking at the remote, Zhao pressed the power button. The screen lit up. What was on the screen looked almost exactly like a desktop with icons and everything.



Zhao tried clicking an icon, and the voice came and said.



[Do you wish to set up a teleport point now?]



These words also appeared on the screen. Out of habit, Zhao said, "Yes." After he said this, the screen changed. The words disappeared, replaced by a map.



At that moment, the voice spoke again.



[Select teleport point]



Zhao carefully looked at the map. It was clearly a map of all the places he had been, everything from the Black Waste all the way to Casa city. However, the map only showed these places. Everywhere else was dark.



Just like a computer, there was a cursor in the form of a small white arrow. Zhao saw the cursor, and then he looked back at the remote in his hand. So it was a touch screen! His finger gently paddled across the smooth surface, and the cursor on the screen moved with him.



Zhao couldn't help but smile. He really didn't think it would be so simple to operate it. Carefully looking at the map, the cursor moved to the Blue Stone Hills estate on Stony Mountain, then he clicked on it.



Sure enough, the voice came again.



[The first teleport point will be in Blue Stone Hills]



[Yes/No]



Zhao nodded. "Yes." The tone chimed and the voice once again said.



[The first teleport point has been established in Blue Stone Hills. Would you like to choose your second teleport point?]



In the map, a small green dot immediately lit up on the Blue Stone Hills estate.



Zhao quickly said, "Yes. On the castle in Iron Mountain." He wanted to try and see if the screen had any voice control capabilities.



Yes, indeed it did. Once he finished speaking those words, a little green dot immediately started twinkling over the castle in Iron Mountain, followed by the voice saying.



[The second teleport point will be in the Iron Mountain castle]



[Yes/No]



Zhao nodded again. "Yes." The green dot set down on the castle in the map, then a tone chimed and the voice said: [The second teleport point has been established in the Iron Mountain castle. Would you like to choose your third teleport point?]



Zhao stared at the screen for a moment, then he shook his head. "No, do not build one."



The spatial voice said nothing.



The screen changed back to the desktop. Zhao clicked an icon, and suddenly a three-dimensional map appeared. It showed almost all of Stony Mountain, including the manor. Zhao's fingers moved the cursor across the screen and clicked on the manor's yard.



The image of the yard immediately appeared, then came a chiseling sound. Zhao was surprised for a moment as he looked around. When he couldn't find where the sound was coming from, he looked towards the screen, and he saw people working on the stones, which was where the chiseling sound was coming from.



His face erupted with a smile. Before, the screen never had any sound, but ever since the level up, the screen now had an audio function. This was a surprise.



Zhao then switched the image on the map to show the castle on Iron Mountain. What he saw was basically the same, except now he had a wider range. At one time he was only able to see inside the castle, but now he could see a few things outside of it.



He was so happy he felt like crying tears of joy. He pressed the [OK] button the remote, and the voice came and said: {Do you wish to enter the second teleport point?]



"Yes," Zhao said. He couldn't wait as he put down the remote. While holding his staff, he stood up and with a thought, he exited the space.



Outside, Zhao looked everywhere. He was currently standing in his bedroom that was in the castle. He immediately ran to the window and opened it, giving himself a panoramic view of a land full of black soil. He had really returned to Iron Mountain.



Zhao laughed as he leaned out the window. The space's new features were a really powerful force. It was almost too powerful. With this, he could get things done more efficiently. It would only take a second to travel between Iron Mountain and Stony Mountain.



After a moment had passed, Zhao calmed down. With a thought, he moved back into the space, then said, "Switch to first teleport point." Then with another thought, he exited the space again, but now he found himself in his bedroom in the Blue Stone Hills estate.



As he listened to those chiseling sounds coming from outside his bedroom, he couldn't press down the joy in his heart.



Now that he had learned how to use the teleport points, Zhao knew that it was time to open the pasture and establish his ranch.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 87




Chapter 87





Chapter 87 - Ranch



Upon entering the space, Zhao at once said, "Open the pasture.”



The tone chimed and the voice said,



[Opening pastures requires you to be at level ten. You have reached the requirements. Are you sure you wish to open the pastures?]



"Yes," Zhao immediately said. He waited for some sort of reaction from the space, but this time he was disappointed. Nothing happened inside the space before the voice said,



[Pastures have been opened. Ranch has been established successfully]



Zhao turned around and looked, but he found that nothing had changed. Not even a shadow of a ranch was there. Although he knew this would happen, he was still disappointed.



With a thought, a white light enveloped his body, then he disappeared. The next thing he saw was a boundless amount of green grass.



Just then, the voice came back.



[Welcome to the spatial ranch. At the ranch's current level, you can raise up to one thousand animals]



Zhao froze. The ranch was just established and he could already keep one thousand animals? This was too good, right?



He looked around, but he couldn't find anything that looked like a house. He was just surrounded by a huge prairie.



Zhao felt it was strange. When he played these sort of games before, there would at least be some simple walls and a nesting area. But how come there's nothing?



He was worried about animal reproduction. In the game, there was a fixed area where the animals could make babies. If there was no place like that, then he was in big trouble. He wasn't a veterinarian. He didn't know how to help animals give birth.



From this thought, Zhao tried saying, "Display area for animal reproduction."



The moment he said this, an area less than a hundred meters from him started to flash with twinkling green lights and a yellow perimeter surrounded it.



When Zhao saw it, he couldn't help but feel relieved. As long as this area was here, he wouldn't have to worry about animal reproduction.



But then Zhao discovered another problem. There was no feed mill like the ones in the game. How would he feed the animals? And he didn't see any water. What would the animals drink?



He could see no way, so Zhao had to first ask, "What will the animals eat and drink?"



The voice came and said.



[The feed that the host adds will automatically be converted into grass for the animal's consumption. One kilometer away is a river for the animals to drink water]



Zhao was shocked. It turned out that the feed would be turned into grass. In the game, most of the animals were herbivores, so this grass would solve the problem. But he was planning to put some creatures from the Ark Continent into the ranch, and there would definitely be some carnivorous predators among them. Those carnivores wouldn't eat grass, right?



Zhao quickly asked this question, but the voice said that there wasn't enough data to give him an answer.



Not knowing what to do now, Zhao asked another question. "What feed could be converted into grass?"



The voice said,



[Found items in the barn that could be used as animal feed. Radish leaves, corn, wheat, and rice]



Zhao paused, realizing that he would be able to use his crops. It seemed like if it could be used as feed, it could be converted into grass.



Now he raised his staff and a white light was emitted, projecting a screen that had a page showing the shop, and below that was another page showing the ranch's shop.



These pages were no different than the game. There were black and white pictures of animals, which represented t





he animals that he couldn't buy. As for the animals with colored pictures, he could definitely buy those. Right now the only ones he could buy were chickens and rabbits.



Each chicken costs eighty gold coins. Each rabbit costs one hundred and twenty gold coins. According to the game, these prices weren't expensive, but if you were to show them to anyone in the Ark Continent, they would call you crazy. You should know that in the Ark Continent, long-tailed chickens and blue-eyed rabbits were very cheap. Each long-tailed chicken only costs one silver coin. Each blue-eyed rabbit only costs three silver coins.



Zhao immediately decided not to buy these animals from the spatial shop. It was too uneconomical. He only had a little over two hundred gold coins left. If he were to buy from the space, he could only get a maximum of two rabbits or three chickens. But if he were to buy from the outside world, he could buy more than two thousand long-tailed chickens or eight hundred or so blue-eyed rabbits. This would definitely fill up the ranch.



Although he hadn't yet solved the problem about how to raise carnivorous predators, right now just establishing the ranch was fine.



Zhao took a deep breath, and with a thought he exited the ranch and came outside.



The place where Zhao came out was different. The last time, he came out into his room because that was where the teleport point was. But this time, he came out into the place where he had originally entered the space to bring in his undead and the plants that Green got for him.



When he emerged, Zhao found Green and everyone else there. He was stunned.



"Why are you all waiting for me?"



Green obviously had a relieved expression on his face.



"Master, you have been inside the space for over four hours."



Zhao paused. He hadn't thought that he was inside the space for so long. Maybe it was because he had been sleeping, so he lost his sense of time.



Zhao smiled, trying to reassure them. "There's no problem. In fact, something good happened. The space has leveled up. Let's all go into the space and you'll see what I'm saying." With a thought, several people entered the space.



Everyone froze when they entered, not because of any other reason than catching sight of the villa. Zhao smiled when he saw their reactions. "I bought this house from the space for one gold coin. Now we can all live here."



Having said that, he led everyone into the house, then told them to select their own bedroom. Blockhead and Rockhead chose the two rooms downstairs, while Green and Meirin chose their room upstairs, which Meg did as well.



Once they had selected their rooms, Zhao said, "The space has a few new functions, but the one that we need the most is this."



With a thought, they all came out of the space. But this time was a little weird because of where they found themselves. This didn't look like the manor and it obviously wasn't Stony Mountain.



Green looked around, while Meg said with uncertainty, "Master, isn't this your room in the castle on Iron Mountain?"



Zhao laughed. "Yes, this is my room. We have returned to the castle."



Everyone froze, then they rushed to the window. Opening it, they looked outside and found that they really were back in the Iron Mountain castle.



They all looked at Zhao in shock, who chuckled. "The space has a new capability that allows us to instantly transfer between two points. I have two teleport points, one of them is here in the castle, while the other is in the manor. Now we can move between the two locations at any time."



Everyone still had a shocked look on their faces. They didn't think that it would be something this amazing. A journey that took them around two weeks could now be traveled in a moment.



Zhao continued to tell them about the changes that happened when the space leveled up. While doing so, he led everyone to the castle square, where they entered the space again. Zhao chose to enter the space from the square because, in the future, when he returned all the slaves back to the castle, he didn't want them to come out into his room.



Once everyone went back into the space, Zhao took them to the ranch to have a look around. When he told them they would be able to raise a lot of spirit beasts here, they were all happy. If they could raise spirit beasts, it would become another source of income.



Once Zhao finished explaining the new features, they all left the space, but not before Zhao took out one hundred gold coins and gave them to Green.



Tomorrow, Green will go to Casa city and buy three hundred blue-eyed rabbits.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 88




Chapter 88





Chapter 88 - Back to the Castle





Green was excited to learn that the gold coins from inside the space could now be taken out, since this was the feature that he was most concerned about.



He knew that the space was mainly used for farming, and not very good for fighting. But there was a problem with farming when you harvest the crops too frequently. For instance, if Zhao planted nothing but radishes for one year, he feared that it would take a decade for everyone in the Continent to eat all the radishes.



Such a high yield was too much. It would greatly impact the market in the Continent. Trying to sell that many radishes would be a problem.



But that wasn't the same as selling the radishes inside the space. Although they wouldn't be able to get as much gold coins, they didn't have to worry about no one wanting to buy the radishes. What was most important was that the gold coins could now be taken out of the space, that they could use the gold coins as hard currency to buy anything.



After resting for one night, the next morning, Green was on his way to Casa city. This time they didn't conceal the fact that Green was going to buy something.



Once Green was gone, Zhao went to the manor's yard. He got ready to move the slaves back to Iron Mountain castle.



Yesterday, Zhao had discussed this with Green, and he agreed. After all, the estate was small and too close to Casa city. It was time to go back to the castle.



Anyway, the castle was like their roots. They had to go back sooner or later. And now, with the stones from Stony Mountain, not only could they make millstones, but they could also fix up the castle. Although the castle wasn't that damaged, after so many years it would inevitably be falling apart in some places. Mining from Iron Mountain wasn't very convenient, but now they had these stones from Stony Mountain.



Of course, if they wanted to continue to keep people away from Stony Mountain, they had to maintain the spell that covered the mountain in a blanket of darkness. Drunk had told Zhao that once they left, the darkness spell would lose its effect, allowing people to see the manor. Zhao didn't want that, so he planned to leave two of the black mages behind.



Zhao counted on these two, Scales and Brick, to defend Stony Mountain. He allowed them to lead one hundred undead. This should be sufficient if anything were to happen. As long as they could block the enemy for awhile, Zhao would be able to come with reinforcements.



The remaining six undead black mages were going to follow Zhao back to the castle. He planned to leave two of them to guard the castle, while the other four would go into the carrion swamp and capture undead spirit beasts.



Now that the ranch was opened, he would be able to keep any kind of spirit beast, which would help him form an army.



Only after establishing an army of spirit beasts would Zhao dare to start cultivating the land in the Black Waste, otherwise he wouldn't have the guts.



As of now, Zhao was preparing to take Blockhead and Rockhead to the castle in order to manage the slaves and protect them, but Zhao was going to stay behind on Stony Mountain. He wanted to wait until Laura came back. Although he could now take gold coins out of the space, the amount of gold he would get for the crops was too little. It wasn't cost effective. That was why he needed Laura's cooperation.



Zhao started working. He first had to organize the slaves before sending them back to the castle. This wasn't hard to do because the slaves had already grown accustomed to the space. Once they were all inside the space, Zhao said, "Let me tell you one thing. From the space, we can now directly go to the castle in Iron Mountain, where you will bui





ld millstones and repair the castle."



The slaves were in a daze while watching Zhao, not understanding what he meant. Zhao looked at them, then continued, "Simply put, the space is like a room with two doors. One door leads to Stony Mountain, while the other door will take you to Iron Mountain. Any questions?"



The slaves didn't have much of a reaction. They had always felt that the space was magical, so it didn't seem strange for it to have this ability.



It was silent. Zhao couldn't help but think that their reaction was too calm.



With a wry smile, he shook his head, then led Meirin and Meg, six black mages, Blockhead and Rockhead, and the slaves back to Iron Mountain castle.



Everyone came out of the space and stepped on to the castle square, which was where Zhao put the teleport point. Once they were out, Zhao took out the stones from Stony Mountain for the slaves to work with. He also took out some food that Meirin made with Meg's help, along with some supplies for living, like blankets.



Right now Scales, Brick, and one hundred undead were waiting at Stony Mountain for Green to come back from Casa city. It shouldn't take more than two days, enough time to settle things here in the castle.



They had been gone from the castle for twenty days. Not much had changed except for the amount of dust.



After a quick cleaning, the slaves made themselves busy under Ann's leadership. They mounted the stone discs together with the wood from the oil fruit tree. The wood was very strong, and after the space leveled up, it was even better. But because of the high oil content in the wood, it was very flammable. However, Zhao wasn't worried about that because there was a moat going around the castle. There was no need to worry about a fire.



Although no one here had full smithing and carpentry skills, making the mill stone itself wasn't that difficult. It didn't require too many technical details. You just needed to grind down the stone and stick the wood in. Anyone could make it if they were strong enough.



Once the slaves started working, Zhao went to find Meirin.



"Grandma Meirin, let's go to the valley and see if anything has changed."



Meirin was also curious about what happened to the corn, so she nodded.



The two people went into the mountain, crossed the underground lake, and have now reached the valley. Zhao and Meirin were surprised at what they saw. They didn't think that the corn would still be growing.



Although the corn seedlings weren't very high, even looking somewhat weak, they were still alive.



Looking at the seedlings on the thirty acres of land he had improved, Meirin and Zhao laughed. After the attack from the army of spirit beasts, they felt like giving up. With the land paved with a layer of toxic soil, Zhao didn't feel too much hope that the corn seedlings would still grow. But now, he was sure that the earth below the toxic soil was still fertile from his land improvement, allowing the seedlings to survive.



Ever since Zhao went on a journey to Casa city, these seedlings could only fend for themselves. It seems like their vitality was very tenacious.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 89




Chapter 89





Chapter 89 - Minor Matters



These seedlings represented hope. Although they weren't growing well, they still showed a tenacious spirit since the layer of toxic soil didn't stop them from surviving.



Zhao bent down and gently stroked one of the seedlings. It really looked like it lacked nutrition. To be honest, even if it were to grow up, it would be impossible for it to produce much food.



Zhao slowly stood up, then turned around to face Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, I'm surprised that these seedlings are growing, but I think they need some water. Maybe it would help them grow a little better."



Meirin nodded and moved to Zhao's side, but before she could do anything, Zhao stuck out his ghost staff and showed, "Water!"



He knew that the ghost staff could use all the features of the space, so he wanted to try to use it to release water. Sure enough, the voice came:



[Portable cane has detected contaminated land. Do you wish to improve it?]



Zhao said yes, which prompted the voice to say:



[Please select the number for improvement]



A projected screen suddenly appeared in front of him showing rows of numbers, with units between ten to one hundred. Zhao was stunned. He didn't think that he would be able to improve so much land. According to these figures, he could improve up to one hundred acres, instead of the original ten acres that he was limited to. It seems like the level up had given him more benefits than he realized.



Zhao immediately chose the largest number, one hundred acres. Once he finished, a surge of water rushed out of the cane and started flying into the sky. It looked like rain was going to fall on to the land. The moment the land turned wet, it started to change color.



Meirin also noticed this. She was surprised because the area of modified land seemed a bit too large, greatly exceeding the ten acres of land Zhao said he could improve per day. Puzzled, she decided to ask Zhao. "Master, why is there so much water?"



Zhao turned to Meirin and smiled. "When the space leveled up, the area of land improvement has also increased. Now I can improve up to one hundred acres of land per day."



Meirin's face brightened. Looking at the one hundred acres of land, she said, "This is great! Now it will only take ten days to change all this land. Although it's a little late in the season, we should still be able to grow all kinds of stuff."



Zhao nodded his head. Improving one hundred acres of land per day would allow them to make full use of this valley. He thought about what they could do with one thousand acres of fertile land. He still wanted to grow corn because then he wouldn't have to worry about running out of feed for the ranch. If he tried to raise one thousand animals, then they would eat a lot per day.



Right now Zhao was just planting corn because once the weather got cooler, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to grow any more corn out here until next year. Of course, when he couldn't grow corn, he could try planting some bamboo rice, which had a very high yield. Slowly, the rice would become their main source of food.



With the food that Green had originally bought and the food that Zhao had grown, they would have enough to feed the Buda clan for ten years. It was precisely because of this that Zhao didn't worry about food. But that didn't mean he shouldn't grow some more. Once the food was placed in the space, it doesn't appear to rot, so it didn't hurt to try to store as much food as possible.



After all, once they finished the deal with Laura's help, they might eventually buy some more slaves. More people would naturally eat more. Eventually, the amount of foo





d that they had that could feed one hundred people for ten years might not last as long, so he's going to plant some more food.



Not using this thousand acres of land would be too wasteful. If he planted some bamboo rice here, they would never have to worry about a food shortage.



Once the land changed for the better, Zhao held up his staff, ready to plant some seeds. The staff had the power of the shovel, so he was able to dig up the rest of the land, which was about seventy acres. Like magic, the land was opened up without any effort, then the corn seeds were planted.



This staff really could use all the features of the spatial farm.



It was then that Zhao suddenly remembered something. He had the farm tools, just like in the game, but where were his ranch tools? What was that about? Did he not reach some sort of requirement, so the tools were canceled? Zhao wanted to go into the space and look. Things were finished here so he decided to forget the valley for now and go back to the castle.



Meirin naturally didn't know what Zhao was thinking, but when he said that he was returning to the castle, she didn't stop him. She wanted to go back herself.



As they traveled over the water, Zhao thought about giving some more wood from the oil fruit trees to Daisy and Ann in order to make a boat. He couldn't just tell Meirin to help him over the lake everyday.



Previously, he wanted a weed boat because they didn't have any wood, but now that they had some, they could begin to slowly learn how to build wooden boats. Anyway, it wasn't like there were waves in the underground lake, so at least a raft would be sufficient.



They returned to the castle. By now the slaves had already settled in. It was time for Zhao and Meirin, along with Meg, to go back to Stony Mountain.



But before they left, Zhao gave some alfalfa seeds to the slaves and told them to plant some on the mountain. When you harvest alfalfas, not only could these crops be used as feed for the animals, they would also help fertilize the mountain.



After explaining this to the slaves, Zhao went to meet Drunk and the other black mages. Two of them, Punch and Rash, will be staying here with a hundred undead to guard the castle, while Drunk and the other three will be going into the carrion swamp to catch some spirit beasts.



The carrion swamp was a place where people would never go, but Drunk and the black mages were undead, so they were able to fit right in.



But before they went, Zhao properly gave them instructions to mainly stay in the outer perimeter of the swamp and to not go too deep. If anything goes wrong, immediately come out.



Zhao didn't want any losses to occur. Even though Drunk and the rest were undead, they were still Zhao's summons and a very large part of his fighting force, so he didn't want to lose them to the carrion swamp.



But although they were Zhao's summons, the undead black mages were highly intelligent and they had gone through many battles in the Continent over the years. Except for going against the Xinya clan and Zhao, they had never lost. So it could be said that their combat experience was considerably higher than Zhao's. However, they didn't say anything as they seriously listened to his words. Zhao was their master. No matter what, they had to listen to him.



Once he was done talking, Zhao released some undead that they could ride, which was very convenient. In addition to those were some humanoid undead that would protect them. Originally, they weren’t that powerful, but after the space made them stronger, they could now act as guards.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 90




Chapter 90





Chapter 90 - Magic Peach





Once everything in the castle had been arranged, Zhao, Meirin, and Meg went back to Stony Mountain, although there wasn't much to do but wait until Green came back.



But there was one thing Zhao was interested in: finding the people who moved against them.



Until now, there were little clues as to who attacked them. The existence of these individuals were a big threat, so Zhao wanted to find them.



It was certain that the forces behind Drunk and the black mages were powerful. Because of this, he wanted to know who they were. Such people were like a bomb that you didn't know when it would explode.



To check up on things, Zhao had the two teleport points, which allowed him to easily move back and forth between the two places, like going from your front yard to your backyard. This was convenient. But in fact, Zhao preferred to stay in the space. The space has a hot spring and his villa, plus it has the screen that allowed him to see and hear what was going on in either the manor or the castle, so he didn't actually need to run back and forth.



After Zhao first took Meirin and Meg to take a quick look around Stony Mountain and finding nothing of note, they returned to the villa.



Back in the space, Zhao had things to do. It wouldn't be long before he had to harvest the oil fruit trees, but as for the other eight acres, he decided to plant different things. Two acres of cucumbers, two acres of peas, two acres of pumpkins, and two acres of radishes. When the space leveled up, Zhao got some radish seeds from the radishes, so he decided to use the last two acres to see how many radishes those seeds could produce.



Once he was done, he couldn't just do nothing and stare at the crops, so before long he was inside the living room of his villa, looking at the spatial barn's page on his screen. He found that he really had a lot in his inventory. Oil fruit seeds, wild fruit trees, corn, wheat seeds, rice bamboo seeds, hawthorn trees, barbed vines, magic peach seeds....



Magic peach seeds? What's that?



Zhao's hand made a move and two small bags appeared in his hand. A tone chimed and the voice came:



[Magic peaches are a magic crop. Reaching level ten gives you two bags, each bag has one magic peach seed. One acre of land is needed to plant one peach seed. Magic peaches can heal the wounded and instantly restore a mage's magic. Magic peach pit can also get a war pet from any category. Blood is needed for the pet to recognize the host. Once host is considered the owner, it's non-changeable. Magic peach is a proprietary spatial crop. It can not be taken out of the space]



Zhao stared blankly as he listened to the voice. These benefits had shocked him.



It can heal wounds and also restore magic, but the most important was that the pit of the magic peach could get you a war pet. This was great!



Most people in the Continent didn't have war pets. Some would have mounts, but that wasn't the same as a pet.



Owners and their war pets have a stronger bond, which is usually formed under the Blood Pact law. They would give their blood and vitality to form a contract with a spirit beast, and that beast would become their war pet. But there was a downside. The stronger the war pet was, the more vitality you had to pay. So not many people could hope to get a powerful war pet. After all, their life was more important.



Everybody wanted a war pet, but because of various restrictions they couldn't get one. If the people in the Continent knew about this magic peach, they would go mad trying to take it.



As Zhao held the magic peach seed bags in his hands, he couldn't help but laugh. With this their combat effectiveness would





enhance even more.



Meirin and Meg were in the villa, and were alarmed when they heard Zhao's laugh. They ran to find him, not knowing what he was laughing about.



Puzzled, Meirin went around him and asked, "Master, what are you so happy about?"



Zhao looked at Meirin and smiled. "Grandma Meirin, do you want a war pet?"



Meirin nodded, naturally knowing how helpful a war pet was for an expert. "Of course. I think everyone in the Continent wants a war pet."



Zhao shook the bags in his hands with a smile. "Inside of these are two magic peach seeds that the space gave me as a reward. It takes one acre of land to plant one magic peach seed. But once it grows into a magic peach, the fruit of the peach can instantly heal your wounds and restore your magic. But that isn't the most important part. The most important thing is that the magic peach pit can help you get a war pet. Just infuse the pit with a drop of your blood and that pet will belong to you, always following you into a fight."



Although Zhao awkwardly explained this, Meirin understood what he meant. Meirin and Meg stared at the incredible bags in Zhao's hands. If it weren't for the recent magical changes around here, they wouldn't have believed what Zhao said. This was too amazing, right? How could there be such a fruit?



With uncertainty, Meirin asked, "Master, can this magical fruit really do all of that?"



Zhao smiled. "I don't know. That's just what the space said. After all, I have not planted this yet. I'll be ready to once I harvest some of the crops, then I would have the two acres of land I need to plant these two seeds, and see if they are really that amazing."



Meirin's face was flushed with excitement. "It's certainly possible. The space has never fooled us before."



"I hope so. If the magic peach can do all of that, then later you will have your very own war pet." Zhao laughed.



Meirin and Meg were very pleased with this. It was the dream of every strong person in the Continent to have a war pet, and now they had hope of obtaining one, so they were certainly happy.



Zhao opened the bag and poured the seeds out. There was nothing strange about the seeds. They looked very ordinary. Zhao looked over the peach seed several times, but he couldn't find anything special about them. He put them back in their bags, and with a wave of his hand, they moved back into the barn.



Meirin and Meg was staring at the bags until they disappeared, then they withdrew their eyes. Meirin turned around and looked out at the radishes growing outside. "I hope I can see the magic peach as soon as possible."



"Okay, just wait until I have to harvest, then I will plant those two magic peach seeds," Zhao said.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 91




Chapter 91





Chapter 91 - Radish Seeds





Meirin and Meg liked to stay inside the space. It was like paradise.



Especially with the recent discovery that they had made. They found out that when they practiced magic inside the space, their training speed was actually faster than practicing magic outside. This was first discovered by Meg.



Meg was a sixth level mage, so there was room for improvement. She had been in the space before, but she couldn't practice magic back then because she was too busy. There was just no time to practice magic until now, which allowed her to notice that her magic training speed was faster than before.



Feeling this difference, she told Meirin about it.



Meirin didn't practice that much magic anymore. She was already a powerful mage at the eighth level, so she had already reached a bottleneck. Even if she were to practice magic, in such a short time, it would be impossible to break through. Now she was so busy with many other things, she didn't have time to practice magic, and naturally she didn't discover the difference in training speed in the space.



It was only when Meg told her about it that she decided to test it out, and found that her magical training speed really was much faster in the space than outside, at least by half.



Meg also told this to Zhao, but it wasn't like he could understand it. He couldn't practice magic, so this discovery didn't give him that much of an impact. As long as Meirin and Meg enhanced their strength, it was good enough for him.



Eventually, the crops started to mature. It wasn't the radishes, but the peas that matured first. The peas only took eighteen hours to ripen, which Zhao didn't expect to be that fast. He immediately harvested the peas. Not only were peas good to eat, but they could also be used as seeds. However, Zhao didn't plant anymore peas for now.



Once he harvested the peas, he had two empty acres of land. Without needing to think about it, he planted the two magic peach seeds. After all, those things were really useful.



Since there was only one magic peach seed in each acre of land, most of the land was now empty, so Zhao tried to plant some corn seeds in that acre. The result was that the corn seeds withered the moment it was planted.



Now that the magic peach seed had been planted, that acre of land became precious. No one dared to walk over it, afraid that stepping on the ground would affect the growth of the magic peach. So whenever they got near that acre of land, they would take a detour around it.



Two hours afters planting the magic peach seed, the radishes have matured. For some reason, the radish seeds that he had gained from the radishes took twenty hours to mature. But when Zhao harvested the radishes, he felt a burst of pleasure. In total, he was able to gain one hundred and sixty thousand catty of radishes. That means he was able to harvest eighty thousand catty of radishes per acre.



Now that he had harvested the radishes, he wanted to see how much radish seeds he was able to get. Zhao couldn't help but laugh when he discovered that he was able to gain two thousand catty worth of radish seeds from those two acres. It seems that now he would never have to worry about running out of radish seeds.



Two hours later, the pumpkins had matured. Once he put the pumpkins in the barn, he planted some radishes where the pumpkins used to be. And eventually, he harvested the cucumbers, which took twenty eight hours to mature. In the meantime, he had already harvested the oil fruits.



Checking his inventory, Zhao saw that he had one hundred and fifty gold coins, two acres worth of cucumbers, two acres worth of peas, two acres worth of pumpkins, two acres worth of broccoli, two acres worth of ca





bbages, two acworth of eggplants, two acres worth of wheat, and all the radishes that took eight acres to grow. Plus he had some oil fruits that he had harvested fifteen times, and corn which he had harvested twenty eight times.



Zhao wasn't going to use the corn as animal feed, at least not directly. Once they use a mill stone, they would soon be able to start processing the corn. And once the corn was processed, they would be able to obtain some corn bran. That bran will be used as animal feed, along with radish leaves and the leftover fruit they would get after pressing the oil fruits. This should be enough to feed the spirit beasts.



Although there were no spirit beasts in the space yet, he would soon have some. Three hundred blue-eyed rabbits was not a small number. He remembered from playing the game that an ordinary rabbit would consume about a pound worth of feed every two hours.



The blue-eyed rabbits from the Ark Continent was probably a similar creature. But Zhao didn't know how much these rabbits would eat, and could only wait until Green gets back to find out.



At least he had a lot of radish leaves. That should be enough to last for awhile. And once the slaves finished planting the alfalfa seeds on Iron Mountain, they could then start processing the corn, which would give him more animal feed. Also, after Laura helps them sell the radishes, they would be able to buy an oil press. Once the oil is pressed from the oil fruits, the leftover fruit could also be used as animal feed.



Anyway, Zhao wasn't ready to raise a lot of spirit beasts. He wanted to leave some vacancies just in case there were some spirit beasts that he wanted to grab.



After he finished harvesting, Zhao felt bored so he went to check up on things with the screen. He first looked around the castle. Needless to say, the male slaves were busy repairing the castle walls, while the female slaves were arranging to go plant the alfalfa seeds. Zhao was very satisfied with this.



The castle walls didn't have any magic protection, so its defensive capabilities was very limited. But it was better to repair it than not to.



As for the alfalfa seeds, growing alfalfa wasn't simple, but neither was it complicated. Just dig a small hole in the ground and plant the seed, then pour a little water. Also, make sure that the mountain was clear of weeds, otherwise they would compete with the alfalfa.



The weeds that had been cleared away shouldn't be wasted. Daisy would prepare the weeds to make some mats. In addition to that, she hasn't stopped her research on building a Caocuan boat, though this time she was using wood.



However, they had to do things step by step. Right now their main job was to plant the alfalfa seeds. The seeds were very small, but because Green wanted to improve the land on Iron Mountain, he bought a lot of them. Their time was taken up with planting alfalfa seeds, weaving straw mats, and researching how to make a Caochuan boat.



Looking at the castle, Zhao didn't see anything wrong, so he decided to link with Drunk. By now Drunk had entered the carrion swamp, but only the outer perimeter. He and the other black mages have not encountered any powerful spirit beasts yet.



It was only through the space that he was able to communicate with Drunk. The range from the teleport point didn't reach the swamp, so Zhao couldn't see what was going on over there. Only by getting answers to his questions did he understand the situation. Drunk seems to have listened to his words. They didn't hurry inside, and was only exploring the edge of the carrion swamp.



Not finding anything wrong, Zhao felt relieved. He then switched the screen to look at Stony Mountain, where Scales and Brick were. Everything seemed calm. Nothing was happening other than the undead gathering the stones.



Bored, Zhao paddled his finger over the remote's touch screen, until he noticed something on the big screen that caught his attention.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 92




Chapter 92





Chapter 92 - Raising Fire Fish



Zhao noticed something about the ditch in the manor's yard. It wasn't the hot spring water that caught his attention, but the small fire fish.



He hadn't paid attention to these fishes before because he had been busy recently and the number of fish was too small to care about. However, when he inadvertently moved the image on the screen, he saw one of the fire fishes jump out of the hot water, which attracted his attention.



This made him remember what Green told him about the fish. Not only were they delicious, but also very expensive.



Back then, Zhao wasn't at level ten, and so he hadn't established his spatial ranch yet. That was why he didn't take any special notice of these fish. But with his ranch now opened, he could now raise animals. Even though his ranch didn't have a fish pond, he still had a hot spring in his space that could support these small fire fish.



Although he didn't know yet if these fire fish could be raised in his spatial hot spring, it didn't hurt to try. If it worked, they would have another source of income, but if it didn't, then their only loss would be losing a few small fishes.



With this thought, Zhao appeared in the yard of the manor. He walked quickly to the ditch and stood on the edge. The fire fish were just leisurely swimming around. Zhao smiled, then he reached into the ditch. Suddenly, a spatial hole opened. Hot spring water, along with some fish, fell into the space.



The moment the fire fish entered the space, the voice came and said: [Discovery of aquatic organisms. Needs special water quality requirements. Contains edible, delicate meat. Disadvantage is its small size. Improving fish. Analyzing data of fish. You can now purchase these fish in the shop. Needs fifteen hours to reach maturity. Each fish can only reproduce eight times. Each reproduction cycle will produce thirty baby fishes every eight hours. Fish requires feed every four hours. Hot spring in the farm will become their special habitat. You can now use your ranch tools]



At that moment, Zhao felt like jumping for joy, but before he did, the voice came again:

[Connection to ranch tools successful. Net tool can capture target organisms. Ranch is required to reach level ten before the net can be fully effective outside the space. If the net is currently used outside the space, it will only have a ten percent probability of capture]



[Fly swatter tool has a one hit kill ability. Ranch is required to reach level ten before the fly swatter can be fully effective outside the space. If the fly swatter is currently used outside the space, it will only have a ten percent probability of a one hit kill. Attack range can not exceed the monitoring range]



[Command function is set. This feature allows for all creatures inside the space to obey the command of the host]



[Feed conversion function is set. Host can now designate which crops will turn into feed]



After the voice finished speaking, Zhao stepped back into the space. However, he didn't see any fish swimming around in the hot springs.



He decided to open the barn, and sure enough, there was a new image of a fire fish. It said that he only had five small fire fish. Zhao immediately put the fire fish into the hot springs. Although the temperature of the water was high, it seemed to have little impact. In fact, the fish seemed to be swimming around cheerfully.



Going back to the barn, Zhao took a look to see what he could convert into feed. There were some radish leaves. Because he had been harvesting a lot of radishes, he ended up with so many radish leaves. They had been useless until now.



Zhao directly converted the radish leaves into animal feed and delivered them to the hot spring





s. He really wanted to see what the feed would look like.



The radish leaves turned into something red. Zhao couldn't help but feel surprised as he slowly walked to the hot springs. Swaying in the water were some beautiful, fiery red plants.



The fire fish swam around constantly, but occasionally they would eat one of these plants. Seeing this, Zhao understood that these plants were the feed.



Zhao had just finished when Meirin and Meg came out from the villa. They went up to him, but before they said anything, they saw that something was different with the hot springs.



Before, there was no life, but now there were fishes and plants. Such a change caused the two to look puzzled. Meirin was curious, so she asked, "Master, what's going on?"



Zhao gave a slight chuckle. "Nothing. I just bought a few small fire fish from the manor. And these red plants are the feed for these fish."



When she heard what Zhao said, Meirin couldn't help but feel surprised. She turned around and looked at the hot springs again, but this time she was overjoyed. "This is great! You can raise fire fish here. This will become another source of income."



"Ah, yes, but that's not the best part. I forgot to tell you that these small fire fish will grow into big fish in fifteen hours. Then they will reproduce and make thirty baby fishes, once every eight hours. They can do this eight times."



Meirin was amazed at this. Everyone in the Continent knew that fire fish were very difficult to raise. Even if there was a hot spring, it wasn't easy to raise these fish in large quantities. It was precisely because of this that fire fish were very rare.



They weren't just difficult to support because they only grow in hot springs, it was also because they were very picky about their food. There were many things that they didn't eat or would make them sick. That was why there weren't that many fire fish being raised.



One of the reasons these fish were able to survive in the manor was because there were very few people around, but the most important reason was because of the trees. Although the fire fish were very picky, the roots of this tree was one of things they eat. Since the trees were large, their hairy roots were long enough to reach into the ditch, becoming food for the fish. However, during the winters, a lot of the fish would still die, either because of the cold or because the trees didn't provide enough nutrients. Only a few fish had managed to survive.



Because of the difficulty of raising fire fish, not many merchants were able to sell this fish even though they were worth a lot of money. A single fire fish had a minimum price of two gold coins. Not many people could afford this price. And even if you could afford them, any fire fish will go directly to royalty or nobility.



If oil fruits and bamboo rice were one of the favorite foods of commoners, then fire fish were one of the favorite foods of the aristocracy. So no matter how much fire fish you had, you didn't have to worry about no one buying it.



Zhao didn't quite know this, but Meirin knew. Fire fish would make them money faster than selling radishes or oil from the oil fruits.



It was because she understood this that Meirin was so happy that the fire fish could be raised inside the space. She had only heard of a few places on the Continent that could raise fire fish, and they were able to make a fortune. The previous owner of the manor probably tried to make his own fortune off of these small fire fish, but then gave up when he couldn't raise enough.



Looking at these fire fish in the hot springs, Meirin felt happy. "This is really great! As long as we raise these fire fish, we won't have to worry about money."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 93




Chapter 93





Chapter 93 - Tracking the Enemy





Zhao smiled. "Grandma Meirin, I'm not ready to raise so much fire fish. If we sell so much fish in the market, wouldn't that make them worthless?"



Zhao's words was like a bucket of cold water, cooling Meirin's enthusiasm instantly. However, it was for a different reason. Zhao didn't want to flood the market with fire fish because it would affect the price, but Meirin was thinking of how it would affect the Buda clan. If people found out that their clan could raise fire fish in large quantities, she feared that the temptation to hunt the Buda clan for this method would be too great.



Meirin scowled. "Master, what you say is true. But the most important is that we must not let people know the relationship between the fire fish and the Buda clan, otherwise we would be finished. Those old nobles would want to use these fish as their own money making tool. We must be careful."



Zhao nodded. "Do not worry, Grandma Meirin. I'll be careful. Everyone only knows me by my black mage identity, so no one would suspect the Buda clan. And I have Drunk catching spirit beasts in the carrion swamp, so pretty soon the Black Waste will be safer."



Meirin nodded, then sighed. "In the Continent, you can't do anything without money. Even the old nobility are always thinking of ways to make more money. Maybe its a good thing that our Buda clan was banished to the Black Waste. At least we could hide there. As long as we don't let people know that we can raise fire fish, we should be safe."



"Yes, it's best that we make everyone forget our existence," Zhao said.



They talked for a while longer before returning to the villa to rest. After checking that there was nothing to worry about in the two places, Zhao decided to stay in the space.



Zhao really liked staying inside the space. One, because the design of the villa was a lot like those on Earth. It felt very comfortable living there. And two, the space was completely in his control, so he never felt weak.



The space never went from light to dark. The sky was always the same color. If Zhao wanted to know if it was dark outside, he had to use the screen's monitoring system.



In the evening, Zhao called in Blockhead and Rockhead to rest in the villa. As for the slaves, they were left in the castle, where there was enough food, drink, and firewood. In fact, the slaves preferred sleeping at the castle. Although the space was very comfortable, they didn't like the idea of sleeping next to Zhao. They never knew if when they were sleeping, Zhao would be awake or not, which made their hearts feel a lot of pressure. At this moment, the castle was more comfortable.



For some time now, while he was staying inside the space, Zhao had been paying attention to the magic peach tree. Fortunately, the growth of the tree was very satisfactory. This peach tree was different from the ones in Zhao's past life. It wasn't very tall, but the whole tree looked like it was carved out of a beautiful crystal.



Meirin and Meg had also been paying attention to the magic peach tree. For them, it was something really important.



In the evening, Zhao harvested some radishes. By now he had about fourteen acres worth of radishes. Once Laura gets back, he should have more than enough to sell.



As of now, the only way to make money was with the radishes, fire fish, and oil fruits. And also, the magic peaches if they ever decide to sell it.



Zhao made some calculations. Because the oil from the oil fruits were cheap and had a high demand, the sale of the oil would be steady.



The fire fish were the most valuable, but Zhao was only willing to sell them in small amounts, otherwise it w





ould draw too much attention to them.



As for the radishes, they could sell them to the general public. Although they were magic vegetables, even commoners would be able to buy them a couple of times. But most of the radishes would be sold to nobles and merchants. It wasn't like commoners could afford to eat magic radishes everyday.



However, while he could sell more magic radishes than fire fish, he still couldn't sell too much, otherwise it would have a large impact on the radish market, and he himself would have to suffer a loss in profits.



Zhao was sitting beside the magic peach tree when his soul fluctuated. Suddenly, Brick's voice appeared out of nowhere. "Master, there's trouble in Stony Mountain."



Zhao froze, then he put up the screen to look at them. The black mages wouldn't have reported to him unless the people that have been watching them have made their move. It seems like their enemies have finally run out of patience.



"Is your report accurate?" Zhao asked at once.



"Accurate," Brick said. "They're moving towards Stony Mountain, and will be here by tomorrow night."



Zhao nodded. "How strong are they?"



"Three mages, three advanced-level warriors, three hundred mid-level warriors, and one hundred assassins. Among the three mages is a light mage."



"Light mage?" Zhao murmured. "I never thought that these guys would bring a light mage. It seems like they have taken great pains to build up their forces."



There was a saying on the Continent. A light mage was a black mage's greatest nemesis. If there was a black mage in a group of people, he would be an outcast. But if a light mage was in a group of people, he would be popular. Light mages usually wore a neat white robe while always having a smile on his face. HIs warms hands would cast dazzling light spells that can heal people's wounds and attack their enemies. They were known as the perfect mage.



Zhao didn't know if it was true that light magic could restrain black magic. If a light mage was at the same level as a black mage, then the black mage would certainly suffer, but that should only be when they were at the same level. Two of the five elements were water and fire. In nature, water can overcome fire, but a glass of water can not extinguish a car on fire.



That may be so, but it has been recognized on the Continent that the best way to deal with a black mage was with light spells. Even if the light mage wasn't at a high level, he would certainly bring a great deal of trouble to a black mage. Since Zhao's identity was a black mage, it was the correct decision to bring a light mage to deal with him.



From this point, it seemed like the other side really wanted to take Zhao down. They had brought three mages, three advanced-level warriors, three hundred mid-level warriors, and one hundred assassins. The fighting strength of this team of people would certainly not be weak. Even if the undead mercenary group were to encounter them, they would take a detour to avoid them.



But Zhao wasn't afraid. To him, only the light mage was trouble. But he had to be ready. He wasn't stupid enough to just wait around. After all, offense was the best defense.



This was also an opportunity. Zhao had to show them who they were dealing with. If the enemy didn't respect them, there would be no end to what they might do.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 94




Chapter 94





Chapter 94 - Ambush



Zhao told Brick to find out more about their forces, but the undead black mage said, "Master, that's not going to be easy. The other party has a large number of assassins, and since I don't look like I'm alive, I fear that I won't be able to sneak into their camp."



Zhao nodded. "Well, just make sure to tell me the place where they settle down tomorrow."



Brick obeyed, and suddenly there was an absence of sound.



Zhao immediately went into the villa and cried out, "Grandma Meirin, Grandma Meirin!"



Meirin was resting, but when Zhao called, she quickly rushed towards him. "Master, what is it?"



Meg also came out of her room when she heard the sound. Her meditation was interrupted by Zhao's shouting. Meg was trying to accelerate the speed in which her strength increased, so she would have more power to protect Zhao.



When Zhao saw Meirin, he greeted her and said, "Grandma Meirin, I just received a message from one of the black mages. There's an army coming towards Stony Mountain. Three mages, one of which is a light mage, three advanced-level warriors, three hundred mid-level warriors, and one hundred assassins are going to attack the estate tomorrow night."



Meirin's face had a shocked expression. Her eyes flashed. "Can you find out who they are?" Meirin, of course, had often followed Adam's father into the battlefield. Even if she had a good temper, if someone wanted to mess with them, she would not stand for it. It would not do you any good to offend an eighth level mage.



Zhao shook his head. "No, because there are assassins. Brick can't move too close. Since he's an undead, it would be impossible to mix in with their group. But even though it's difficult to find out who these forces are, I told him to pay attention to their movements. I want to know where they will settle down so we can ambush them tomorrow."



Meirin paused for a moment, thinking over what Zhao said, then she nodded. "That's a good idea. But now our strength is too weak. I think you should call back Drunk and the other black mages from their job. We'll need all the help we can get by tomorrow."



Zhao agreed, then he thought of something and his face changed. "Grandma Meirin, what about Grandpa Green? Won't they have sent people to deal with him? He doesn't know what's happening right now."



Meirin smiled. "Master doesn't need to worry. There's a reason that old man has survived for so long. Rest assured, he will come back."



Once he felt better, Zhao said, "Well, I'll go call the black mages back and bring the slaves into the space."



"Tell them to come back immediately. We need to prepare," Meirin said.



Zhao nodded. "I will gather everyone. Grandma Meirin, you go meditate."



Meirin turned to go back to her room, where she prepared herself properly so that she would be in her best condition for battle.



Zhao sent Drunk a message. As for the slaves, he didn't immediately bring them into the space, choosing to wait until the next day since he didn't wish to disturb their night's rest. Staying in the castle was safe enough for now.



The next morning came. Zhao got Blockhead and Rockhead to organize the slaves and bring them into the space.



At noon, Zhao received some news. Brick had told him that the enemy had set camp in a canyon south of Stony Mountain. Upon receipt of this message, Zhao told Brick to sneak back to the manor. After all, the enemy could have people watching over Stony Mountain.



Assassins weren't weak, though what they learn was completely





different than an average warrior would be taught. As well as martial arts that made their body light and one hit kill techniques, they were also good at hiding their presence.



Being adept at hiding one's presence meant studying the properties of darkness. Ever since Brick became an undead, his entire body had become one with darkness. It could be said that he could hide himself just as well as a trained assassin. He didn't even need to breathe.



Once Brick was within range of the manor, a hole appeared, allowing Brick to enter the space. He saluted when he saw Zhao.



Zhao waved back and said, "While avoiding people, how long do you think it'll take to get back to the canyon?"



"Before dark," Brick said at once.



Zhao nodded, then handed his ghost staff to Brick. "Take this staff and head on over to the canyon. Don't do anything after that."



Brick obeyed. He held the ghost staff, which became half a meter long, then left the space. Once he was outside, he immediately started rushing towards the canyon.



The ghost staff was one of the benefits of the level up. It was bound to Zhao and was impossible for others to use it. However, it didn't mean that Brick couldn't hold it while running around.



Meirin had been standing beside Zhao, and although she didn't understand why Zhao gave the staff to Brick, she didn't ask. She believed that Zhao knew what he was doing.



Zhao went into the villa and turned on the screen in the living room. They were now able to see outside, but the image on the screen constantly kept changing.



With what Meirin knew about the laws of the space, the screen could only show an image within a five hundred meter range from a center point. Because of this, the image on the screen generally doesn't move around that much. But now the image looked like it was in a hurry, proving that the center point to the space was mobile.



Brick was moving fast, which they could clearly see on the screen. But he wasn't running in a straight line, and instead was moving around in a strange pattern. The route he chose would usually stop in places that were hard to see, like hidden areas with shadows that could cover his body. However, despite this, his speed was certainly not slow.



As Brick moved around the mountains, the image on the screen shook a lot, making Zhao feel dizzy looking at it. He closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them, but he wasn't looking at the screen. Suddenly, he got up and walked out of the room.



Meirin followed him. "What is it, Master?"



"It's nothing. Drunk and the other black mages just came back. I didn't expect them to return that fast."



The black mages had been exploring the outer perimeter of the carrion swamp when Zhao told them to return to the castle. Although he expected them to make it back in time, he didn't think it would be so quick.



Without any hesitation, he pulled them into the space. However, they hadn't managed to capture any undead spirit beasts, so they weren't able to increase their army.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 95




Chapter 95





Chapter 95 - Once and for All





Now was not the time for Zhao to ask Drunk about the situation in the carrion swamp. There were plenty of opportunities to ask something like that in the future, but now they had other matters to attend to.



After more than two hours, Brick had reached the canyon. The canyon was a good location to make camp, a flat area between two mountains that had a small stream. Also, because of the flat terrain, this place made it difficult for people to hide and ambush them.



But not for Zhao. Any place can become a place of ambush, since he could make his army instantly appear in a patch of the canyon.



Zhao and Meirin stepped out of the space and carefully looked over the canyon's terrain. They couldn't get a good look at the opposite party since there weren't any decent hiding places closer than this. This spot was their only option.



Meirin had a certain understanding of the battlefield. If this army was just made up of some random fighters, then with Zhao's power, they would be able to defeat them. But if this army was unified under the command of someone rich in battle experience, then exterminating them would not be so easy. Such a person would be difficult to deal with.



After seeing the canyon, they returned to the space.



They went to the living room in the villa to watch the screen. It was a good time, so Zhao then called Drunk to tell him what happened in the carrion swamp.



The news that Drunk gave him disappointed Zhao a little, even though he expected it. Their job was just to explore the edge of the carrion swamp, so they didn't really gain any insights into the place nor did they find any powerful undead or spirit beasts. Most importantly, they weren't able to get any plants. The area they were searching was like an enormous muddy pond that was difficult to walk in, slowing down their actions.



The first layer of the carrion swamp was a lifeless marsh. Fortunately, the undead that came along with Drunk and the black mages, under Zhao's command, were born from the carrion swamp. The undead had been living in the swamp their entire life, to the point where they could move around by instinct. It was where they were born, grew up, died, and became undead. The carrion swamp was their home.



That was exactly why the carrion swamp was a powerful place. The spirit beasts that died there became undead creatures that was able to slowly level up. The only other place in the Continent that had such capabilities was Deep Magic. People believed that there was a devil in Deep Magic that was able to bring you back to life if you had a reason to continue living after you died.



It was because the carrion swamp was a place that constantly produced undead that made it so strong. Since the carrion swamp was where you could turn dead animals into undead and the fact that it has killed so many experts, it became known as a special place that was off limits.



This was why Zhao told Drunk to be careful. They had to first explore the swamp to better understand it before stirring up trouble. Even though this time Drunk and the black mages didn't gain anything, next time they would prepare for a more in depth look inside the carrion swamp.



After Drunk told Zhao everything that happened, he put the black mages away, then quietly sat in the living room while watching the screen. But Meirin noticed that Zhao simply wasn't paying attention to what was happening on the screen, and was probably thinking over Drunk's words.



"Master, although Drunk didn't gain anything, at least they didn't suffer any losses. It's good enough that they survived the carrion swamp. There is a reason why it's worthy of being one of the five forbidden areas in the Continent.&quo





t;



"No, I don't blame Drunk and the other black mages. They did a good job," Zhao said. "I was just thinking of how big of a threat the carrion swamp is. If we want to create farmland and raise animals in the Black Waste, I would prefer if we could find some way to get rid of it.



Meirin frowned. "That is impossible. After so many years, no one has ever conquered the carrion swamp."



"That doesn't mean that we can't try. No one has ever really tried to conquer the carrion swamp because they didn't live near it like we do, so we have to try."



Meirin understood what Zhao meant. The reason why no one has been able to conquer the carrion swamp was because, first, it was too dangerous, and second, no one lived near it. It wasn't like the carrion swamp would ever be a threat to them. They didn't have to suffer through any painful experiences from it. But the Buda clan was different. If they couldn't handle the carrion swamp, then the Buda clan would never develop. Armies of undead spirit beasts could just rush out of the carrion swamp, destroying everything in their path until there was nothing. It was the greatest threat to the Buda clan.



Blockhead and Rockhead had been quietly listening to what Zhao said. At one point, Blockhead couldn't help but say, "Master, the carrion swamp is a big threat, but as long as we have the space, we will be safe. It's too dangerous to go to the carrion swamp. If we die, it doesn't matter. But if Master dies, we wouldn't be able to face our clan's ancestors. You have to be careful."



Blockhead's tone was heavy. When she heard what he said, Meirin's face changed. Recently, because of Zhao's various fantastic accomplishments, she no longer worried about Zhao's safety. But Blockhead's words reminded her that Zhao was the last child of the Buda clan. If anything were to happen to Zhao, then the Buda clan would no longer exist.



Zhao looked at Blockhead, and he couldn't help but give a wry smile. "You think that I'm messing with the carrion swamp because I want to? The space won't protect us forever. Remember that I drank the Water of Nothingness. I can't learn magic or martial arts, and my body is weaker than the average person. If one day I were to get sick and die, or become old and die, do you think that the space will continue to exist? Once the space is gone, what else do you think the Buda clan has that can resist the carrion swamp?"



From Zhao's words, everyone's face turned white. Zhao waved his hand and continued, "The Water of Nothingness doesn't just affect me. My descendants up to twelve generations would also be unable to learn magic or martial arts. Once I am gone, I fear that it would be impossible for the Buda clan to stop any spirit beast attacks. We need to resolve our situation with the carrion swamp once and for all."



Meirin opened her mouth. She wanted to say something, but in the end she didn't say anything. What Zhao said was true. Zhao's amazing magical space was something the Buda clan depended on. If one day it was really gone, then they would be finished.



In Zhao's eyes, he wanted the Buda clan to endure for generations, so they had to address the threat of the carrion swamp.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 96




Chapter 96





Chapter 96 - Renamed



Meirin was very clear on the fact that drinking the Water of Nothingness would make your body weaker than the average person. If Zhao were to die, then they would lose the space that the Buda clan heavily relies on.



What was most important was the undead from the carrion swamp and Drunk and the black mages. If the space were to one day disappear, would those guys disappear as well? Even worse, what if those guys didn't disappear and their evil nature was restored? That would be trouble.



They had to pay attention to Zhao's safety, not only for the space, but also because he was the last child of the Buda clan. If he weren't the only one, and there were actually many heirs, then they wouldn't pay that much attention to Zhao.



It was tradition that only an heir could inherit the family name, and the nobles upheld tradition. As long as the family name could be passed along, and the clan remains a noble clan, then they could make a comeback one day.



Because of Zhao's words, the people in the room didn't know what to say.



Zhao looked at everyone and smiled a little. When he came to this world, he became Adam Buda, the sole heir to the clan. If the Buda clan wanted to develop, they had to rely on him and his future descendants. If he ever died, then they would need the support of his children, but Zhao didn't think that his children would inherit the space. If his children couldn't inherit the space, nor could they not learn magic and martial arts, then the Buda clan would just be bullied until they were no more.



Even if he had children, their young mentality might not be enough to figure out the problems of the Buda clan. In fact, Zhao's mental age was around thirty years old, from his time on Earth. He didn't think like a child. He often thought about falling in love. Zhao fancied himself that one day he would have a wife and kids, living in a house with a white picket fence.



But ever since he came to the Ark Continent, he had been too busy to think about those things. He was no longer Zhao from Earth, but Adam Buda, the sole heir to the Buda clan. Not only did he inherit Adam's body, but also his responsibilities.



It wasn't easy. There were enemies all around. They were surrounded by one of the Continent's five forbidden areas, and from time to time there would be outbreaks of spirit beasts. Even though he had the space, he had to be careful. One wrong step and it would be over.



As he looked at Meirin, he didn't have the heart to tell her that, so he said, "Solving the carrion swamp crisis is not impossible. The reason that no one has conquered the carrion swamp after so many years is because they didn't have the space. The spirit beasts from the swamp may be powerful, but as long as they are captured by the space, then they will become loyal to us. As for the swamp's poisonous atmosphere, we don't have to worry about that. We just need to gather its toxic plants and slowly accumulate them so the spatial water could strengthen its detoxification effects. With this, we do not need to worry about the carrion swamp."



It was like Meirin was going through mood swings. Initially, she wasn't worried because she knew that Zhao had been leveling up the space, making it more powerful. But then she suddenly realized how big of a threat the carrion swamp was if Zhao were to die and the space were to disappear. Then finally, from what Zhao just said, even if she hadn't fully settled down, she still felt relieved. "It seems like you've developed a good plan. When Drunk and the black mages catch the powerful undead spirit beats, the swamp's strength would gradually decline, while our strength will increase. In the future, maybe we can solve the problem of





the carrion swamp."



"Yes, we can say that the Buda clan has been forced to the end of its tether. If we can not take root in the Black Waste, the Buda clan will likely disappear, so we have to do everything we can to survive," Zhao said, then he turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, I thought it over, and starting today I will be renamed as Zhao Buda. The Adam name is dead, so now call me Zhao."



In his past life, he had been called Zhao for three decades, but after coming here, he was given the name Adam Buda, even though he didn't want to be called by that name. Do not forget, it was a name he brought from Earth. In addition to the space, it was the only thing that connected him to his past life.



Meirin didn't react to the fact that Zhao wanted to change his name. As long as his surname remained the same, then it was fine. Meirin had a lot of respect for Zhao, even more than Zhao's father. It was because of the space. She had never seen such a powerful ability before.



Even though the space had no attack capabilities, with the space, no one would be able to harm Zhao.



But there was something that Meirin didn't find out. The space's mind control program. If there were people that were dead set against Zhao, like Blockhead and Rockhead, who had originally only listened to Green, the space would then make them respect Zhao. After all, they had watched as Zhao grew up into a troublemaker, and they treated him as such, but after entering the space, the way they thought of him became completely different.



However, even if the space made them respect Zhao, it didn't take away their own independent thoughts. If they think that Zhao is doing something wrong, they will oppose him. They will not blindly respect him. It was precisely because of this that Zhao and everyone else hadn't discovered any abnormalities caused by the space.



Meirin nodded at the name change. "This is no big deal. Anyway, it's not like Master can walk around on the Continent with the name Adam, so calling you Zhao is a good idea."



Suddenly, something flashed on the screen, attracting Zhao's attention. Everyone looked at the screen, and they saw several of the assassins surrounding the canyon. It seems like the last of the enemy's army had finally arrived.



Zhao carefully observed the assassins' actions. Although the screen only had a range of five hundred meters, it still gave him a good look of the canyon. They looked like they were guarding the canyon from anyone who wanted to sneak past them.



Zhao couldn't help but nod his head, then he turned to Meirin. "This time we're dealing with people that are very careful. I better move Brick into the space, otherwise they might find him."



"Yes, ah, these people are well organized," Meirin said. "Master, call Drunk and other black mages here as well. Let them get a good look at the people camped in the canyon."



Zhao nodded, then he called forth all the eight black mages to him. They came to Zhao's side when they received his summons, then after saluting him, they stared at the screen like Zhao told them to.



The image on the screen changed. The assassins paused, then they scattered around a brigade of troops that have just entered the camp. This brigade was mostly made up of warriors that were walking. Aside from them were three mages and three warriors riding on horses.



One of the mages was dressed in a white robe. This robe was completely different from Zhao's black robe, it was gorgeous, had no hat, and it was silky smooth. Its white color shined with light under the afternoon sun. Along with the gorgeous robe, the light mage was holding a white staff that was studded with a huge transparent gem that flashed the seven colors of the rainbow whenever the sun shined on it.



The light mage himself looked young, evidently only around thirty years old. He appeared to be kind with a gentle smile on his face, someone you could have a leisurely chat with.



But Zhao had a different opinion.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 97




Chapter 97





Chapter 97 - Green Returns





Meirin carefully looked at this man. "The white robes obviously indicate him as a light mage, but he still looks like he's at a low level, probably just the sixth level."



Everyone nodded. To tell the truth, this person didn't look like he could be compared to someone as strong as Meirin.



However, Drunk spoke up. "This man is named Garan, a light mage of the seventh level. Two years ago, our group fought against him and suffered a small loss, although he didn't do much better. He brought a team of fifty people that managed to injure us, but in the end, no one on his team was left alive, except for him. Not only is this guy a light based mage with strong attack power, he's also skilled at summoning with light magic. He is very difficult to cope with."



Zhao was surprised. He didn't expect that Drunk would know this person, so he quickly asked, "What is the origin of this person? Why did he fight you?"



Drunk sneered. "Light mages are hypocrites. They say that they're the voice of God and that light magic is the most valued out of all other magic, especially black magic. They use a variety of excuses to treat black magic as dirt. It was because of them that black mages on the Continent are so unpopular. When we started robbing people, how could that self-righteous pompous guy miss the opportunity to show off against us."



Zhao frowned "You've dealt with him before, and yet he seems to have the strength to provoke us. Do you know if he's gotten stronger?"



Drunk shook his head. "I don't know. But I probably know who the two mages around Garan are. Although I have never met them, from what I could see on the surface, I guess that these two are the Jie Shi Ling twins."



Meirin nodded. "Yes, they look like them. Although I have never seen their faces before, from their age and the way they're dressed, they are most likely the Jie Shi Ling twins."



Zhao looked at Meirin with a puzzled face. "Grandma Meirin, are the Jie Shi Ling twins strong?"



"Very strong. They are both earth mages. Not only are they proficient in earth magic, they are also known to be able to summon a stone giant. Stone giants are earth creatures with a height of eight meters. Their bodies are made of rocks, which they can also use as projectiles. The most important thing about these creatures is that as long as they don’t leave the ground, their strength will never become weak. They are very difficult to deal with. Because these two brothers are very proficient in summoning, the Jie Shi Ling twins have become very famous."



Zhao nodded, then he looked at the two yellow robe mages. To be honest, they looked exactly like what Zhao thought a mage should look like. They weren't young, looking to be about fifty years old, with some gray hair and a very long beard. Their bodies were thin, giving people a scholarly feeling. It was like looking at two ancient people who have spent their whole lives doing nothing but learning.



This was completely different from what the light mage looked like. In Zhao's eyes, Garan didn't give him a good feeling. His boyish smile seemed too fake, the way he dressed was too smug, everything about him made it seem like he was a liar. Even though the Jie Shi Ling twins were also Zhao's enemies, he at least got a good feeling from them.



Zhao then turned to look at the other three men on horseback. They were certainly the three advanced warriors. Seeing these three men, Zhao's eyes couldn't help but shrink.



These three were too strange. When you looked at them, you would get a cold feeling, and it wasn't because they were wearing black warrior clo





thes. It was something about their temperament.



Zhao knew that this was their killing intent, but it was different from the killing intent coming off the soldiers. It was cold and strange. In the battlefield, the killing intent from the soldiers would be fair and upright, as high as a mountain and as wide as the sea. But these three, their killing intent didn't radiate as strongly as the soldiers, but more like a hidden snake slithering around. The danger you sensed from them felt disgusting.



When Meirin saw these three men, her face changed. Although she didn't know who they were, she felt that these three men were up to no good.



Just then they all heard Shift, the undead assassin, say, "These three individuals are so strange. They actually seem very familiar, like we used to know them."



Zhao paused when he heard what Shift said. Shift didn't seem like a liar. If he said that these three men gave him a familiar feeling, then he couldn't be wrong. It seems like he had dealt with these people before. Shift could very well solve the mystery of their origins. With him, they may get to the bottom of who these forces belong to.



Zhao turned to Shift and asked, "Shift, do you remember anything?"



But Shift shook his head. "No, I don't. But I feel as if I should know these three men. It's very strange."



Zhao was disappointed, but he moved on. He turned to Drunk and said, "Drunk, carefully look at the camp. We're going to attack them tonight, so remember their positions, especially where the assassins are."



Looking at these people, it was clear that the highest amongst them were the six people on horseback, but apparently they weren't commanding this army. The one in command seems to be a warrior wearing ordinary leather armor. He was around forty years old with a weathered face, and he had the ability to keep this army well-organized.



Zhao felt like he was watching a movie on tv about someone bossing people around to build the camp. In the middle of the camp were two large tents, ready for the three mages and the three advanced warriors. Everyone else was living in small tents.



As the camp was being built, suddenly there was a light coming from the middle of the camp. The light mage was whispering a spell as he waved the magic staff in his hand. A mass of white light erupted and spread out.



Meirin was surprised as she saw what the man was doing. "Emmanuel Ghost Probe? It turns out that he is actually an eighth level light mage."



Zhao looked puzzled. "Grandma Meirin, what is this emmanuel ghost probe?"



"The emmanuel ghost probe is a special kind of light magic. It is specifically used to find creatures of darkness. It is very sensitive. As long as it has anything to do with dark magic, it will not escape detection. Only a light mage of the eighth level can cast this spell."



Zhao looked at the screen and muttered. "It seems like it was a good idea to call Brick back, otherwise they would have found him."



Meirin nodded. "Ah, yes, even if you let Brick stay outside, he might have been able to escape those assassins' searches. After all, it would be impossible to look through all the mountains around the canyon. But it would be impossible for Brick to hide from the emmanuel ghost probe. These guys are really cautious."



Zhao's face grew heavy. "Yes, they are. Tonight's attack has to be successful. We can't let them prepare anymore than this." He was about to continue, but then suddenly he received news of Green's return. Surprised, he immediately switched the screen to show the manor on Stony Mountain. When Zhao saw that Green was standing in the yard, he opened a hole to the space to allow him to step inside.



When Green came into the space, they immediately greeted him, but then Meirin looked puzzled. "Did you buy any rabbits? Why did you come back empty handed?"



Green smiled. "Do not worry. I bought some rabbits. I just asked the people from the Markey Company to help me with shipping them over. But on the way back, I found that someone was following me closely, which made me afraid that something may have happened back home. I came back as quickly as I could. So, did anything happen?"



They all gave Green a wry smile. Seeing the look they gave him, Green's face changed. "What happened?"



Zhao told the situation to him, then he switched the screen back to the canyon for Green to see. Green stared at the camp, his eyes flashing with coldness. "Well, it seems like they're not afraid of death. Master, tonight let's attack them."



Zhao nodded. "We feel the same way. This time the enemy is very strong. One is an eighth level light mage, and the other two are earth mages at the seventh level. There are also three advanced warriors, plus a few mid level warriors and assassins. If we want to beat them, we have to try to find any clues that could help us."



With that, Zhao moved the image on the screen to Garan's tent.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 98




Chapter 98





Chapter 98 - Opposite



Garan and the other mages were sitting in the tent. He was holding a book that looked very strange. It wasn't an ordinary book. The paper was made of sheepskin and the cover was made of metal that shined silver white. Other than that, the book didn't seem that important. It wasn't very thick, appearing to have only a total of five pages.



Seeing this book, Green and Meirin both exclaimed, "The Iron Book?"



Except for Zhao, everyone else felt surprised when they heard what Green and Meirin said. They had a look of shock as they stared at the book in Garan's hands.



Zhao didn't know what this book was, but from everyone's reactions, he knew that it was important, so he quickly asked, "Grandpa Green, what is the Iron Book?"



Green recovered from his shock, but his eyes still lighted up when he looked at that book. "This book was created by a master alchemist. He spent nearly two decades making it out of special magical materials. These materials are so precious that even if you knew the method to make this book, it would be very difficult. Each of the pages of this book could be used to seal a magic spell. Once a magic spell is sealed in this book, you just need a little bit of magical energy to activate it, regardless of what rank it is."



Zhao was surprised, but he understood at once what this could mean. This book was equivalent to a cannon with unlimited ammo. You just needed to press the button to launch it. As long as you had the strength to press a button, you would never run out of firepower.



Once Green finished, Meirin gave a wry smile. "It seems like this time we will have to face something big. We don't know what level of magic is sealed in that book. If the level is high, then it would be trouble for us. We have to grab that book and gain its power for ourselves."



Zhao nodded, then he turned to Shift and said, "Shift, wait until evening to go to war. First, we have to deal with Garan. Be sure to kill him. Remember that this guy is very cautious. You must be careful, there might be traps that he's come up with."



Shift bowed, then said, "Yes, Master."



Zhao then turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, our primary goal is Garan. Make sure that he can't run. Since he has the Iron Book, he must be an important figure in the organization. We might find clues on his body."



Green nodded. "Rest assured, Master, he will not escape."



Zhao then looked at Meg, who was staring enviously at the Iron Book on the screen. "Meg, if you can get this Iron Book, it will belong to you."



Meg was surprised for a moment, then happiness formed on her face. "Really? You're not lying?"



Zhao laughed. "I'm not lying to you. You are a sixth level mage, and you don't even have a magic staff. For now the Iron Book will be yours to use. That is until we have the opportunity to get you a magic staff."



Meg grinned. "Well, I'll wait. But Master, if you're going to get me a magic staff, at least get me one like your ghost staff. It's beautiful and easy to use."



Zhao laughed again. "When I get the chance, I will give you a handy magic staff."



Zhao felt happy. If he didn't find these people, then their attack against him might have succeeded. But he was sure, that even if these people's attack succeeded, he wouldn't suffer much of a loss, because he still has the space. Now that he had found these guys, they will not be able to run. Although their power was very strong, do not forget that their clan had wasn't that weak. It should be enough to deal with them.



Most importantly, Zhao





wanted to kill them all, then get Drunk to turn them into undead. Even if they don't become high level undead, he could just toss them into the space, and their power would be upgraded. He would then have an army of strong fighting men.



Still, he hoped that there was some way to turn them into high level undead so he could find out who is behind them in the end.



With this thought, Zhao couldn't help but turn to Drunk and asked, "Drunk, is there any way for you to turn Garan into a high level undead?"



Drunk shook his head. "I can't, Master. Garan is a mage of light. Such a person could only become a low level undead at most. And he will never be able to level up. Light magic is the opposite of black magic. The undead simply can not have any properties of light."



Zhao's face was bitter. "The highest person in that army is Garan. He may know the most secrets. If we can't find anything out from him, it seems like we'll have to look for our answers somewhere else. Drunk, can you turn an ordinary warrior into a high level undead?"



Drunk told him that it was possible. Although he couldn't do it by himself, combining his power with the other black mages might be able to get it done.



Zhao then turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, the Jie Shi Ling twins should be two people with a lot of influence. Should we also try to turn them into high level undead?"



Before Green could answer, Drunk said, "Master, turning a person into a high level undead is not easy. Even with the strength of all eight of us, at most we could change one person every decade. It's simply impossible to turn a lot of people into high level undead."



Zhao thought about it, then said, "Then let's forget it. We'll have to find some clues another way."



Green nodded. "Ah, yes, I am upset that the enemy has looked down on us. I hope that this time we would be able to find out some clues. But Master, there is some good news. Miss Laura has sent a message through the Markey Company, saying that she will return to Casa city in three days. It is certain that she will come visit us."



Zhao had a happy look on his face. "Good, good. She is finally coming back."



Just then, they all suddenly heard a voice. "Brothers, I would like to thank you two for coming here with me to help. I heard that this black mage called Zhao has colluded with the Immortal Mercenary Group on his way to Casa city. Together, they have massacred several villages to deal with Miss Laura. Fortunately, she was rescued by a passing expert, otherwise she would have been in a lot of danger from these evil people. We must remove them as soon as possible. This is a good thing we're doing for the Continent and the people."



Green, Zhao, and everyone else looked stunned. Garan was talking nonsense, and before he even finished, Zhao exhaled and almost shouted, "Shameless! I have never seen anyone so shameless! Instead of being rescuers, we have become the ones causing harm. He must have a thick skin if he could run his mouth off like that to justify himself."



Green was also annoyed at what he heard. "These light mages are used to being smug. They're just pretending to have good morals. It's disgusting."



"That guy is so annoying," Meirin said when she heard Garan's words.



Just then, one of the Jie Shi Ling twins said, "Mister Garan is too kind. In the Continent, you are notoriously known as a slayer of evil. To help you with this small favor brings honor to us two brothers."



"Brothers, you are too kind." Garan smiled. "I have only faced the Immortal Mercenary Group once a few years ago. Back then, I was just a measly sixth level mage. Although I was able to injure them, they were able to run away. This time I'm hoping I will discover some clues on Zhao's body that will help me find the Immortal Mercenary Group."



The Jie Shi Ling twins were obviously interested in this topic. They started to ask what happened. Garan smiled and talked about how he dealt with the Immortal Mercenary Group when they first faced each other.



Zhao, however, wasn't interested, so moved the image on the screen to the advanced warrior's tent. But he was disappointed. The three advanced warriors were doing nothing but sitting there, meditating.



After a while, they still didn't do anything. Zhao wasn't able to find out anything from them. It seems like the identity of these three guys wasn't so simple.



Zhao again switched the image on the screen, but this time into the command tent of the ordinary warrior. He was surprised to see the man sitting in the tent, frowning as he looked over a map. He didn't say a word.



Zhao brought the screen closer and carefully looked over the map. As expected, it was a map of the rocky terrain around Stony Mountain.



Green also looked at the map, and sighed. He then turned to Zhao. "Master, I think it's useless to get Drunk to turn this man into an advanced undead. He is just a mercenary, not part of Garan's group."



Zhao nodded, then he brought the screen back to the three advanced warriors to see if he could find out anything at all. Carefully looking at them, he asked, "Shift, do you really think that these three men seem familiar to you?"



Shift nodded. "Yes, Master. I really feel that they're familiar."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 99




Chapter 99





Chapter 99 - Antidote





Shift didn't know why, but he felt that these three advanced warriors felt very familiar, although he couldn't think of the reason.



Looking at the camp, they didn't find anything unusual. Garan was still talking with the Jie Shi Ling twins as if they already had their enemy within their grasp.



At their current strength, it should be enough to deal with Zhao. After all, his identity was a black mage, and Garan was a light mage at the eighth level. His power was the direct nemesis of black magic.



They also didn't forget about Zhao's servants, which they found out about by searching for news about Laura's battle with the Immortal Mercenary Group. Green should be at the same strength as their three advanced warriors. Even if they couldn't beat him, they should be able to hold their own with any problem. And the Jie Shi Ling twins could naturally deal with Meirin. Because of this, Garan was very confident that they would win.



Zhao had been moving the image on the screen to look through the whole camp, but only Garan's tent had something noteworthy. The others simply had nothing worth their attention.



Zhao was waiting for the sun to go down before they could act. While they were waiting, all they could do was spy on the camp. But just as they started to think that trying to get anymore information from watching Garan was useless, suddenly they heard a voice. "Report."



All three mages faced the entrance to the tent. "Come in," Garan said.



A black clad assassin came in from outside. He handed a piece of paper to Garan, but before Garan could say anything, he turned and left the tent.



The behavior of this man was rude. However, the strange thing was that Garan didn't seem angry. "All of these assassins truly belong to the Purcell clan," Garan told the Jie Shi Ling twins. "I am merely here to help them remove this scourge from their territory. That was why that assassin acted in such a superior way. After all, I'm a good natured person, otherwise I would have taught him a lesson."



Garan chucked before he continued. "Since we're dealing with Zhao, the Purcell clan has provided us with a lot of help. They also calculated this very well. They gave us enough information and forces to fight against Zhao. But if somehow we are defeated, none of this could be traced back to their clan, so they don't have to fear any retaliation from Zhao the black mage."



When Green heard what Garan said, he couldn't help but burst out and say, "It seems that this attack really is related to the Purcell clan."



He had just finished speak when they heard Garan's voice again. "Sure enough, Zhao's advanced level warrior should get back to Stony Mountain by tomorrow. We can't do anything tonight. We'll have to wait until tomorrow before we could finish the job of wiping out Zhao and all of his servants."



One of the Jie Shi Ling twins then spoke up. "Oddly enough, I heard that Zhao's warrior went and bought so many blue-eyed rabbits. What do you think he needs them for?"



Garan's brow wrinkled. "He's an evil person, so perhaps he might want those rabbits to test a new poison."



Green was sitting in front of the screen next to Zhao. It seems like Garan's people didn't know that Green had already come back, so they were ready to rest for the night. Tomorrow was when they would make their move.



After the tent went quiet, Zhao said, "It seems that the reputations of black mages really isn't good on the Continent. That guy even thinks that we're going to use the rabbits to test a new poison. However, it seems





like he and his army will be resting tonight. It is the right time for us to act." Zhao laughed. "The Grand Duke of the Purcell Duchy has given someone else the knife to kill us, but he doesn't know about my space, allowing us to listen in, otherwise we wouldn't have found out the people behind Garan."



Green nodded. "Since the territory of the Purcell clan is right next to the entrance to the Black Waste, they have always been a threat to us. Although we don't really need to worry about them because of the space, it's still a big hassle. We originally didn't have the power to solve our problems, but now that we have enough strength, we should go after the Purcell clan first."



After listening to Green, Meirin laughed. "With Master's space, we don't need to worry. In just a few years time, with the strength we can gain from the carrion swamp, we can take out the Purcell clan with one stroke and take over their duchy. Even if they were to find out about the improved situation of the Black Waste, how would they stop us? And do not forget, after a few decades, Blockhead, Rockhead, and Meg would have grown up. With their talent in cultivation, our Buda clan would no longer need to be afraid of anyone. If we were to lose this battle, the only reason is because we didn't think that the Purcell clan would work so hard to build this army just to kill us. We have to prepare. We can't let them think it's so easy to take us down."



Despite Meirin's words, Zhao looked concerned. "But if they were to find out about the Black Waste, then the nobility might unite against us, instead of just being attacked by one of the nobles. Even with our strength, wouldn't they be unstoppable?"



Green sneered. "Master thinks too highly of those people. They're just a group of misers that care about nothing except for money. Even if they dare get together, we will attack them first. How do you think the old aristocracy was developed? You hit them until they recognize your strength.



From what Green said, Zhao's eyes couldn't help but brighten, then he laughed. "Yes, what Grandpa Green says is right. It seems like my thoughts had been too pessimistic."



Zhao had been pessimistic because he was an otaku in his past life. A characteristic of an otaku was that they were timid. In addition, from Adam's memories, he understood how great and powerful those nobles are. Subconsciously, this made him afraid when he found out that this army belonged to one of them. He didn't want to face those people who would just grow obsessed with his farm and think to themselves that they and their children would be able to move into his Black Waste.



But from what Green said, it was like a window had opened up to let Zhao see another way. He would have preferred to get a little stronger before facing one of the nobles, but he had to admit that if he wanted to stand upright in this world, he had to get those people to recognize his strength.



With this thought, Zhao couldn't help but say, "If only I could find an antidote for the Water of Nothingness, then I would be able to get even stronger."



The moment he said those words, the voice immediately came: [To lift the host's genetic defect, you need to reach level twenty. After opening the factory, it can be done]



Zhao and everyone else in the villa heard what the voice said, but unlike Zhao, they didn't know what this sudden sentence meant. Even though they didn't know, the meaning of this sentence was very clear to Zhao. He would have never thought that the Water of Nothingness would give him genetic defects. No wonder he couldn't learn magic or martial arts.



But to his delight, once he reached level twenty, he would be able to open a factory inside his space, plus repair his defective genes.



Zhao couldn't help but laugh. Everyone gave him a puzzled look. It was only when Zhao calmed down a little that Green asked, "Master, what is the meaning of those words? And why are you laughing?"



Zhao might have been calm, but he was still smiling. "I was just thinking about how to solve the Water of Nothingness's effect on my body, which resulted with what the spatial voice said." He paused at this point, but Green could see that he was still smiling.



Green and Meirin weren't stupid. They felt slightly stunned as they began to guess what it could mean, causing them to stand up. "Master?"



Zhao nodded. "Ah, yes. Once the space reaches level twenty, I will be able to solve the problem the Water of Nothingness did to my body."



Green had a look on his face like he didn't believe Zhao. "Master, you're not joking, right?"



"It's not a joke." Zhao laughed.



Green and Meirin were laughing as well. But it wasn't just them, but also Blockhead and Rockhead. They didn't expect that the space could also give a solution to the Water of Nothingness. If that's the case, then it was like their worries have disappeared.



They had always been worried about what the Water of Nothingness did to Zhao's body. Because of it, at most Zhao would only be able to live for a few decades, so the space would only be able to exist for a few decades. But once Zhao had been cured, he would be able to learn magic and martial arts, thus increasing his natural lifespan.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 100




Chapter 100





Chapter 100 - Attack



Now that they heard there was a solution to the Water of Nothingness, they were certainly happy.



At once, Green asked, "Master, to level up the space like before, do we still need to find some special plants?"



Zhao nodded. "It seems that's the fastest way to level up that I know of. Last time, Grandpa Green, you brought a lot of things that helped the space reach the tenth level, including some common things. But to reach an even higher level, I'm afraid it might not be as easy."



Green made an ugly face, then he said, "We should focus on the development of the space and nothing else. Getting the space to reach level twenty should be our most important goal."



Meirin nodded at what they were saying. Originally, they were trying to grow the space to help the Buda clan make money. But this time it was different. Once the space became strong enough, it could provide a possible solution to the problem in Zhao's body. Nothing else mattered. Getting the cure to the Water of Nothingness was their top priority.



Zhao didn't say anything. From just one look, he could tell what they were thinking. For them, his safety always came first. To be honest, he had no objections with that. He too would also like to get rid of the Water of Nothingness out of his body as fast as possible, so that he may have the chance to learn magic and martial arts.



In his past life, with the rise of web novels, almost everyone had dreams of learning powerful martial arts or dazzling magic. They dreamed of crossing into a mysterious world and gaining these amazing abilities.



But although Zhao crossed into another world, this body had drank the Water of Nothingness, so it was impossible for him to learn magic and martial arts. He could do nothing but feel sorry for himself. But now that there was a possible solution, Zhao of course felt very happy.



After more than two hours, everyone's moods finally settled down, although there was still a slight look of excitement on their faces.



By now the image on the screen had dimmed down. Garan had lit a magic lamp and was still chatting with the people inside the tent. While outside, the mercenaries were busy cooking.



Seeing what those mercenaries were doing, Meirin remembered that she should be cooking now, so she quickly got up to cook, while also getting Meg to arrange food for the slaves.



After dinner, Zhao sent Shift out of the space with the ghost staff, and told him to find those assassins.



Shift moved around the perimeter of the canyon. Fortunately, he was an undead with eyes made of soul fire, so the dark had no effect on him. He was able to find his way around. Not only that, but it could even be said that the darkness was an advantage to him.



Those assassins appeared on the screen one by one. Apparently, they had been trained to guard in pairs, and all together they created a huge defense network around the camp. If someone wanted to sneak into the camp, they would be discovered.



Eventually, he was able to find the positions of all one hundred assassins. This took more than an hour, and by now most of the mercenaries had already fallen asleep. Even Garan and the other two mages were resting. Only the three advanced warriors were sitting there, motionless.



Looking at the three men, Green's face couldn't help but sink. He felt that these three were very murderous and were proficient in walking the assassin's road. Such people were the worst to deal with.



Seeing nothing happening in the camp, Zhao turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, we have to rest. We won't make our move until the middle of the night. When they're sleeping like the dead, that would be the most appropriate





time to attack."



After taking a look at the camp, Green nodded. "Well, then let's go rest."



Having stood up along with Meirin and everyone else, Zhao called back Shift and told him to watch the screen in the living room. If anything were to happen, or if it was midnight and he wasn't up yet, he should call him immediately. After that, Zhao went to his room.



Lying in bed, Zhao couldn't sleep. Today, the space had given him such a surprise. There was hope that he might be able to learn magic and martial arts, which made Zhao feel excited. While in bed, thoughts of what he could learn kept turning in his head, until he unknowingly fell asleep.



Zhao was sleeping when suddenly he was woken by the tone chiming and the voice telling him that the radishes have matured. He looked at the time. It wasn't that late, so he got out of bed and harvested the radishes. By the time he returned to the living room, it was already eleven o'clock at night.



Green was still up. He was sitting in the living room, staring at the screen. Although it was a little dark, they could still see the situation in the camp. With the magic of the screen, no matter how dark it was outside, they would always be able to see within a range of five hundred meters in diameter.



When Green saw Zhao come in, he said, "Master, it's late enough. I think now is the time to act."



Zhao nodded. He turned around and saw a crowd waiting for his instructions. "Shift, you will got out now and dive into the mage's tent. Remember, your only goal is Garan. You don't need to care about anyone else."



Shift saluted, then Zhao turned to some of the other black mages. "Scales, Brick, you will bring out five hundred undead to the perimeter of the canyon to deal with those assassins. Do not let them run away." Scales and Brick also saluted.



Zhao then turned to Green. "Grandpa Green, I'll leave the enemies inside the camp for you to figure out."



Green nodded. "Your undead and the other six black mages should mainly deal with the Jie Shi Ling twins. With its spiritual attack, it shouldn't be difficult to fight against them. And the remaining three advanced warriors should be handled by Meirin. As for you, Master, you should wait here and not leave the space."



Zhao had no objections. His mental age was more than thirty years old, so naturally he was no longer an impulsive young man. He knew that if he left the space, he would be killed.



When Green saw Zhao agree to not go out, he felt a little relieved. He had been afraid that Zhao would want to participate in this battle. Green then turned to Blockhead and Rockhead, as well as Meg, and said, "The three of you will also fight. If you want to become a powerful warrior or mage, constant battles is needed to help you slowly grow up. Tonight is a good opportunity. But you have to be careful."



The three of them nodded.



After he was done, Green turned to Zhao. "Master, we are ready."



Zhao nodded, then he sent out Shift. After that, he sent out Green and everyone else, including his army of undead, to several points that they had marked out.



It was one of Zhao's new capabilities that he had discovered. As long as it was within his monitoring range of five hundred meters in diameter, when he sent someone out, he could freely choose the spot where he could send them. This was very convenient for their attack strategy.



Shift appeared in the camp, and was moving around with invisibility. Zhao was only able to see him because of the red dot on the screen. Invisibility wasn't necessarily an ability that could only be done with magic. A special trained assassin could also learn invisibility.



But although invisibility seemed very magical, in general, advanced level mages and warriors didn't care about it. Even if invisibility could hide your body, you wouldn't be able to get close to an advanced mage or warrior because they would still be able to sense your magical or martial arts energy fluctuations.



Still, a very well trained assassin could hide their breath to the point where it would be very difficult for an advanced mage to find them.



Shift acted immediately as he dived into the mage's tent, but the moment he entered, a white light flashed, like a fierce bomb had exploded.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 101




Chapter 101





Chapter 101 - War!



"Not good!" Meirin and Green gasped at the same time.



From the screen, Zhao also saw what happened. With a thought, he managed to pull Shift out of danger and placed him in a predetermined spot next to Green. But his reaction wasn't fast enough since Shift still sustained some injuries.



Suddenly, magic warning lights shot out of the tent and into the sky, lighting up the whole camp.



Everyone in the camp started waking up. The first was the three advanced warriors, who immediately rushed out of their tent. Their faces had always been as still as thousand year old ice, but from what they saw outside, their faces started to change color.



The situation of the entire camp had completely changed. Everywhere you look there were huge undead, numbering more than a thousand. They were running around the camp like mad buffalo.



Many of the ordinary warriors, before they were able to leave their tents, were trampled to death by the undead. And even those who were able to get out in time had to start fighting the undead, but of course, they weren't even worthy opponents. In a single moment, out of three hundred warriors, less than one hundred of them were still alive.



The three advanced warriors were very surprised. These undead creatures were highly toxic. An ordinary warrior would become poisoned with just a single touch from the undead. They had to use all of their martial arts skill to try to suppress the spread of the toxins. If they couldn't suppress, their bodies would instantly rot with a green color, and they would fall to the ground, dead.



With their pathetic efforts to fight back, more than two hundred warriors had already been killed, some from this lethal toxin.



What also alarmed the three advanced warriors was that even though they had set up a perimeter of assassins around the canyon, they had received no warning of these undead from them. The assassins had also failed to return to aid them. This gave them an ominous feeling.



While they were standing there, stunned from what they saw, two blue water dragons rushed straight at them. The three advanced warriors immediately recovered, then they took out their swords.



Their swords weren't like the common ones that could be found on the Continent. They were similar to rapiers, thin and meant for stabbing. Generally, the nobility would wear these on their waist for decoration. But these swords that the advanced warriors carried were significantly different. The blade was black, but it also revealed hints of red. This was a weapon that looked ready to kill.



Two of the three advanced warriors stabbed their swords and eventually took down the water dragons, then they all rushed at Meirin.



Meanwhile, Meg, Blockhead, and Rockhead were fighting some of the ordinary warriors. They didn't dare participate in the battles against the high level experts, because if they did, they wouldn't even know how they died. The three had no real war experience, but their strength was more than enough to deal with these panicking ordinary warriors.



Just then, a bang came from the mage's tent. The tent split apart and two giant stone figures rose up.



The stone giants stood as firm as a mountain. They were very tall, about seven to eight meters, with a round boulder forming their heads, though it had indistinct human facial features.



Obviously, these two stone giants were summoned by the Jie Shi Ling twins. They were what made the twins famous.



Garan was standing between the Jie Shi Ling twins. He had his magic staff in one hand and the Iron Book in the other. With cold eyes, he stared at the undead running around. "Humph, shameless villain. Is that how you plan to attack?"



Garan open





ed up the Iron Book, and suddenly a massive amount of white light shot into the sky. The light slowly formed into white spheres, which then fell to the ground, like meteors, throughout the whole canyon.



Meirin couldn't help but feel surprised when she saw this scene. "Damn, it's Coming Lights. I can't believe that's one of the spells sealed in the Iron Book."



Coming Lights was a sixth level light spell. It wasn't an attack spell, but an area of effect healing spell. It brought no harm to humans or spirit beast. However, it was lethal to the undead. It might not be powerful enough to kill high level undead, but it can cause a lot of damage.



This spell that Garan released could arguably be the most useful in this situation. Because of its large area of effect, it could take down this army of undead, and even injure Drunk and the other undead black mages.



Seeing what was happening outside the space, Zhao was under pressure, trying to think of a way to protect his undead from this magical attack. He was about to pull the undead back into the space, when suddenly the voice came: [Discovery of radioactive rays. Absorbing light. Analyzing. Light rays are similar to radiation therapy. Light rays causes damage to robotic objects. Improving robotic objects]



After the voice faded away, all the undead in the canyon started flashing green light. The bones of the undead soon became crystal clear. Now when the light spell hit them, it seemed to have no effect.



Zhao stared blankly at this. He didn't understand how this could have happened. Supposedly the space had improve the undead so that they wouldn't be affected by the light, but he didn't even crack open a hole to bring the undead into the space for improvement. So how did the space do it?



Zhao was puzzled until he saw Shift, who was fighting alongside Green. Shift was injured, but he could still move around and fight. With a look of amazement on his face, Zhao finally understood how the space improved the undead. It was because Shift was holding the ghost staff. That staff was connected to the space, so naturally when it sensed the light spell, it allowed the space to improve the undead.



Figuring this out, Zhao couldn't help but laugh. He hadn't bothered to take the ghost staff back from Shift earlier because the staff was bound to Zhao. There was no way for other people to use it. Even Shift could do nothing but carry it around. If someone actually snatched it, Zhao could recover it with a single thought. That was why he wasn't in a hurry to take back the staff, which resulted in this unexpected windfall.



Everyone in the camp had also noticed that the light didn't affect the undead. Originally, the undead were moving around slowly because the light was burning them like sulfuric acid, but after they flashed with a green light, they seemed to have become more vigorous. Neither the warriors or Garan could understand how this could happen, but Green and Meirin understood. It was because of the space.



When Garan saw that the undead wasn't reacting to the light, his face became pale. He immediately used the Iron Book again, and soon light magic surrounded his body, forming a glowing white angel. The angel wore white robes and it had a wingspan fifty meters long. In its hands was a great white shield with a mighty lion face pattern on it.



This was the sixth level light spell: Angel's Protection.



Of course, it wasn't a real angel. It was just a spell that projected the light elements to create this image. This spell was used for defense.



After he released Angel's Protection, Garan put away the book and whispered a spell that formed a layer of magic around the Jie Shi Ling twins, who were sending their stone giants to fight the undead.



Not only were the stone giants strong, they could also throw parts of themselves as projectiles. Afterwards, they could just absorb the earth element from the ground to compose new parts for their body. They were very difficult to deal with.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 102




Chapter 102





Chapter 102 - One Hit Kill



So far, all of the ordinary warriors had been killed off, leaving only the three advanced warriors and Garan and the other two mages.



Those ordinary warriors weren't worthy opponents against the undead, so their failure was inevitable. As for the assassins, not one of them was able to escape from the undead led by Scales and Brick.



The result was that the three advanced warriors and the three mages were surrounded by over a thousand undead. If they wanted to run away, it wouldn't be easy.



Green and Meirin didn't stop for a second as they kept up their attacks against the three advanced warriors. Green felt that these three were too murderous, so if he gave them even a little bit of breathing room, they might take the chance to escape.



As for Garan, it was impossible for him to escape. He felt very depressed. His light spells restrain black magic, so they should be lethal against those undead. But his attack had no effect.



The Jie Shi Ling twins weren't looking any better. Although their stone giants were powerful, the magic requirement to sustain them was very large. Most importantly, they had to focus so that they could carefully control them. Once they summoned the stone giants, it was difficult to use other magic.



However, in this case, summoning the stone giants could be considered the best choice. The stone giants were huge and strong, they could catapult parts of their body, and poison had no effect on them. They have not yet suffered a loss against the undead.



Unfortunately, the stone giants were the only ones that were able to resist these strengthened undead.



When Garan discovered that his light magic was useless against the undead, he immediately changed his strategy. He decided to stand behind his teammates and support them from there.



It was a common strategy on the Continent. One of the reasons light mages were famous was because of the healing properties of their light spells, in addition to its ability to restrain black magic. In the Continent, light magic was the most effective form of treatment. Not only could it treat injuries, it could also help people recover their magic quickly.



While advanced light mages weren't weak, their attack power was comparatively less than other types of mages. It was precisely because of this that when there was a light mage on your team, the safest place for him was at the back. From this position, he could heal your wounds and restore your magic.



With this method, while standing behind the Jie Shi Ling twins, Garan would restore their magic from time to time.



At the same time as this, the three advanced warriors were trying to reach Garan to gain his support. But Green knew their intentions, so he immediately stepped up on the offensive, while getting the undead to besiege them. Although the undead were supposed to be under Drunk's command, they were at least smart enough to know that Green's identity was even higher than Drunk's, so the undead would naturally listen to Green.



All of this was happening while Zhao was quietly sitting in the living room, watching the battle. He didn’t even notice when a tone chimed in the space.



The three advanced warriors were in a tough fight. Not only did they not gain Garan's magical support, they were also facing against two experts, Green and Meirin. Plus they were surrounded by Meg, Blockhead, Rockhead, the black mages, and the undead army. For them to survive for so long was already a miracle.



The three were very powerful warriors that had received extremely rigorous training. If it weren't for that, they fear that they would have already been killed. Even so, the situation was dangerous. They were all injured, and their wounds co





ntain toxins from the undead. They had to use their martial arts skill to suppress the toxins, otherwise they would have been poisoned to death.



It was because they had to partly focus on suppressing the toxins in their bodies that their attacks and defense had declined so much. Plus fighting against an eighth level warrior and an eighth level mage was already difficult to begin with. But because of their skills in martial arts, it would still not be so easy for Green and Meirin to kill them.



That was until Shift joined the battle.



Shift's original target was supposed to be Garan. But right now Garan had blessed himself with protective magic. With Shift's current abilities, it was impossible for him to bypass that spell and get past the two mages to reach Garan. So he had to change his target to the three advanced warriors.



But the advanced warriors were in a similar situation, in which they were protecting themselves with their martial arts. But over time, Shift knew that an opportunity will appear. After fighting a long battle, plus feeling the effects of the toxin, those warriors would eventually lower their guard. That would be his chance. After all, one of the most important skills that assassins must learn was patience.



An opportunity came when Meirin sent a water dragon towards the three advanced warriors. Two of the warriors welcomed the water dragon because they were planning to scatter it like they did with the previous two. Of course, this left one of the warriors alone for a moment.



At this point, Shift suddenly appeared in the air, stabbing his sword into the advanced warrior.



After fighting all night, of course the advanced warrior would be tired and his reaction speed would dull. By the time he sensed Shift behind him, it was already too late. Shift's sword pierced through the warrior's head and out his mouth. He was dead.



Shift didn't pull out the sword. Instead, he let go of it as darts flew from his hands, going straight towards the other two advanced warriors. After he threw the darts, Shift rolled on the ground and then disappeared in front of everyone. By this time, the body of the dead warrior fell to the ground.



The two other advanced warriors were able to knock away the darts, but they failed to block Meirin's water dragon, which managed to slam one of the warriors to the ground. Before he could get back up, the undead pounced on him and ripped him to pieces.



Seeing his two fellow brothers killed, the last advanced warrior howled at the sky. Waving his sword, he rushed at Green, but before he could take a step, a mass of something black surrounded him.



It was the black magic spell, Imprison!



He yelled and broke through Drunk's magic, but then he suddenly tripped. He looked down. His feet had been entangled by green gas. This made him even more furious. He knew that this was the low level wind spell, Wind Rope. Normally, he wouldn't care about such low level magic because it was impossible for it to stop him, but he was annoyed that it slowed him down.



He easily broke off the Wind Rope, but then Meirin's Frostsaber Storm spell arrived. It was a high level spell that condensed water into ice, then spun it into a tornado, creating a huge meat grinder.



The warrior's face couldn't help but change. He knew how powerful this spell was. With it looming closer, he stabbed his sword against the Frostsaber Storm, trying to shake it off. However, the storm didn't disappear, only relenting a little.



The warrior then used a technique that made it look like he was fighting with five swords, which allowed him to break the Frostsaber Storm. But the moment the storm broke, something fast as lightning pierced through his throat.



Green had thrown his sword. It was a one hit kill!





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 103




Chapter 103





Chapter 103 - I'll Shoot You Dead



In an instant, the three advanced warriors were killed.



Once they were dead, everyone focused on Garan. Garan didn't look so good, and his face became ugly. He knew that he wouldn't be able to run away. With more than a thousand undead surrounding him, he didn't have the confidence to escape.



With the undead slowly gathering around him, Garan's eyes flashed with coldness as he shouted, "I request to see Mister Zhao."



Because of this outburst, Green stopped the undead from advancing.



Garan wanted to meet with Zhao, but how could Zhao not notice the dark gleam in Garan's eyes. He had to be careful, so he commanded Scales to take his place and pose as Zhao the black mage in front of Garan.



Zhao then gave another order, telling Shift to give the ghost staff to Scales. Scales was an undead that couldn't speak, and could only communicate through a spiritual connection. But as long as Scales was holding the ghost staff, Zhao would be able to speak through it.



It wasn't like Garan had ever seen Zhao before, and Scales was wearing a black robe. Garan should believe that Scales is Zhao.



The reason why Zhao chose Scales to pretend to be him was because Scales and Brick were the ones that were cleaning up the assassins in the perimeter of the canyon, so Garan had never seen Scales before, so he would have no reason to be suspicious.



Under the cover of the undead, Shift was able to sneak the ghost staff into Scales hands. Once Scales had the ghost staff, he immediately got on an undead's back. This wasn't Zhao's undead, since that one was placed near Garan, waiting for the order to launch its spiritual attack. Even though the spiritual attack wasn't very strong, it should be able to do some damage, even if Garan was an eighth level mage.



Scales was moving towards Garan, until he stopped thirty meters away. This position was relatively safe. Generally, magic could be used to attack him at this distance, and even the stone giants should be able to throw stones this far, but Scales would have enough time to avoid them.



At Scales approach, Green saw that it wasn't Zhao, but Scales standing on top of that undead's back. Green had known Zhao his whole life, so how could he not know that this wasn't Zhao. At the sight of Scales taking Zhao's place, Green felt very relieved. He was very much in favor of this since it would ensure Zhao's safety. For Green, it didn't matter if this would sacrifice Scales. As long as Zhao was safe, all was well.



Once Scales stood still, Zhao uploaded his voice. "Oh yes, I can see that Mister Garan came here just because he wanted to talk."



From Zhao's words, the irony wasn't lost on Garan. Garan was livid, but he wasn't stupid enough to act on it. He was smart ever since he was a child, otherwise he wouldn't have been able to become an eighth level light mage at his age. It was precisely because he was a genius that no one had ever spoken such heavy words to him before. When was the last time he had received such sarcasm.



However, Garan tried to speak in a polite tone. "Don't insult me, Mister Zhao. You obviously my name, so naturally you must know why I'm here. It seems that I have disturbed Mister Zhao, so I would like to apologize. As long as you are willing to let us leave, I will give you the Iron Book. What do you think, Mister Zhao?" While speaking, his arms extended, holding out the Iron Book.



Zhao's voice came through. "What's to stop me from just killing you and taking the book?"



The moment Zhao's words faded, Garan shouted out in an angry voice. "Then you can go die!" He opened the Iron





Book and released one of the seals. A huge white light shot straight into the sky.



Green and Meirin immediately moved to protect Scales. Green positioned himself to block any attack from the stone giants, while Meirin raised a magic shield. However, it wouldn't be effective against the spell that Garan summoned. The white light in the sky formed into a huge light sword, ready to run straight through Scales.



Meirin knew this was bad the moment she saw that sword. It was a light element attack magic, the seventh level light spell known as Trial of the Blade. Although its casting time was long, its attack power was very powerful, and it had the ability to ignore almost any defense. Even experts at the eighth level wouldn't be able to block it.



Trial of the Blade shot down, breaking through Meirin's shield. But suddenly, Scales and his undead disappeared. The five meter long light sword cut into the ground, creating a hole that was one meter deep and half a meter wide.



The proud look on Garan's face was replaced by a stunned look. He wasn't a fool, but he couldn't understand what had just happened. However, Meirin understood. Zhao simply pulled Scales and the undead into the space before the light sword could hit him. Although the light sword was very fast, Zhao just needed a single thought to make Scales vanish.



Once the Trial of the Blade faded away, Scales and the undead reappeared, and soon Zhao's voice came out again. "No, Mister Garan, it's you that will die."



After Garan recovered from his shock, he looked at Zhao with a sneer. "Do you think I will die today? Stone brothers, although I'll be leaving you here, I will avenge you one day." He opened the Iron Book and white light flowed out once again. This time the white light wrapped around Garan's body.



When Meirin saw that white light, she quickly said, "Hurry up and attack. That's a light spell that will help him escape." She was talking to Green, but Zhao was also listening



Although Zhao was sitting inside the space, he had been staring at Garan with combative eyes. This time he was really angry. When Zhao heard what Meirin said, he couldn't help but curse loudly. "I'll shoot you dead, you son of a bitch." With a thought, a giant fly swatter appeared outside the space while he quoted that tv drama.



This fly swatter was a tool from the spatial ranch. If he were to use it outside the space, he would only have a ten percent chance to use its one hit kill function.



Everyone that has ever played a game knows that your swinging speed is related to your hand speed. But Zhao had an advantage that made him a little faster. He didn't need to swing the fly swatter tool with his hands, he could do it with his mind.



However, this wouldn't increase his chances of hitting his target. A ten percent chance for a one hit kill wasn't very high, but there was no way to get it any higher. The features of the tools were based on the space's data, and the data always moved according to a fixed pattern. There was no way to increase the chances of a one hit kill beyond ten percent.



At this moment, Zhao slammed down the fly swatter, like he was killing a giant blow fly. The white light scattered and Garan was hit deep into the ground. Garan's bones were smashed to pieces and now he was nothing but a pool of blood. The one hit kill had succeeded!





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 104




Chapter 104





Chapter 104 - Strengthen Space's Attack



Almost everyone was stunned. They had never seen such an attack before. However, although Green and everyone else didn't understand what happened, they had already grown accustomed to Zhao showing off strange abilities.



But the Jie Shi Ling twins were very surprised, to the point that they didn't notice Shift lurking closer to them. He had been waiting for an opportunity, and when he saw that the twins were in a daze, Shift immediately made his move. He appeared behind one of the Jie Shi Ling twins and silently stabbed his sword through the mage.



The twin stared with frightened eyes at the sight of the sword that had pierced his body.



When the other twin saw his brother being attacked, his eyes turned red as he shouted, "Brother!" He then sent his stone giant towards Shift. "I'll kill you!"



At this point, the dead twin fell to the ground and the stone giant that belonged to him started to shake like it was about to collapse, but then a hole to the space suddenly cracked open and caught the stone giant as it fell down.



While at the same time, Zhao's undead launched a spiritual attack against the other twin, injuring him. It was difficult for mages to defend themselves against spiritual attacks, especially now when the twin had lost his mind and was bent on revenge, making it impossible for him to resist.



The twin screamed as blood spewed from his eyes and nose. He lost control of his stone giant, which also started to shake, but then another hole to the space opened up, swallowing the stone giant as it fell. After that, while the twin was still suffering from the spiritual attack, Shift stabbed his sword through him. It was over.



Once Green saw that the battle had ended, he shouted, "Drunk, sweep the battlefield."



Drunk and the other black mages saluted, and immediately began to work. In fact, their job was simple. Just turn those who had died into undead. As for the three advanced warriors, they just needed to turn one of them into a high level undead. But that will take time, so they saved it for later. Right now they were just focusing on turning everyone else into low level undead.



Zhao was also organizing his own harvest. Two stone giants had just appeared in his space. The moment they entered, the voice came and said: [Discovery of stone giants. Increasing space's ability to attack. You can now summon stone giants. Limited to ten times per day]



This gave Zhao a pleasant surprise. He didn't think that he would get something this good when he brought the stone giants into the space. Just before he could celebrate, the voice came again: [Strengthening stone giants with toxins. Extracting throwing ability. Adding throwing ability to robotic objects]



It was another surprise. The space just increased the undead's offensive power by giving them throwing abilities. The only question was what would they use for their long range attacks? For those that had spikes, would they shoot out their spikes? For those that had claws, would they throw their claws?



Suddenly, the second stone giant that Zhao brought into the space started to flash with yellow light, then it turned into mist and disappeared. Zhao didn't care, because the first stone giant that he got from the Jie Shi Ling twins started to change. It turned green and crystal clear, making it look like it was carved out of a huge chunk of jade. The stone giant now looked more human, with his head actually looking like a huge skull. Of course, its eyes didn't have the soul fire like the undead. It was just an ordinary giant stone skull.



A stone giant that was eight meters high and looking at you with a huge skull, how would you feel?



Zhao didn't hide t





he stone giant, and instead made it stand to one side. The slaves in the space looked frightened, but they knew that this huge thing was summoned by Zhao, so although they felt some panic, they were also a little curious.



Just then, Zhao smelled the sweet scent of a peach. He turned around and saw where the peach aroma was coming from. It seemed like each of the peach trees had formed a knot, where a magic peach, the size of a basketball, had grown from. The magic peaches shined with light, and its skin looked pink and fragile, like it could be broken with a single touch.



Looking at the two ripe magic peaches, Zhao couldn't help but be delighted. He remembered that a tone had chimed in the space, but at the time he didn't notice it because he was paying attention to the battle outside.



With a thought, the two peaches were harvested. They instantly became smaller as they appeared in his hands, although they still looked very beautiful. The peaches felt heavy, but what was most notable about them was their soft and doughy texture. Even though he hadn't eaten them yet, he could tell that they would taste really sweet, especially with that aroma wafting off of them. Zhao gently squeezed the peaches, but he found that although the skin of the peaches looked thin, they were very resilient. Pinching them a few times didn't break them at all.



After examining the peaches, Zhao threw them into the spatial barn, then he turned around to see what else needed to be done.



Zhao suddenly noticed something about the hot springs. He went over and saw that the originally small fire fishes had grown to more than twenty centimeters long, plus their red color became more vibrant, looking more like fire.



The only problem was that they were just lying there, motionless.



Zhao was surprised. He checked the temperature of the water, but the springs were still hot. He then looked at the red plants, but there was no fewer than before, so there wasn't a shortage of feed. Then what happened?



He was puzzled, until he remembered the ripe magic peaches. Zhao smacked his head. He had been paying too much attention to the battle earlier, unable to notice anything else, including the tone chiming with the space telling him that the fire fishes have matured.



From the information that was downloaded into his brain, he remembered that when the fire fish matured, they would rush to the middle of the hot springs and lie still. And sure enough, these fishes were lying in the middle of the hot springs, motionless as a tree root.



"Damn, I should have listened to that tone chiming." Zhao smacked his head. He felt relieved when he figured out the problem. With a thought, all the fire fish started laying eggs.



According to the space's data, whether the fishes were male or female, once they were inside the space, all of them would reproduce. In other words, he had five fire fish, and each and everyone of them would spawn thirty eggs, totaling one hundred and fifty eggs.



At once, Zhao said, "Hatch eggs."



A red light flashed inside the hot spring, and all one hundred and fifty eggs became one hundred and fifty small fires fishes. A happy look appeared on Zhao's face. In his eyes, these fire fish will turn into gold.



Standing at the edge of the hot springs, Zhao added some more feed, then he went into the villa to check the situation outside.



Once he was in front of the screen, Zhao saw that Drunk and the other black mages had basically finished cleaning up the battlefield. There were now a lot more skeletons wandering around. With things finished, Zhao brought everyone into the space, including the new undead.



Once the skeletons were inside the space, the voice came and said: [Discovery of low class robotic objects. Strengthening low class robotic objects]



[Discovery of magic item. Extracting properties of magic item. Extracting magic from robotic objects. Extraction complete. Strengthening attack capabilities of the space. Host can now use black magic, earth magic, and light magic. Host's gene is defective. Ghost staff is required to use magic]





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 105




Chapter 105





Chapter 105 - Download Magic Info



Green had become accustomed to the voice these past few days, so when he heard what it said, he understood what it meant.



The space could now be used to attack as long as Zhao was using the ghost staff. While holding the ghost staff, Zhao could use three types of magic: light, black, and earth. Those who could use three elements were rare on the Continent.



Zhao was extremely happy. He didn't expect that the space would gain such an ability. Even though he was limited to using the ghost staff to do magic, this was still definitely good news.



Green walked quickly towards Zhao. "Master, did the voice really say that you could do magic?"



Zhao smiled and nodded. "Yes, that is what it said." He laughed. "Starting today, with the ghost staff, I will be able to use light magic, black magic, and earth magic."



Green clapped his hands and laughed. "Great! This is really great! This will guarantee Master's safety!"



Meirin and everyone else had all gathered around with a look of excitement when they heard the news. This was important. They had always worried about Zhao's safety, but now that Zhao gained this new ability, his safety was pretty much guaranteed.



Looking at everyone, Zhao gave a slight chuckle, then he asked, "Grandpa Green, have you turned one of the advanced level warriors into undead yet?



Green shook his head. "No, not yet. Drunk said that it would take a lot of time, and they haven't gotten around to it yet because they had been too busy."



Zhao nodded, then he realized something. "Grandpa Green, I think that this time maybe I should try to turn that advanced warrior into a high level undead. I just need to use the ghost staff."



Green thought about it for a moment, then he nodded. Zhao didn't say anything, and only waved his hand for Scales to come over and give him the ghost staff.



The moment Zhao took the ghost staff, a white light immediately flowed shined the staff and shot into Zhao's head. For a moment, Zhao's head had a halo of light as a lot of information was downloaded into his mind.



Once the light faded, Zhao knew what had to happen next. "Grandpa Green, I need to go to my room and sleep. Take care of those dead bodies. When I wake up, I will take care of them." Without talking to anyone, Zhao immediately went upstairs.



Although Green didn't understand what Zhao was doing, he knew that he shouldn't be concerned about that white light. Meg ran past Green and followed Zhao upstairs.



Green was a bit worried watching the two, but he didn't say anything. He just told Drunk to carry the corpses to the back rooms of the villa. After he gave that order, Green then took a look at the stone giant. The giant was standing there, motionless. It looked completely different than it did outside, but Green knew that it must be because of the space strengthening it. Although Green didn't understand how the space does it, he knew that the space would often extract the benefits of some things and give them to others. This was a very powerful feature of the space.



After examining the stone giant, Green looked around to see what else was new. It was then that he saw the hot springs and the magic peach trees. When everyone went out to fight, there were small unripened magic peaches on the trees and the hot springs only had five small fire fishes. But now the magic peaches were gone and the number of small fire fishes had gone way up. Green was able to guess that the magic peaches must have matured and were harvested, and the fire fishes must have spawned a lot of eggs. Green couldn't help but feel excited.



These fire fish will become a hu





ge source of income for the Buda clan. And the magic peaches would allow them to get war pets, which was something that was coveted by experts.



Green looked around and found Daisy and Ann, then called them over. They quickly went towards Green, but they were nervous. Although Zhao had restored their status so they were no longer slaves, they didn't dare show the slightest disrespect to Green.



Green looked at the two and smiled. "You do not have to be nervous. I just want to ask, did the young master harvest the magic peaches?" He pointed at the magic peach trees.



Daisy quickly nodded. "Yes, Master had just harvested the magic peaches and placed them in the barn."



Green was delighted. "You two have been working hard. You can rest assured that I will tell the young master about your hard work, and he will surely reward you."



Daisy and Ann bowed together. "We don't need anything. It is our pleasure to work for the young master."



"Nonsense," Green said. "Once our situation improves, you will both get a reward. For now, you can go rest."



The two saluted, turned and walked away.



Meirin had been standing behind Green. Once the two had left, she faced Green and asked, "Green, we now have two magic peaches, and pretty soon we will get another two magic peaches. How should we divide them?"



Green thought about it. "I can get one, or maybe we should give it to Meg. Since she's following the young master around, she will need something to help her protect him. Or Blockhead and Rockhead should get it. But their strengths might be too low. I will talk to the young master about it. But I think that we should give one to Laura. It will help create a closer relationship with her, which will give us more benefits."



Meirin nodded. "Well, I think giving Meg the Iron Book should be enough to help her protect herself and the young master. And what about getting a war pet? I don't think Master needs one since he already has his undead. What about you? What kind of spirit beast do you want as your war pet?"



"I wouldn't worry about it. Good war pets aren't easy to get. The best war pet that I want is a nightmare horse, but those creatures can only be found in either Fire Island or Deep Magic. These two places are too far away from us. I do not have time to go there. So I can only look around to see if there's any other spirit beast that's right for me."



"Nightmare horses are indeed a good choice. However, you'll have to wait until we can further develop the Buda clan. But if you ever do catch a nightmare horse one day, then you better get the young master to bring it into the space because he'll be able to raise it until it gives birth to more nightmare horses."



Green laughed. "Yes, you're right. With the space, we'll be able to get more horses."



They then went into the villa.



Once they were inside, Green said, "Meirin, prepare something to eat. Once the young master wakes up, he will be hungry."



Meirin nodded. Just then Meg softly came down from upstairs. Meirin quickly went to her and asked, "Is the young master okay?"



Meg frowned. "He doesn't look well. It seems like he fainted, but he's also frowning, like his head hurts."



Green's brow wrinkled, but then he shook his head. "I don't think anything's wrong. The ghost staff shot a white light into Master's head, and he didn't seem worried about it. It shouldn't harm the young master. Still, Meg, you should wait in the young master's room until he wakes up, then call us."



Meg agreed, then she went upstairs.



After Meg left, Meirin turned to Green. "We can't afford for anything to hurt the young master. Is there really nothing wrong?"



Green shook his head. "Nothing should happen. The space is closely related to the young master. I think that the white light was just passing on knowledge or something, probably teaching the young master how to use those magic elements. Remember that before, the young master had not learned magic, but now three types of magic have been stuffed into his head. It would be normal for his head to hurt."



Green didn't understand everything about the space, but he was able to make the right guess. It was true. Zhao had never studied magic before, but now all this data about magic had been digitized by the space and downloaded into his mind. Now it only took Zhao less than a day to learn something that would normally take years.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 106




Chapter 106





Chapter 106 - I Can Do Magic



Zhao's head hurt. It felt worse than going through insomnia for ten days. However, there was also another strange feeling. A part of him felt like he was dreaming, like his soul had transcended his body.



In fact, Zhao's understanding of magic was too little.



Back on Earth, there was no real knowledge about magic, while the Ark Continent had written records that went back tens of thousands of years. Earth's civilization focused more on mechanical invention, but the Ark Continent's knowledge of mechanics came to a standstill, and instead they developed into a magic civilization.



Zhao had just consecutively received the knowledge for three types of magic. However, these three magic weren't strange. In this world, there were mages who learned two or three types of magic, and changed them to finally create a new kind of magic. Such examples of these abound.



For this reason, over the years, the Ark Continent's Prime Minister of Magic has been trying to track the geometric growth of the different types of magic in this world, but it has been impossible to keep records of all of them.



From who did Zhao learn these three types of magic from? An eighth level light mage, two seventh level earth mages, and the rest were from black mages. The number of magic spells that he would learn was a very scary figure.



It could be said that Zhao received a lot more information than last time. Precisely because of this, Zhao experienced a lot of pain. The more pain he felt, the greater the benefits. With the three types of magic he was receiving, it wouldn't be a problem for him to pose as a light mage or an earth mage, in addition to the black mage that he was already pretending to be.



Zhao didn't know how long he was lying in bed. To be honest, the beds in the villa were really comfortable so he didn't care.



After some time had passed, Zhao got up from the bed and stretched, but then he felt shocked because there was no longer any pain, and instead he felt refreshed. In fact, his mind has never been so clear before.



Just then, the voice came and said: [Forced development of the host's brain was necessary to receive the new information. Host's brain was developed by fifteen percent]



Zhao froze for a moment. He really didn't think that he would get such a good thing. Wouldn't this mean that he would become a genius?



He felt proud, until he heard Meg's voice. "Master, are you awake yet?"



Zhao quickly stood up. "I'm awake. Come in."



Meg pushed the door opened and saw Zhao standing there. "Master, are you alright? You looked like you were in pain earlier."



"It's nothing. Rest assured, I'm alright. I have fully learned how to use three types of magic. Go tell Grandpa Green not to worry." Zhao's impression of Meg was getting better and better. She was like his shadow, always standing beside him and helping him with his daily life. She was a girl worthy of Zhao's love.



Zhao didn't grow up in the Ark Continent, so generally, he's never met a woman like Meg. Back on Earth, women became more independent, but they have forgotten what it means to be gentle along the way. It was precisely because of this that Zhao found Meg's character to be so incredible. He found himself wanting to express his love for this girl, but he was shy and a man of few words.



Zhao was an otaku, and they usually don't express their feelings very well.



Meg and Zhao eventually went downstairs, where they saw Green who was sitting in the living room. "Hello, Master," Green said when he saw Zhao coming down.



"Grandpa Green, how long have I sl





ept?" Zhao asked.



"More than five hours, Master. Are you hungry? Meirin has made you something to eat."



"Then let's go to the dining room. I want to tell you about the fortune I have made. I can now use three types of magic, so I will be able to pose as three different types of mages." Zhao laughed.



Green was also very happy. "That's great. This will further guarantee your safety. But Master, you still have to practice casting spells. Learning magic is one thing, being able to use the appropriate spell at the right time is another."



Zhao nodded. From what he learned about the three types of magic, Zhao felt that he had underestimated the Ark Continent. There were people in this world that were so powerful, it was beyond his imagination. The more you know, the more you should be afraid.



Green, Zhao, and Meg went to the dining room. Blockhead and Rockhead were already there, and since they had already gotten some rest, they were full of spirit. It had been such a long time for them to release their aggressive power, and not have to hold back. It was a good fight, but now they were relaxing comfortably. When Zhao came in, the two quickly said, "Master."



Zhao smiled at them. "You two look happy. You must have enjoyed the battle. How about I let you two follow Drunk and the other black mages into the carrion swamp to help them catch undead?"



The two immediately shook their heads. "Well, we think it will be better for us to keep following Master around."



Zhao and Green gave them a look, then they burst out laughing.



This battle's victory had made Green and Zhao very happy. Not only did they win, they won beautifully. Their strength has greatly increased and Zhao gained a new ability that would protect himself. With so many good things coming one after another, of course they would be happy.



Time progressed, and soon Meirin came out while holding some food. This time the meal was different. Usually, she would make something like bread and soup, but now she was serving stuff like rice porridge and other things closer to Chinese food. This was related to Zhao. He wasn't used to Western food, and preferred to eat Chinese food. So Meirin slowly learned how to cook it.



Meirin had also heard what they were talking about, so she was smiling too. Then she turned to Meg and said, "Meg, help me serve the meals. Master, you can just take a seat."



Zhao smiled back, and then sat down. Green sat down too before he turned to Zhao and asked, "Master, have you already harvested the magic peaches?"



Zhao nodded. "I was going to tell you earlier. Before you entered the space, the magic peaches had matured and the fire fishes were ready to produce eggs. Oh, Grandpa Green, how should we divide the magic peaches?"



"You shouldn't worry about that. Soon you'll have a total of four magic peaches. I was just talking to Meirin about it, and we think that maybe you could give one to me. As for Blockhead and Rockhead, their strengths may be too low. Or maybe we should give one to Meg. In the end, I think that the one we should really give a magic peach to is Laura. Once we find a good opportunity to give it to her, we can make her a loyal ally to Master. Do you agree?"



Zhao thought about it. "I don't see a problem with giving Laura a magic peach. But we can't hand them over to any others. If people find out that we have these magic peaches, we won't even know how we died."



Zhao was absolutely justified in saying this. Although the fire fish could bring some gold, the magic peaches were something that a lot of experts would want, and they would do everything they can to take them.



Green nodded. "Master's right. If everyone found out that we have these magic peaches, then we would really be in danger. In this world, there are numerous strong people that could kill us. Even though we have the space, it would be impossible to defeat every single expert on this Continent."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 107




Chapter 107





Chapter 107 - Disappointing Interrogation



Zhao nodded. "I know that, so we should be careful. Although Laura could help us develop the Buda clan, do not forget that she is a businessman. The length of time we know her is too short. One wrong step and we'll be in danger."



"Then we'll wait until we can get a better look at Laura to make sure that she's credible," Green said.



After breakfast, everyone came out of the villa. At this time, Zhao harvested some radishes, then planted a new batch. Once he was done with that, he took out the advanced warrior's body.



As for the body of Garan, he had already searched it and found a crystal card that contained twelve hundred gold coins. This was an unexpected gift.



In fact, when it comes to money or land, Garan's clan was very rich. It wouldn't be strange for him to carry a few crystal cards. These cards use the blood identification method. Once you receive a card, a drop of your blood would become like a password that identifies you as the owner. Only you would be able to take money out of the card. It would be unacceptable for someone else to hold the card.



Although Garan ended up at his undead, Zhao was unable to take the money out of the card. Even so, he was unwilling to throw the card away, so the crystal card was stored in the spatial barn.



Now it was time to get down to business.



Zhao began waving the ghost staff around the advanced warrior's body until a cloud of black gas wrapped around the corpse. This wasn't the same black gas as when Drunk turned that assassin into a low level undead. This black gas had faint electric blinking lights.



One of the benefits of using the ghost staff was that there was no need for incantations. For Zhao, simply choosing what spell to cast was enough.



A moment later, the black gas diffused, then the voice came and said: [Transformation into a high class robotic object successful. Strengthening with toxins. Strengthening with long-range attack capabilities]



After what the voice said, the skeleton on the ground looked no different than the other undead in the space. Looking at it carefully, Zhao said, "Get up. What is your name?"



The undead got up and saluted. "Master, my name is Shadowless Night."



"What organization do you belong to? Who is your leader?" Zhao asked.



"Master, I belong to the House of Night Assassins, headed by the leader known as Kill Shadow. But the organization has another identity in the Ark Continent. It is also known as the Night Shadow mercenary group."



Zhao nodded, then at once he asked, "Where is the headquarters of this organization you belong to?"



Shadowless Night shook his head. "Master, I do not know. The members of the group are brought up from adoption and then given training. We just listen to what the leader tells us to do. In the end, I don't know where the headquarters is."



Zhao couldn't help but feel disappointed. "If you don't where your headquarters is, then how do you pick out a task to complete?"



"The heads of the organization just tells us. We dare not disobey or ask questions, otherwise we would be sentenced to death with no chance to escape."



Zhao couldn't help but suck in a breath. Shadowless Night was someone who went through endless blood and death, reaching a strength comparable to a seventh level warrior, yet this organization would easily be able to kill him if they wanted to. How powerful was this organization?



"How many people total are in this organization? And how strong are they?" Zhao quickly asked.



"In the organization, I am what's known





as a gold level assassin. There are fifty people like me in the organization. Those at a higher level are known as crystal level assassins, which totals about five. The rest at the lower level are silver level assassins, and their numbers are many, around six hundred. In the end, I don't know actually know how many people are in the organization. At the lowest level are bronze level assassins, but they are among the most common assassins, even weaker than fifth level warriors."



Green and Zhao's faces changed. They didn't expect that the organization they were facing was so powerful. They had fifty people that was as strong as Shadowless Night, and there were even more powerful experts than him. Their enemy really was a monster.



In this battle, Zhao and everyone else only managed to cope against such strength because their enemy only sent three members, along with some hired help, against them. What would happen if they dispatched their entire force? Would the Buda clan be able to contend against such a huge group of assassins?



Zhao decided to worry about it later, and then asked, "What about Garan? What is his relationship with the Purcell clan?"



Shadowless Night shook his head. "There is no relationship. When we received this task from the leader, we recruited Garan to deal with you, Master."



Zhao couldn't help but sigh in disappointment. From Shadowless Night's words, it seems like Garan was just a pawn who pretended to have a connection to the Purcell clan. Unfortunately, he was the right choice to recruit for this battle because light magic would be useful for clashing against a black mage. If it weren't for the space making the undead immune to his light spells, they probably wouldn't have won.



With this thought here, Zhao waved his hand and brought out the skeletons of the three mages. When Garan's and the Jie Shi Ling twins appeared, Zhao and Green couldn't help but feel surprised for a moment. These three undead mages were different compared to what they were expecting.



The undead Garan wasn't the same as the other undead in the space. His skeleton was nearly transparent white in color, almost like he was carved out of pure diamond. It gave off a holy feeling.



How could a skeleton make people feel that it was holy? This was too weird, right? This was what Zhao and Green was thinking in their hearts.



They then looked at the undead Jie Shi Ling twins. These two brothers also weren't the same as the other undead in the space. Their skeletons had a yellow shade to them, almost like they were made of some kind of crystal clear yellow emerald. It was very beautiful, yet also gave the feeling of being as calm as a mountain.



Now that Zhao thought about it, the undead Shadowless Night also gave a feeling that was different from the other undead in the space. Even though his skeleton looked the same, it gave off a feeling of cold and extreme danger, like a snake lurking in the darkness.



This feeling wasn't so obvious, and in this Continent, only the strong would be able to hide their auras. This was enough to prove how strong Shadowless Night was, even though he was now just an undead skeleton.



In fact, when someone is turned into an undead, their strength would inevitably weaken. Like Garan, who was originally at the eighth level, but became an undead at the sixth level. Although, since he was strengthened by the space, it could be said that he could fight shoulder to shoulder against someone at the seventh level.



Zhao asked Garan a few more questions, but the result was the same as when Zhao questioned Shift. Garan still had his abilities, but he lost all of his memories of the time when he was alive.



Disappointed, Zhao sighed, then put Garan inside the spatial barn. Not only that, he changed Garan's name to Gamma, and also renamed the Jie Shi Ling twins as Jie and Shi.



As for the warrior who was the leader of that mercenary army, Zhao allowed him to continue commanding that army, which was now undead, as well as the undead army from the carrion swamp. The only ones he wouldn't command was Zhao's undead, Drunk and the black mages, Gamma, Shi and Jie, as well as Shadowless Night and the undead assassins.



Zhao knew that Drunk was not really a commander. His only experience was as a black mage working in a small group. But that warrior wasn't the same. He had spent his life researching the matters of war, so Zhao let him command his army of undead, freeing Drunk from the job. As for Shadowless Night, since he was proficient in assassination, he would control all the undead assassins. This plays into their greatest strengths.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 108




Chapter 108





Chapter 108 - Troubling World



Once they finished everything in the space, it was time to go to the Iron Mountain castle. Drunk and a few black mages were sent to the swamp, while Scales and Brick, plus five hundred undead, were left to guard the castle. They then went to the Stony Mountain manor, where the three undead mages Gamma, Shi, and Jie, plus two hundred undead warriors and one hundred undead assassins, were ordered to guard the estate.



The manor was a very important place because it was where they would receive the blue-eyed rabbits and wait for Laura. Zhao was very confident that they would get her cooperation. After all, they left on good terms.



It was daytime when they left the villa and came to the manor. The battle against Garan's army had taken a total of no more than two hours. But after resting in the space, and eating, it took longer than that. Now it was nine in the morning. There was a black fog enveloping the estate, stopping anyone from seeing inside. This time it was the black mages, Edge and Punch, creating the black fog. Although Zhao could now do it himself, at times he might need to go into the space or travel to the castle, so the two black mages were needed to keep up the black fog.



Last time, it was Scales and Brick who was guarding the manor, while Edge and Punch were guarding the castle. But Zhao decided to reverse their positions. He wanted them to become familiar with both places. Getting them to understand the terrain was necessary for them to display their greatest fighting strengths. For the two black mages, along with Gamma, guarding the manor, it gave Zhao a very reassuring feeling.



As for the castle, to be honest, Zhao wasn't worried about it as much. It was in the depths of the Black Waste, and with the threat of the carrion swamp, most people wouldn't go there. Plus, Zhao had the space, which would allow him to teleport there in the shortest possible. With this measure of security, Zhao didn't need to worry about it as much as the manor.



On the contrary, the manor was in a more dangerous situation. It was very close to Casa city. If that city decided to dispatch troops, it would only take two days before they would reach the foot of Stony Mountain. For Zhao, this was a huge threat.



Although he could bring people to safety inside his space, this still wouldn't protect the manor. They needed the manor as their stronghold.



Of course, with the space, it was possible for Zhao to just take down those troops, but he didn't want to expose his powers too early. After all, the Purcell clan was paying attention to them. More importantly, that mysterious force was also watching them, which made Zhao feel uneasy.



It could be said that Zhao was an insecure person. After the battle against Garan yesterday, he knew that even more people would pay attention to them.



And as soon as they start trading with Laura, those people would pay attention to what they bought, and they couldn’t possibly buy goods from the castle in the Black Waste.



That was why the manor on Stony Mountain was so important to the Buda clan. It was their only connection the outside world. It was where they would get information, obtain supplies, or sell things. It was no use trying to make transactions in the Black Waste. If the Buda clan dared to do that, the Purcell clan would step in. That was why the manor was particularly important.



So the only problem was that they couldn't let anyone know that the Buda clan owned the manor.



Among the nobles in the Aksu Empire, the Buda clan was definitely a taboo. They didn't want the Buda clan to rise up again. If they were ever to find out what the Buda clan was doing, those nobles would do their best to suppress it. Zhao didn't have the confidence to keep t





he Buda clan safe.



But as long as they didn't reveal themselves as the Buda clan, with their current identity, no one would want to mess with them. That was because he was now known as a black mage. Nobody was willing to provoke a black mage.



Whenever people on the Continent mentioned black mages, they would also think of poisonous snakes. That snake will bite you, and even if you don't die from its toxins, you would at least be crippled. More importantly, even if you managed to kill the snake, it won't do you any good if its poison was already in your body. No one wants to mess with a poisonous snake, just like no one wants to mess with a black mage.



Especially a black mage that was able to defeat Garan and his army. This time Garan's loss was quite heavy. He was an eighth level light mage that had two seventh level earth mages, three advanced level warriors, one hundred assassins, and three hundred hired mercenaries, and yet he was still defeated. This force was equivalent to the strength of a small clan.



Garan's defeat was like a powerful deterrent against anyone who was thinking of trying to take down Zhao the black mage.



Right now, Zhao was standing next to the ginkgo tree in the manor's yard. He sighed and looked up, but the blanket of darkness shadowed the daylight. He felt depressed. He really didn't like to fight, and instead he just wanted a secure and easy life.



Meg was standing beside Zhao, and when she heard him sigh, she couldn't help but feel curious. "Master, why are you sighing?"



Zhao turned around and looked at the woman who was as sweet as a child. In her hands was Garan's Iron Book, which Zhao gave to her. He didn't need this book because the space had already analyzed it, and now he could use its power with his staff. Besides, Meg really loved this book. She even holds it while sleeping at night.



Zhao gave a sad smile. "Meg, why do so many people love to fight? I don't want to fight. I know that there are those fighting to make a better life for themselves and for the people around them, but why must they force me to fight them?"



Meg looked at Zhao. It may be the same body, but she couldn't even see a shadow of the past Adam. In the past, Adam was ignorant, greedy, and lustful. He would never say these timid words.



But now there was Zhao, who was good natured and responsible, but also sentimental. These two personalities were completely different. However, Meg liked this Zhao rather than the original Adam.



"Master, even if you don't want to fight, others will come fight with you. If you have anything that interests them or if you're a stumbling block, they will not hesitate to kick you down. In their eyes, we are nothing but weeds on the roadside. As long as something interests them, they would do anything to get it."



Zhao looked at the sky and muttered. "Interests. Ah, yes, interests. In the end, they would dare to do anything if it interests them. This really is a troubling world." He gave a sad laugh.



Meg didn't know what to say but her heart was sighing. "This world....."



They both suddenly heard footsteps.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 109




Chapter 109





Chapter 109 - Sean



Zhao and Meg turned around. It was Green.



Green had put on his armor. To others, wearing armor on their bodies would be cumbersome, but it didn't bother Green. His footsteps were normal, and even seemed ethereal.



Thanks to the benefits of the space, Green's strength had reached the peak of the eighth level. He was just waiting for the opportunity to make a breakthrough and become a ninth level warrior. Then he would be among the few strongest people in the world.



Every large clan needed an extremely strong expert, otherwise that clan would have no way to escape the bad luck of being swallowed. The Buda clan was one such example.



Although Green and Meirin were very strong experts at the eighth level, it was nothing in comparison to the ninth. With those two, the Buda clan could be considered very powerful, but not invincible. Still, although they weren't able to stop the Buda clan's banishment, with their strength, they were able to deter the nobles from trying to completely wipe out the Buda clan.



When Zhao saw Green come up, he asked, "Grandpa Green, is it time?" They had been waiting for the someone from the Markey Company to send the rabbits that Green bought. That was why Zhao asked that question.



Green nodded. "They will arrive soon. With one hundred gold coins, I bought a total of three hundred blue-eyed rabbits. And with the remaining ten gold coins, I bought five scaled wildebeests, which will be used to pull the carriages that are carrying the rabbits."



Scaled wildebeests were a common spirit beast on the Continent. Although they weren't fast at running, they were very strong, making them suitable for carrying things.



Zhao agreed with this purchase. Although they could have just asked the Markey Company to help with the transport, buying the scaled wildebeests was the right choice. Once he brings them into the space, the scaled wildebeests would reproduce, becoming another source of income.



"Grandpa Green, remember to not allow them to drive the carriages up to the villa, or else they will be attacked by the undead," Zhao said.



Green nodded. "Well, I'll go make the arrangements." He didn't oppose Zhao using the undead to stop those carriages. After all, Zhao wasn't just pretending to be a black mage, but a Necromancer who used black magic. If he didn't use his undead, then that wouldn't be normal.



It could be said that if there was a mage on the Continent that didn't use slaves, it was a black mage, since some of them could just summon undead skeletons to do their work. Plus, the undead were easier to use than slaves.



So right now, Zhao sending some humanoid undead to help Green with the carriages was completely normal.



Sean worked for the Markey Company branch in the Purcell duchy. He was just a small steward, and his main job was to manage the porters. His position in the company wasn't that high.



But Sean also had another job. He was also responsible for finding news for the Markey company. He had a special way of finding things out, which was to check the goods that were being transported. This allowed him to collect a lot of useful information.



It looked difficult, but in fact, it wasn't. You could tell a lot of things from the stuff people move around in the Purcell duchy. Even if the stuff was wrapped up, you could learn what it was from its size and weight.



The Markey company was a well known firm throughout the Continent, and so there were a lot of people in a cooperative relationship with them. One of which was Sean, who no one paid attention to because of his menial job. They wouldn't suspect him of gathering information, some of which was quite usefu





l.



No one on the Continent, including Sean, had ever heard of the black mage named Zhao before. But recently, he became a household name in the Purcell duchy. Even beggars knew who he was.



The most Sean was able to find out so far was that Zhao had the Markey company's VIP gold medal which had the Bana symbol on it. That could mean that those rumors of Zhao saving Laura could be true!



Because of this, he wanted to pay closer attention to Zhao. When Green came to buy things, Sean immediately went to the Markey company and won the task of helping him mount the blue-eyed rabbits on the carriages and transporting them to Stony Mountain.



Sean was very enthusiastic in helping Green, seeking ways to please him. He wanted to leave a good impression, and did his best to talk to Green on their way to Stony Mountain.



Everyone in the Purcell duchy knows that a very powerful and mysterious black mage now lived on Stony Mountain. But it was just a desolate mountain with nothing but rocks and stones. How could rocks be useful for black magic?



It was because no one knew that a lot of rumors about the black mage sprung up in Casa city. They say that he was preparing a powerful spell to attack Casa city. They say that he was collecting corpses to help him practice black magic. They say that he was using the hot spring to wash his body with something evil. Out of all these rumors flying back and forth, there was no good words that were said.



But Sean knew that what the people were saying was not true.



After making his living collecting information for the Markey company, Sean had some understanding of black mages. He was very clear on the fact that black mages simply weren't as terrible as the rumors say. They just acted a little strange. In fact, there were a lot of black mages that were good. A lot of the ways to treat traumas were created by black mages. But in the Continent, light mages were very popular, while black mages were unwelcomed.



However, these rumors had nothing to do with Sean. What he was most concerned about was find out more about Zhao the black mage, and that was why he was going to Stony Mountain.



Sean wasn't part of the Markey clan, but he was one of the people that were loyal to Laura Markey.



Supposedly, Laura's father, Kevin Markey, was terrible at business, so he was assigned to run the Markey company branch in the small duchy owned by the Purcell clan. But everyone didn't realize that Laura was so good at business, with skills impressive enough to take over for her father. Now she had a confidant in each store that she ran, and Sean was one of them.



Sean's allegiance was only to Laura, and because of this, he was concerned about Zhao. With all these rumors of Zhao saving Laura or attempting to kill Laura, in the end, he had to know what kind of person Zhao was.



But Sean didn't think that with less than a day's journey left to Stony Mountain, Green would tell them to continue transporting the shipment, while he ran ahead.



Although Sean didn't know why Green wanted to buy so many blue-eyed rabbits, he didn't ask. It was clear that there were some things that should never be asked.



Once Sean reached Stony Mountain, he could see that it was shrouded by a black fog. Although this blanket of darkness was very strange, Sean knew that it wasn't some sort of offensive magic, and was simply meant to block people's attention.



Sean stopped at the foot of the mountains. He didn't know what to do next until he suddenly heard a burst of footsteps. Along with the footsteps came the sound of bones crackling across the ground.



When Sean and his men heard these sounds, they couldn't help but feel scared.



Suddenly, they saw Green, who was wearing full armor, appear in front of them. Sean didn't actually know Green's name. He only knew that he was a very strong warrior and a servant to the black mage.



Sean went up to greet the warrior, but then he suddenly stopped and his face became pale. That was because behind Green was a lot of undead.



Green had brought twenty humanoid undead to help him with the carriages. These undead used to be ordinary warriors, but now they had the appearance of dark green skeletons. They simply looked monstrous.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 110




Chapter 110





Chapter 110 - Cavalry



It was because these dark green undead looked so terrifying that Sean and his men felt afraid. These undead must simply not be trifled with.



Noting their expressions, Green said, "Do not worry. These undead were summoned by my Master and will not just randomly attack you. Well, it seems like you have successfully completed your task. As thanks, here are some coins, Sean. Share it with your brothers. You can all go back now."



Green gave Sean five gold coins. This was no small amount of money. Sean had a total of ten men with him, which means that they each would receive five silver coins. For these porters, this was considered a small fortune.



But although he took the gold coins, Sean wasn't happy. "Dear warrior, how about letting us help you bring the carriages up the mountain?"



Green shook his head. "My Master would not like you bothering him at his house. You must go back." With a wave, the undead rushed forward to take over four of the carriages. Green then looked at Sean with cold eyes. "Sean, let me remind you that this mountain if full of undead. With just a few words, I could order them to attack you. Honestly, it's best that you go home." With that, Green got on to a carriage and went into the black fog. It only took two steps before you couldn't see his shadow.



Once Green left, Sean couldn't help but break out into a cold sweat. He knew that Green must have found out that he wanted to take a look around. Sean was a fourth level warrior. Although he didn't know what level Green was at, he knew that it was a lot higher than his. If Green wanted to kill him, it would be almost like strangling an ant.



Sean immediately turned to the porters and said, "Let's go back."



They all turned around and walked back to Casa city. Their faces were pale.



Green had long found out what Sean was up to because Sean's performance was a little too enthusiastic. Knowing how sensitive their identity was, Green couldn't let people come see them, otherwise they would end up in danger.



As of now, there were a total of five carriages moving up the hill towards the manor. Each carriage was filled with sixty rabbits. These rabbits pretty much looked the same as the ones found on Earth. The only difference was their blue eyes.



Each carriage was equipped with thirty wooden cages, and there was a pair of rabbits in each cage. Fortunately, these carriages were large, otherwise it wouldn't have been able to fit everything.



Zhao was standing in the manor's yard when he saw the carriages come in. Each one was pulled by a scaled wildebeest. They were two meters tall, and they grew scales the size of fingernails, plus hairs in the crevices of these scales. Looking at these creatures made people feel uncomfortable. Their heads were similar to horses, but they had horns that were a bit like the wildebeests back on Earth. However, their bodies didn't look as smooth and strong. Instead, their bodies were more like cows, rather than horses. Despite that, their legs showed that they must have good endurance.



As Green saw Zhao looking at them, he smiled. "Master, how do you like these scaled wildebeests?"



Zhao nodded with a hand on his chin. "They're good. They will be useful for pulling things in the future. Grandpa Green, help me remove these things."



Zhao, Green, and the undead opened the cages of the blue-eyed rabbits. All the while, Zhao brought them into the space.



Once the blue-eyed rabbits were in the space, the voice immediately came and said: [Discovery of new animal. Identifying. Mammal, lagomorpha leporidae, long-eared rabbit variant. Level three. Based on animal data, they could be ra





ised in the ranch. These rabbits can now be purchased from the shop. Young rabbits maturation time is ten hours. They can reproduce in eight hour intervals. They can only reproduce five times, each time will create ten new rabbits. They feed every four hours. Due to gene variation, the rabbits can attack with water arrows. Attack range is ten meters. Attack power is low]



Zhao was very satisfied with what the space told him about the blue-eyed rabbits. Although they could only reproduce five times, each rabbit would be able to yield him a total of fifty more rabbits, and their maturation time was very short. It wouldn't be long before the ranch was up and running.



After that, Green detached the scaled wildebeests from the carriages, then Zhao brought them into the space.



Once the wildebeests were inside the space, the voice immediately came again and said: [Discovery of new animal. Identifying. Mammal, bull fighting wildebeest variant. Level three. Based on animal data, they could be raised in the ranch. These wildebeests can now be purchased from the shop. Young wildebeest maturation time is twelve hours. They can reproduce in eight hour intervals. They can only reproduce five times, each time will create five new wildebeests. They feed every two hours. Due to gene variation, the wildebeests can create a stone body with a duration time of two hours. Defensive power is low]



Hearing this, Zhao couldn't help but laugh. The scaled wildebeest was really something good.



After Zhao had sent the rabbits and wildebeests into the space, Green wanted to see what expression Zhao would make. Seeing Zhao with a happy expression, Green couldn't help but feel relieved. "Master, can we go into the space and look at the wildebeests and rabbits?"



Zhao turned around and faced Green, and saw how much he looked forward to it. He chuckled. "Well, let's go see."



Of course, they had to bring Meg along as well because Zhao, Green, and Meg were the only ones in the manor. Blockhead, Rockhead, Meirin, and the slaves were at the castle, where there were many things that they needed to do.



Zhao brought Green and Meg directly into the spatial ranch. When they came inside, they couldn't help but freeze for a moment. The pasture of the ranch was a really large and open place. Three hundred blue-eyed rabbits were roaming around, and although they were slightly bigger than the ones on Earth, they were still small enough that the grass would block them from sight.



Zhao didn't forget that these blue-eyed rabbits and scaled wildebeests needed to be fed. He brought in some radish leaves, which the space automatically turned into the grass that these rabbits and wildebeests eat.



When Green saw all these rabbits everywhere and the wildebeests running around, he couldn't help but give Zhao a wry smile. "Master, is this alright? It will be difficult to pay attention to all of them."



Zhao slightly chuckled. "Just look at this." With a thought, he brought up a flute, which was one of the tools of the spatial ranch. A tune came out of the flute, and suddenly all the animals ran forward and lined up in front of Zhao.



Green and Meg stared at this, never expecting that the space would have such a function. After a while, Zhao smiled and waved, and those rabbits and wildebeests ran away.



Seeing this, Green couldn't help but muttered. "The space could actually make them line up. Could it also move them into groups and ranks, like soldiers?"



"Grandpa, what are you saying?" Meg laughed when she heard what Green was muttering.



Green recovered a bit, then chuckled. "I'm just talking nonsense. There's no way that animals could move around like troops....." When he said this, he suddenly froze for a moment as if he thought of something. His eyes brightened as he turned to Zhao. "Master, can this ability to line up the animals be done outside?"



Zhao was taken aback, but he murmured, "I don't know. Let me see. Can I use the formation function outside the space?"



The voice immediately came: [The formation function can be used outside the space]



This time Green didn't need Zhao to help him understand what the space said. He burst out laughing. "Great! This is really great!"



Zhao and Meg still didn't understand. "Grandpa, what are you talking about?" Meg asked.



Seeing the two's puzzled look, Green couldn't help but let out a slight chuckle. "Ah, in a cavalry, a group of knights would queue up into a formation. When they attack the enemy, they would start off by charging forward. But where do you think a cavalry's power comes from? It comes from attacking together in a maintained formation."



Zhao and Meg didn't understand military matters, but after listening to Green, their eyes lit up. Everyone knew about the large power of a cavalry, but they still faced a difficult problem. That problem was the beasts that they were riding.



You could teach discipline to a knight, but you couldn't teach discipline to the beast he was riding. Sure, in the beginning, it's easy to line up the cavalry in a neat formation. But once they started running, it was difficult to maintain the formation. If it could be maintained, then the power of their assault would increase many times over.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 111




Chapter 111





Chapter 111 - War Slaves





With shining eyes Zhao said, "This is something we should test, right? Grandpa Green, shouldn't the undead be able to do what you just said too?"



Green's eyes also brightened as he nodded. "Master, we must immediately go to the Iron Mountain castle where there are some spirit beasts we left behind. Let's see if it's effective."



Zhao agreed, and with a thought, he, followed by Green and Meg, traveled to the teleport point in the castle square.



They didn't find Meirin in the living room, nor did they find Rockhead and Blockhead there. They must be busy. At the castle, there were a lot of things to do. In addition to planting alfalfa seeds on the mountain, they were also preparing to plant oil fruit seeds.



Alfalfa seeds had been planted on the mountain and would one day become fertilizer, turning the soil so that other species of plants could be planted. And what they decided to plant next was oil fruit seeds. These seeds had been modified by the space so that it didn't have its weakness of being susceptible to pests. Of course, they could have just gotten rid of any pests with pesticide, but they feared that this would just add poison to the crops.



As well as planting these seeds, the slaves were also doing other jobs like repairing the castle. It was easy to see that there were still many places that needed rehabilitation. It was a big job.



Fortunately, some of the undead were able to help. If a person couldn't lift something, then let the undead do it. To cope with this job, Zhao had deliberately left a hundred humanoid undead in the castle, while the remaining two hundred men were left defending the Stony Mountain estate.



So now, to help out the slaves and keep them safe, there were one hundred humanoid undead and four hundred undead spirit beasts wandering around the castle, guarding it in case someone tried to sneak in.



While Zhao was in the living room, he sent out a message to all of those undead to meet him outside the castle.



After this happened, Ann, who was working with the slaves to repair the castle, saw the undead mages nod to each other, and then they started walking out of the castle. As for the four hundred undead spirit beasts that were patrolling around the mountain, they all started converging together in one location.



All these undead soon went up to Zhao. Once all the undead had gathered, Zhao waved the ghost staff in his hand and said, "Phalanx."



Those undead immediately lined up in neat rows until they formed a square formation. Zhao couldn't help but nod his head before waving the staff again. "Move!"



The phalanx slowly began to move, but there was no mess within the formation. It stayed as neat and sharp as a knife. With Zhao's command, they all started moving faster and faster, but the formation remained in its box shape. No one moved too quick or too slow.



Green grew excited watching all of this. For their clan, this was a windfall. These undead could really march in a formation that didn't break into chaos, forming a cavalry. This was really important. With a cavalry, what would there battles be like? Thinking about it was exciting.



Zhao continued with changing the formation. Once he had an understanding of what this feature could do, he let the undead loose to go about their business, then he followed Green back into the living room.



After Zhao and Green sat down, Meg took the initiative to make them two cups of tea. Green was still excited as he said, "Master, this feature is really useful. As long as we have this, not only will the Buda clan have a cavalry, it will be the best cavalry in the world. This feature is able to maximize the abilities





of what a cavalry is supposed to do."



Zhao nodded. Although he had never been in an army before, nor was he ever in a battlefield, he was a fan of things about the military. In his past life, he would frequently watch tv programs about warfare. In the era of cold weapons, before guns and cannons, a well trained cavalry represented absolute power.



If the Buda clan had such a powerful cavalry, then no one in this world would dare to move against them.



In this world, the strongest experts were those at the ninth level. They were so powerful that they could be compared to nuclear weapons back on Earth. However, ninth level experts weren't so easily sent off into a battlefield. They acted more like deterrents. If a clan wasn't suffering from a life or death situation, they would generally not send out their ninth level experts.



Most of the time, these experts would concentrate on closed door cultivation, trying to understand the laws of heaven. They hoped to make a breakthrough to the tenth level. Everyone believed that when you reached the tenth level, you would be among the realm of the gods and become a deity.



For this reason, almost all of the ninth level experts would focus their efforts on cultivation and ignore everything else. Gaining immortal life and becoming invincible was their goal.



So under normal circumstances, you wouldn't see any ninth level experts on the Continent. It was even rare to find eighth level experts sent out to battle. In other words, when it comes to the power of a clan, the most important thing was their soldiers.



In the Continent, the nobility were allowed to have private soldiers, especially in their fiefdoms. As long as you paid your taxes to the Empire and you didn't launch a rebellion, you could keep raising more private soldiers. The king would generally turn a blind eye to this because, after all, these great noble clans have existed for so long that even if the king wanted to control them, he would be powerless to do so.



Most importantly, some of these nobles had ninth level experts behind them. Even if their expert didn't do anything and just acted as deterrents, no one would dare underestimate them.



The Buda clan was banished because of this reason. Their power was too thin. Although they had two eighth level experts, Green and Meirin, that wasn't the same as having a ninth level expert that could protect them from being destroyed.



But if the Buda clan had the most powerful cavalry on the Continent, then no one would dare do what they like against them. Even the king of the Aksu Empire wouldn't easily be able to lay his hands on them.



Green still had a look of excitement even as he said, "But a lot of the undead aren't suitable for riding. See if Drunk and those black mages can catch any large, high level spirit beasts from the carrion swamp, then we would have a lot of beasts to ride and set up a cavalry with."



"Yes, but now we not only lack spirit beasts, but also trained soldiers," Zhao said.



Green's face sank. "Ah, yes, unfortunately we have no one with cavalry training. It seems like this plan must be put off for the long term."



"Never mind. We can just build up a cavalry slowly. There is time. As long as we do some business with Laura, with the support of more gold, we will eventually be able to set up a cavalry."



"It seems that's the only way." Green nodded. "Once we make more money, we can buy some more slaves, and maybe even some war slaves that we can set up a cavalry with."



War slaves were defeated soldiers who had been relegated into slavery. Such people had good fighting skills, there were even those who were warriors at the fifth level. However, their prices were very high. Common slaves could be bought for around ten gold coins, while war slaves had a minimum price of one thousand gold coins. There were even some that were so expensive they had a high price of ten thousand gold coins.



When it came to common slaves, slave owners would generally only feed them things like moldy rice, but that was not so for slaves with military skills. War slaves were generally treated very good, with some even having better living conditions than free commoners. This was the difference between common slaves and war slaves.



It could be said that now it would be impossible for the Buda clan to buy a war slave even if they spent all of their money. To form a cavalry with war slaves, they would need a lot more gold.



In the eyes of those wealthy nobles that had millions of gold coins, the Buda clan was almost like beggars.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 112




Chapter 112





Chapter 112 - Too Optimistic



At noon, Rockhead and Blockhead, as well as Meirin, returned to the castle. The three of them heard from Ann that Zhao and Green had come back. They were surprised since they knew that Zhao was staying in the space.



Finding Zhao and Green in the living room, Meirin quickly went over and asked, "Master, Green, why are you back? Is there a problem?"



Green smiled. "Everything's good. We just came back to test something." He then explained to Meirin what they had been doing, and her eyes shined. Over the years, she and Green had been helping take care of the Buda clan, so she certainly understood what this could represent.



But Green then told her some of the problems they would run into, and like a pot of cold water, Meirin's enthusiasm cooled down, but she nodded. "Ah, yes, these are indeed big problems. However, I don't think we can solve it by buying war slaves. Those slaves are usually prisoners of war or criminals with some skills. They aren't good people. In the battlefield, they are likely not to contribute anything for us. Such people are useless. I think it's better to buy some common slaves and then train them with cavalry skills."



"You say it like it's easy," Green said, "Why can't we buy war slaves, but other large clans can?"



"You old man should not confuse us with other large clans, because they have enough strength to cope with war slaves. Don't we also need money to buy weapons for the slaves? And why can't we train some common slaves to ride a beast and make a cavalry out of that?"



"I guess your way is right. Plus the price to buy common slaves would be a lot cheaper." Then Green frowned and said, "But there is a problem. Those slaves generally don't practice martial arts. Their combat effectiveness would be limited compared to warriors."



Meirin smiled slightly. "I've already thought about that. The reason some people don't know any magic or martial arts is because they never get the chance to study it. Plus they generally wouldn't have anything that could help them with their cultivation. However, Master is able to grow magic vegetables in the space. After eating these magic vegetables, I have observed that the slaves that we had already bought have become more able-bodied. If we buy more slaves and raise them up with these conditions, I think that in a few years, they will become soldiers that could fight for us."



Green had no objections this time. Those magic vegetables produced by the space were indeed amazing when compared to ones grown on the Continent. For example, the magic radishes in the Continent could only be regarded as one of the most common magic vegetable because the magic contained within was too small. If a mage or warrior were to eat one of those magic radishes, they will not gain much benefits.



However, the magic radishes grown in the space was an exception. They contained powerful magic, about five times more than the ones grown on the Continent. At this point, they didn't know what other magic vegetables the space could produce, but the amount of magic they contained shouldn't be any lower than the magic radishes, and in fact, some of it might be higher. Green's strength was about to break through to the ninth level, and this was not unrelated to the magic vegetables.



With this thought, they couldn't help but turn to Zhao, who slightly chuckled. "This should be easy to handle. We just need to wait for the space to level up, then we will have enough magic vegetables for a lot of people to eat everyday. This is not something to worry about." Zhao then added, "And it's not just magic vegetables. It's also possible that the





blue-eyed rabbit meat inside the space could also be useful. It would not be difficult to train up some slaves to become warriors."



Green and Meirin's eyes brightened from what Zhao said. With the power of the space, they would constantly be able to feed the slaves with food that contained magic, like vegetables and meat. If they were to use those, then the progress of training soldiers would be very alarming. If those big clans would try such a thing, it would be impossible because even they would be unable to afford to feed their common soldiers so much magic vegetables.



"It seems that the most important thing to do right now is to level up the space, then we will be able to get more land," Green said, "More land means more magic vegetables, and that will also help us gain more income for the Buda clan. But this will take time, so we can only develop slowly. We must not be impatient."



Meirin nodded. "Ah, yes, the foundation of the Buda clan is too thin. We are still too weak to expose our identity. Even now, we have a mysterious and powerful enemy fighting against us. In this case, we can't be too careful."



Zhao agreed. "Even if we have the ability to make a cavalry, we still have to take things step by step, otherwise we will be in danger."



"We can't do too much and must remain low key," Meirin said, "I think what we should focus on is just working with Laura and making some money, so we can buy rare plants that will help Master level up the space. Once the space reaches a high enough level, it will be able to lift the Water of Nothingness from Master's body, then you could learn magic and martial arts. I think that for now, having the lord of the Buda clan learning magic and martial arts is more important than building up a cavalry."



Everyone recognized that what Meirin said was right. If the space could level up a little faster, and lift the Water of Nothingness from Zhao's body a little earlier, then it will revive the Buda clan out of their hopeless situation.



Green nodded. "Ah, I didn't think that this old woman would have a greater understanding than me. Well, Master, we should go back to the Stony Mountain estate. Laura will return in two days, and we must complete our deal before we can talk about other businesses, like selling oil fruits, blue-eyed rabbits, and scaled wildebeests. Working with Laura, it's not impossible to make some money and develop the clan silently. We should silently accumulate money and power, waiting for the day when we can soar!"



"Yes, the most profitable business in the world is a monopoly business. If our unique magic vegetables could be sold at a good price, then we will have a monopoly on the market throughout the Continent. It will be easy to make more money. We don't need to rush," Zhao said.



Green nodded. "We should take our time to slowly develop the Buda clan. Ever since we defeated Garan, we have been a little too optimistic. We shouldn't forget that right now we have been banished to the Black Waste with no ability to resist."



Zhao gave a wry smile. They had used the space to beat Garan, and since then they had become too confident. It shouldn't be forgotten that the aristocracy weren't opponents that they could simply deal with. There were some noble clans that had ninth level experts. And for those that didn't, they would be willing to pay a certain price to ask for a ninth level expert's help.



Before, when those nobles were dealing with the Buda clan, they didn't even need to ask a ninth level expert to help them. It wasn't worth it for such a high price. They might as well just banish the Buda clan to the Black Waste and let them fend for themselves. However, if those nobles found out that the Buda clan had made a turnaround, and even had some great benefits that they would want, then maybe this time they would pay the price to send out a ninth level expert.



Zhao saw how strong Green and Meirin, who were eighth level experts, were. Then how strong was an expert at the ninth level? Zhao didn't dare imagine it.



He couldn't just stay in the space forever and never go out. Once he left, a ninth level expert could put him down in a second. In that case, they would be finished.



Thinking about this, Zhao let loose a breath. "Ah, yes, this time we have been too optimistic. It seems that staying low key is good. Grandma Meirin, at night you should rest in the space. Practicing there will be good for you. If the Buda clan had a ninth level expert, then no one would dare lay hands on us."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 113




Chapter 113

Saturday, May 28, 2016



Bringing the Farm... - Chap 113



Chapter 113 - Laura Returns



For the next three days, Zhao had been staying in Stony Mountain. In that time, he had harvested his radishes eleven times, plus he gained another two magic peaches and two more batches of oil fruits. Now Zhao didn't have to worry about not having enough radishes. The space had given him ten times the amount that was needed for his transaction with Laura.



In addition, he now had three hundred mature rabbits, with one thousand rabbit cubs, as well as ten adult scaled wildebeests and six hundred of their foal.



Most importantly, Zhao was also able to raise thirty thousand fire fish.



In the entire Ark Continent, thirty thousand fire fish was undoubtedly, not a drop in the bucket. If he really did sell thirty thousand fire fish at one moment, this would cause a huge sensation, because it would take a year to yield thirty thousand fire fishes.



Zhao could imagine what would happen if thirty thousand fire fishes flooded the market. It would compel all the great nobles to try to find out where they came from. If that were to happen, then the Buda clan wouldn't even know how they died.



As for the blue-eyed rabbits, Zhao didn't intend to sell them. He wanted to keep them for their meat so they would provide a good meal for the slaves.



Ah, meat. For the slaves, it was a rare thing. It could be said that their fathers, and even their grandfathers, have never eaten meat before. Of course, this only had to do with those who were born as a slave, because that would usually mean that their family had been slaves for generations. That wasn't the same as Daisy or Ann, who were once free commoners, but then were forced to become slaves. They had eaten meat before, like from blue-eyed rabbits or long-haired pigs.



Within these three days, Zhao used a lot of feed, but for him, that was nothing. He was able to cope with that huge amount with his radish leaves.



This was worth it because not only did the blue-eyed rabbit taste good, the space had also made them useful for those who practiced magic or martial arts. Although the meat didn't have the same effect of magic as his vegetables, they were quite adequate. Especially the fire fish. They tasted great and provided many benefits as well, with effects even more amazing than the meat from the blue-eyed rabbit. Eating the flesh of a fire fish was like drinking a magic potion.



The scaled wildebeests had also been changed. Now they had amazing endurance and their running speed was faster. Previously, they were like pack mules, but now they were almost like horses.



All of these changes was related to the space. It had modified the animals to compensate for their shortcomings. This was definitely good news for Zhao, because this would help him establish a strong army.



In this three day period, Zhao had been keeping tabs on the situation of Casa city. The city had been suffering because now they didn't have an intelligence network, leaving them deaf and blind. That was because they didn't have the manpower since their assassins had become undead and no longer working for them.



At this time, Green had arranged for some assassins to hide outside of Casa city. They were there to prevent anyone from coming to attack Stony Mountain, and they were waiting for Laura.



Right now the most important thing to Zhao was the deal with Laura, so he wanted to know the moment she came back.



Of course, this was also a test for Laura. If she comes back, and then takes the initiative to go see them, this would show her gratitude and will convince Zhao to form a deeper cooperation with her. However, if she doesn't come to see them when she returns, Zhao would still coop





erate with Laura, but it would just be casual.



Since they will be working together, Zhao had to come up with a way to explain how he was able to raise so much fire fish so Laura wouldn't suspect anything. In the estate, there were already hot springs with some small fire fish, but now he was planning to put some of the red plants into the ditch in the manor's yard. As for where these red plants came from, Zhao wasn't going to tell Laura, and he believed that she wouldn't ask. After all, everyone has their own secrets.



Three days quickly passed, and they had been busy. Everyday, he had been improving the land in the canyon on Iron Mountain. Also, he arranged for Meirin to help him with a test. If nothing was growing in the Black Waste because of the toxins from the carrion swamp spirit beasts, then would the water from the moat help the corn seeds germinate and grow? The space had improved the water around the castle, giving it a detoxification effect. However, this water was more diluted than the spatial water, so the effect might not be as good, but Zhao wanted to try and see if it could solve the problem of fixing the black soil.



Since this was outside the space, he would have to wait a few days to see the results of whether or not the corn would grow.



Also during this three day period, Zhao would often get in contact with Drunk and the other black mages to check on their progress in the carrion swamp. They had managed to go in fifty yards, and they also encountered a number of undead spirit beasts. Unfortunately, the levels of these undead spirit beasts were too low. There was no use for them, so they didn't catch them.



There were also some plants in the swamp, but they were nothing special, so they weren't collected. Anyway, Zhao didn't hurry them. No one knew anything about the carrion swamp, so Drunk's job was just to explore and understand it.



As for Green, over these three days, he had been searching for plants in the forests. Unfortunately, the plants that he found were mostly the same as the ones he previously discovered. None of them allowed the space to level up.



The forests around Casa city had been trampled over, so there simply wasn't a lot of spirit beasts. There were only a few low level spirit beasts, and they weren't of much use for the space. When Green brought any of these spirit beasts back, hoping that they would level up the spatial ranch, the space would say that they had no merit, and would obliterate them.



Zhao knew that leveling up the spatial ranch would be difficult, but he didn't worry. Right now he could already keep one thousand animals in the ranch. This number was certainly not low. Even if the ranch doesn't level up, it was enough for him to use.



He wanted to focus on raising blue-eyed rabbits rather than scaled wildebeests. In addition to their meat, he could also use the rabbit's fur to make winter clothes. If he could go into business with Laura with these blue-eyed rabbits, then he was ready to breed them in large quantities.



As for raising these rabbits in the mines of Iron Mountain, he wasn't in a hurry to do so. He was prepared to wait until he could buy some tools, like a bellows or an oil press machine. It wasn't just radish leaves, he could also feed the blue-eyed rabbits with any number of things, like the excess parts of oil fruits after he used the machine to press out the oil. But since he couldn't do that now, he was prepared to wait.



Three days later, at night, outside of Casa city, the waiting assassins had just sent news to Zhao that Laura had returned!





Translator Notes: This chapter is to make up for the one I missed on Thursday, 5/19



Translator Notes #2: Sorry for being gone for what might have felt like a year to you guys. My cat had died and suddenly I just didn't feel like translating anymore. But now I'm back and I'm going to make up for lost time.



Translator Notes #3: This chapter was confusing. The ranch can only hold one thousand animals, yet it was mentioned that there was now over one thousand animals. It's probably my fault. I'm only eighty two percent sure I translated the numbers right.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 114




Chapter 114



Chapter 114 - Grandpa Kun





-This chapter was sponsored by Joshua (Texas, US) and Elizabeth (Illinois, US). Thanks!!!





Laura was calmly sitting in the carriage, while Nier was sitting beside her. This carriage wasn't like the ordinary one they had used to get to Montenegro Fortress, where they had to remain low key. This carriage was an ornate one pulled by four snow stallions.



Snow stallions were fourth level water spirit beasts. They looked like ordinary horses, but they had a white body with some water magic elements. These horses were docile, so they were easy to tame. The only problem was that they were very expensive. There were even some nobles in the Continent that couldn't afford them. Snow stallions were like status symbols.



As for the carriage that Laura was sitting in, it was an ornate one built with two layers. The outer layer was made of iron driftwood. Not only was it as hard as steel, but it could also block most magic attacks. The inner layer was made of bread cotton. This material came from a very particular plant, soft as cotton but also highly elastic. It was excellent for making a variety of furniture. Unfortunately, bread cotton had a very low yield. In the Continent, an average person wouldn't be able to afford it.



In other words, you would need thousands of gold coins to buy this carriage. And the total value of the four snow stallions were worth fifty thousand gold coins.



While riding in this expensive carriage, Laura had a calm face. Her transaction had been completed. However, her losses were not small. She had lost a total of three hundred guards, and if it weren't for Zhao, she might not even be alive herself.



And Laura noticed another thing. Someone from her clan must have found out about her trip to Montenegro Fortress and arranged for people to mess with her business. This wasn't a surprise since she knew that the road wouldn't be peaceful. However, Laura didn't want to retaliate yet. She didn't know if the ones who were against her was from the upper echelons of her clan or just one of the other heirs.



If it was the upper members of the clan, then that would be troublesome. Those people represented the entire clan, so no one would help her if she decided to fight back. But if it was one of the heirs, then that wasn't a big deal. She was ready to fight them to see who was more powerful.



With this thought, Laura couldn't help but frown. She wasn't afraid if it was a battle of wits, but she also knew that she was missing something: a master.



Her father, Kevin, wasn't a good choice because although he was a seventh level mage and could be considered an expert, he had very little actual combat experience. Even though his level of magic was high, he wouldn't know what to do in a battle. It was like her father had chosen the wrong career. Instead of a mage, he should have just been a alchemist.



Thinking of choosing a master, Laura couldn't help but think of Zhao. He was a mysterious black mage that was really amazing. Not only did he save her life, he was also able to defeat all obstacles and settle down next to Casa city.



Laura had done a background check on Zhao, but she came up with nothing. It was as if he came out of nowhere. Still, she was able to find out what happened to Zhao around Casa city. It was precisely because of this that she had kept up with recent events. Now she knew of two fights that he had been in, but to be honest, she didn't expect such an outcome on the last battle.



She had seen Zhao's strength so she knew he was very strong, but she still didn't expect that he would be able to deal with someone like Garan. Everyone knew that light mages had an advantage over black mages, but in this case, the li





ght mage was defeated and had vanished without a trace, leaving many people scared.



To tell the truth, Laura didn't feel entirely at ease with Zhao. His timing was too coincidental, and he seemed to be living outside Casa city as if he was waiting for her. This made her skeptical of what his motives were.



Although Zhao did rescue her, do not forget that it was the undead black mages of the Immortal Mercenary Group that attacked her, and Zhao himself was a black mage. Who knew if there was someone kind of collusion between them.



As Nier sat beside Laura, she saw her frown, so she couldn't help but ask, "Miss, what unhappy thing are you thinking of?"



Laura turned around, saw the look on Nier's face and gave a slight chuckle. "Nothing, Nier. After we get home, get some rest. Tomorrow we'll be going to visit Mister Zhao."



"Miss, aren't you worried of what he might do to you? Why do you have to go see him?" Nier felt surprised.



Laura smiled slightly. "First, we have to thank him for saving us, and second, to deepen our connection with him."



Nier nodded. She didn't know many things, and left these sort of machinations up to Laura. She was as simple as a piece of paper. This was what made Laura feel a desire to protect her.



Just then, the carriage stopped. Searle, the driver, said, "Miss, we're home."



Nier immediately opened the carriage door while Sergio put down the foot board, allowing Laura to walk off the carriage.



Laura's home was in the Xicheng District of Casa city, a wealthy aristocratic neighborhood where rich people lived. Although Laura was only part of a branch family of the Markey clan, in the Continent, no one would dare underestimate anyone in that clan, especially in such a small territory like the Purcell Duchy. After all, Laura's father, Kevin Markey, was the second heir to the clan, which was an even higher position than the Grand Duke of the Purcell Duchy.



The power of the Markey Company spans across half the Continent, making it a lot more prestigious than a mere duke from the Aksu Empire. Because of that, Laura's home was placed in the best position in the Xicheng District, a gorgeous area that covered acres.



Just as Laura got out of the carriage, an old man went up to meet her. This old man was the housekeeper of their home, but to Laura, she respected him like he was her grandfather. Laura's mother died when she was small, and this old man had raised her as if she was his own grandchild. He taught her a lot of things, and if it weren't for him, she wouldn't have accomplished any of today's achievements.



When Laura saw the old man, she immediately greeted him. "Grandpa Kun, you didn't need to personally come to the door. You could have just let others to do it."



Kun gave a chuckle. "It's okay. I heard that someone tried to deal with you. Of course I wanted to take a look to see if my little Laura was hurt. Well, the Immortal Mercenary Group? Those bastards, just thinking of them makes me mad. Sooner or later, I'm going to go destroy them. Since they dared to fight against you, I think that they don't want to live."



Kun's words weren't light. He was strong with the strength of an eighth level warrior. In fact, Laura's martial arts skills were learned from him.



Laura smiled. "Grandpa Kun, you don't need to worry about the Immortal Mercenary Group. Anyway, where's my father?"



From the mention of Kevin, Kun couldn't help but give a wry smile. "He's in his laboratory. He wanted to pick you up, but you know how it is. Once he starts with his experiments, he will forget the time."



"Never mind." Laura knew what kind of person her father was, so she didn't care. "Grandpa Kun, did you prepare something delicious for me?"



Kun laughed. "I know what you want when you come back. Rest assured, I have prepared something delicious. I deliberately sent someone to purchase two small fire fish. Do you think those are good enough for a meal?"



Having heard of her favorite thing to eat, Laura couldn't help but cheer loudly. "Great! There's fire fish!" She pulled Nier with her as they ran inside. At this moment, she displayed herself as a true teenage girl, nothing like the high and decisive front she showed to outsiders.



Looking at Laura, Kun couldn't help but smile as he followed her into the house.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 115




Chapter 115



Chapter 115 - Businessman





-This chapter was sponsored by Jaimie (UK). Let's give a big round of applause to this guy!





After dinner, Laura went to her living room. This wasn't the large living room used to entertain people. This was more like an inner chamber that only Laura's most trusted men could come into. Now there were only three people here: Laura, Nier, and Grandpa Kun.



Laura and Kun were sitting on the sofa, holding a cup of tea in their hands, while Nier was standing beside Laura.



Laura drank her tea, then she turned to Kun. "Grandpa Kun, tomorrow I will be making a trip to Stony Mountain to visit Zhao. Do you think this is a right decision?"



Kun also drank his tea, and nodded his head. "It's okay. After all, he did save your life. Recently, Zhao's name can always be heard in Casa city. You should know that just a few days ago, he had asked us for help with a shipment of blue-eyed rabbits, although I don't know what he would want them for. Right now Stony Mountain has become restricted, and most people will not even get too close, but tomorrow I will go with you."



No matter what, Laura will always ask Grandpa Kun for his opinion. This just shows how much she respects him.



Because of what he said, Laura felt relieved. Kun looked at her and smiled. "Do you have doubts about Zhao?"



Laura nodded. "Ah, yes, I started to have a little bit of doubt about him. It's just that his emergence was just too coincidental. Plus, he is a black mage, so I'm afraid that he might have ties to the Immortal Mercenary Group."



Kun was still smiling. "That is unlikely. I did a deep background check on the Immortal Mercenary Group and it seems like they belong to a secret organization. When Zhao was attacked, it was probably related to that organization, which included Garan and the three advanced level warriors. Although I can't find out more than that because this organization is very large and mysterious, I am certain that Zhao has absolutely nothing to do with them."



Laura's face changed. "There is such an organization? And the black mages of the Immortal Mercenary Group is part of them? But since Garan is a light mage, it is unlikely that he is in league with this organization."



Kun gave a slight chuckle as he looked at Laura. "Silly girl, nothing is impossible. This world is not as simple as you think. Do you think that all light mages are enemies against black mages? In fact, in this world, black mages aren't necessarily evil, and light mages aren't always clean. It's only because black magic doesn't have a good reputation that many people misunderstand it."



Laura nodded, understanding his words. "Then if this mysterious organization has control of such strong forces, then why don't they lord it over us? Why has no one on the Continent heard of them before?"



"Those with real strength doesn't need to lord it over this world's people. Any dynasty will face destruction eventually, but a force that hides underground will be difficult to destroy. The presence of these large forces have been there since ancient times, penetrating into every aspect of this Continent. They are definitely a force that you can't make light of."



This was the first time Laura has heard of such a thing, so she couldn't help but feel surprised. "Who can control such a force?"



Kun smiled. "No one knows."



"Well then, we just have to deal with them with our own hands," Laura said.



Kun shook his head. "That is impossible. If those big forces wanted to deal with us, we wouldn't be sitting here now. Do no





t underestimate their power. If they really wanted to destroy us, then we would be unable to resist even if the entire Markey clan came together."



Laura was surprised. "They have that much power?"



"Yes, they are that powerful. The Markey clan could be considered a strong clan on the Continent, but compared to those big forces out there, if they wanted to deal with us, we would most likely be dead."



"They sound very dangerous." Laura frowned. "Now that Zhao has defeated the Immortal Mercenary Group, wouldn't that usher in revenge against him?"



Kun gave a slight chuckle. "This Zhao is not so simple. I doubt that he doesn't also have a large force supporting him, otherwise as a black mage, how would he be able to summon so much high level undead. Do you think that a mage without any background would be able to do such a thing?"



Laura froze for a moment. "Grandpa Kun, are you saying that Zhao is also that powerful?"



Kun nodded. "It is possible. From the way he's doing things, it's likely that he is part of some other large underground force. If we could get in contact with them, maybe we could gain some benefits."



"But would those benefits be worth it?" Laura asked. "If Zhao represented a vast underground force, and they do battle against the forces of that mysterious organization, wouldn't we just be in danger if we get caught between them?"



"Little Laura," Kun smiled, "After so many years in business, if you haven't yet understood that sometimes you'll have to make risky investments, then you're not qualified as a businessman. Tomorrow, we will go see Zhao, and that is tantamount to making an investment. I believe that he is suitable to invest in."



Kun calmly explained. "You have to remember, as a businessman, life has two kinds of people. Those that are worthy enough to invest in and those that are not worthy enough to invest in. This includes your friends and relatives. If your friend deserves an investment, then you can invest in him and help him, and one day you will gain some benefits. But there are people that are not worthy of your investment, and these people could even be your relatives. You can help them, but your help must have a limit, because these people will not give you anything in return."



Laura looked at Kun in a sly way. "Grandpa Kun, what kind of person am I?"



Kun coughed twice, then stared at Laura. "You are a special circumstance, not one of those two kinds of people."



Laura laughed.



Kun was looking at Laura, but he had a wry smile on his face. He knew that Laura was smart and very decisive in her work, but she was also too soft-hearted. Sometimes you have to be heavy-handed in business. But Kun understood the reason for this. After all, Laura was only eighteen years old, and was just blooming as a girl. It was impossible to expect more out of a young girl.



Kun sighed. "Whether or not Zhao is part of some large underground force, his strength is still certain. If we befriend him, it can only be good for us."



Laura nodded, then she frowned. "Anyway, Grandpa Kun, Zhao did save my life. Tomorrow, we should have some gifts ready to give him. What kind of gift do you think we should bring?"



Kun also frowned. "I don't know. What if we sent a bad gift that Zhao wouldn't like. This is really not easy to handle."



"Ah, but when I first talked to Zhao, he seems like a man that you could get along well with. And he is a mage, so I think that we should choose a robe and magic staff as gifts. The last time I met him, his robe and staff were ordinary ones, so I think that something with the wind element or moonlight will be good."



Kun nodded. "That's a good idea. We could give him a moonlight robe, since it's a dark robe perfect for black mages. And a wind element magic staff could increase the strength of black magic. The total value of these two gifts will be more than fifty thousand gold coins. I think Zhao should be satisfied."





Translator Notes: This chapter is to make up for the one I missed on Saturday, 5/21



Translator Notes #2: Don't ask me, I also don't get why a wind magic staff can strengthen black magic. That's just what it says.



Translator Notes #3: Illuminati





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 116




Chapter 116

Saturday, May 28, 2016



Bringing the Farm... - Chap 116



Chapter 116 - Formidable



Moonlight robes were a type of dark robe. This dark robe was woven from the hair of a dark eagle, which was a seventh level spirit beast. Not only did it fly fast, what was most notable about it was its strong defense. Generally, magic and martial art attacks would have no effect on it. Dark eagles were known as the black kings of the sky. They were elegant and a little rebellious.



This robe could defend against fifth level magical attacks, as well as fourth level or less martial art attacks. It was a high level magic item with a market price of twenty five thousand to thirty thousand gold coins.



As for the wind magic staff, it was made from a century old willow tree that had been soaked in the blood of a wind spirit beast. Not only did it increase the strength of wind spells, it also made black magic spells stronger. The entire staff was blue with a jewel set at the head. The market price for this magic item could be about twenty thousand to twenty five thousand gold coins.



Laura was going to give these as a gift, but the price wasn't low, and reached fifty thousand gold coins. This was equivalent to half the tax of a small territory.



The next morning, Laura, Nier, and Kun were riding in a carriage on their way to Stony Mountain. This time they were followed by twenty guards with Sergio as the leader.



Laura was quite confident that no one in Casa city, including the Purcell clan, would dare to attack them. Because of their identity, if someone dared to attack them, that was tantamount to angering the entire Markey clan.



Right now they were sitting in a carriage that was pulled by snow stallions, while Sergio was riding a third level horse spirit beast. They were moving fast. Normally it would take two days to go from Casa city to Stony Mountain, but for them half a day would be enough.



The moment Laura left Casa city, this news was directed towards Zhao.



This result was what Zhao wanted to see. In the living room of his manor, Zhao smiled as he sat next to Green. "It seems that Laura is worth cooperating with. Just after she got back from Montenegro Fortress, she is coming to visit us."



Green smiled slightly. "Yes, they seem to actually have quite a bit of conscience. But if we want to further cooperate with them, we still have to test them to see if we could work together."



"I was thinking the same thing. After all, we have too many things that other people would be jealous of. Even if Laura is credible, there is no guarantee that the people around her won't be greedy. We still have to be careful," Zhao said.



Green nodded. "Then shouldn't we go prepare to greet them?"



"Ah, yes, you should get ready."



Shortly before noon, Laura asked, "Sergio, how much time before we get to Stony Mountain?"



While riding his horse next to the carriage, Sergio at once said, "Miss, you can already see the mountain rocks by now. But the mountain has gone through a big change."



"Oh? Really?" Laura opened the front of the carriage to take a look.



The carriage had two doors, one in the front and one in the back. There were two rows of benches on the left and right side of the carriage, with a small box in the middle, containing things to eat. The box was designed with ice magic, keeping the stuff inside at a lower temperature. There was also a magic lamp in the carriage that was used to heat things. It could be said that this carriage was like a room that was a full six square meters, three meters long and two meters wide. It was big enough that you could sleep comfortably in.



Because of this des





ign, the cost of this carriage was very high. Only those with identity and status would be able to afford it.



Laura looked out of the carriage and saw Stony Mountain. However, it didn't have its original look because the whole mountain was surrounded by a cloud of black fog. She then understood why Sergio said that Stony Mountain looked different.



The reason why Laura knew what Stony Mountain originally looked like was because it had a hot spring. When the merchant that owned Stony Mountain wanted to sell it, he mentioned that it had a hot spring that could be used to raise fire fish. Of course, Laura as a businessman wouldn't let such an opportunity pass by, so she came to Stony Mountain to examine it. But in the end, although there were a few small fire fish, the hot spring simply didn't have the ability to raise them at a large scale, so Laura gave up on it.



However, she still remembered what Stony Mountain was supposed to look like, but now it was covered in black fog.



Kun couldn't help but chuckle as he looked at Stony Mountain. "To cover up a whole mountain with a blanket of darkness would require a black mage to at least be at the sixth level. It seems like Zhao really is very powerful."



On the Continent, it was recognized that a black mage that had managed to reach the fifth level was very powerful. That was because black magic was very weird, so almost no one was willing to challenge a fifth or higher level black mage.



Laura smiled slightly. "Of course, Zhao's strength is stronger than a sixth level. He was able to deal with the Immortal Mercenary Group. Plus he could summon more than a thousand undead, and each of those undead were very powerful. A sixth level mage couldn't do that, right?"



Kun nodded. "Ah, it seems like his rank should be at the eighth level, otherwise it would be impossible for him to defeat Garan. But then again, what happened to the one hundred assassins of the Purcell Duchy that were with him? It's not very likely that they were all killed. Some of them must have fled. Yet, none of them have come back. If they're not alive, then they would be dead, but no one has found their bodies."



"Those assassins might not be easy to kill, but don't forget that Zhao could summon more than a thousand undead, so wouldn't those undead thirst for flesh? Or maybe Zhao used his abilities as a black mage to turn them into undead? It's not impossible for Zhao to kill Garan's army and bring them back as undead."



Kun's face changed, then he nodded his head. "That is most likely what happened. It seems that Zhao is more ruthless than I thought. I am now even more curious about him."



The carriage stopped at the bottom of Stony Mountain. Just then the black fog became more volatile, and then it split apart, revealing a road that went up the mountain. In the middle of the road was a man that had a helmet covering his face. Laura recognized him. He was one of Zhao's followers.



The man standing in the middle of the road was of course Green. Zhao had sent his assassins to track Laura's every move ever since she left Casa city. When she arrived at the mountain, he ordered for the black fog to separate.



Green bowed to Laura, and said, "Welcome, Miss Laura. My master knew that you were coming here today, so he specially ordered me to come greet you. Please follow me." Having said that, the black fog split again and out came Alien. Green jumped on its head, then it turned its huge body and walked straight up the mountain.



Laura didn't know what to do for a moment, but as she saw Green walking away, all she could do was tell the carriage driver to follow him.



Kun's face didn't look so good as he watched Green. "Laura, this Zhao isn't so simple. It's likely that he really destroyed Garan. He was actually aware of our whereabouts, so he would have known in advance if Garan had tried to set up an ambush."



Laura nodded. "I didn't think that Zhao would be so powerful. Oh, but the more powerful he is, the better. We need a formidable ally."



Kun was sullen as he muttered. "Allies that are too formidable might not necessarily be a good thing."





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 117




Chapter 117



Chapter 117 - Surprised





-This chapter was sponsored by:



Pamela (US)

Dylan (Australia)

Jaimie (UK)

Cody (US)

Robert (US)



Thank you everybody!!!





The guards surrounded Laura's carriage as they walked up the road. The black fog enveloped them from behind, like a monster that had swallowed them, making everyone unconsciously speed up.



Soon they saw the manor at the top of the mountain. The last time Laura was here, she saw how shabby the manor was because no one had taken care of it for a long time. But since Zhao lived here now, she thought that it would have been renovated, but there seemed to have been no renovations or maintenance. From the outside, everything still looked shabby.



The doors of the manor were opened. Inside were two rows of humanoid undead standing in line. The bodies of these humanoid undead were dark green, like they had been carved from jade. They were scary looking, but far from the point of terror. On the contrary, these undead almost looked like a work of art.



These two rows added up to nearly one hundred undead, each of them wearing armor that was usually worn by mercenaries, and they were carrying weapons.



When Laura and Kun saw how they were dressed, they couldn't help but look at each other's eyes as they understood. They knew that sometime ago, Garan had brought a lot of mercenaries to deal with Zhao. And Laura remembered that the first time she met Zhao, he had summoned a lot of undead, but very few of them were humanoid ones. Yet suddenly there were so many humanoid undead. If you add in their outfits, it was natural to figure out where they came from.



Green was sitting on Alien at the back of the yard. When Laura's carriage stopped in front of him, he jumped down and stood next to the carriage, then he bowed. "Please, Miss Laura, my master is waiting for you in the living room."



Laura nodded, then she, Nier, and Kun got down from the carriage. Green then turned to her and said, "Miss Laura, please tell your men to follow the undead. They will take them somewhere to rest." He pointed his finger at the undead, and they all immediately bowed to Laura.



Laura and Kun were surprised for a moment. They were very well-informed, but they had never seen a smart undead before. Although they were surprised, Laura turned to the leader of the guards and said, "Sergio, follow them and go rest."



Sergio nodded as he and his men followed the undead.



Green led Laura, Nier, and Kun around the yard. Along the way, Laura stole some glances to look at everything. Although it wasn't much, the yard did go through some renovations, making it cleaner. As the four continued on, Laura's and Kun's eyes found the ditch where the hot springs flowed through.



The last time she was here, the hot springs weren't anything to take note of, but this time, it was all she could see. That was because of the fire fish.



Dense. They couldn't count the number of fire fish that were packed inside the ditch. Seeing this scene stunned both Laura and Kun. They were very clear about the situation of Stony Mountain. These hot springs were unsuitable to raise so many fire fish, but not only were they alive and well, they were even bigger than the average-sized small fire fish. How was this possible?



Green couldn't help but smile as he watched the two stop and stare. Of course, he had deliberately led them here. After seeing the fire fish, it would ease their talks of cooperation. Green then turned to the three and said, "Miss Laura, my master is waiting for you inside."



Laura snapp





ed back to reality, but then she pointed at the fire fish and stammered, "This, this, how did you do this?"



Green smiled slightly. "This is our home. Please come inside." Then he led them into the reception room of one of the buildings.



Laura could see that Green didn't want to say, so she didn't ask anymore questions. She just exchanged a surprised look with Kun as they followed behind Green into the reception room.



Zhao and Meg were standing in the reception room, waiting for Laura and her group. When he saw Laura enter, Zhao said, "Welcome, Miss Laura. I didn't think that when you just got back yesterday, you will be able to see me today. I am really honored."



Laura bowed to Zhao. "Mister Zhao, compared to your life-saving kindness, this is nothing. I feel happy that I haven't disturbed you with my abrupt visit today."



Zhao gave a slight chuckle. "Miss Laura is too polite. Please come in."



They all went into the living room, where they sat on two sides so they could face each other. Meg brought a pot of tea and gave each person a cup. Laura didn't pay attention to the tea, but instead noted the Iron Book that Meg was carrying.



Laura and Kun were well-informed people, so naturally they would recognize the Iron Book, but they didn't think that a servant of Zhao would actually be holding it.



Zhao noted where the two's eyes were looking, but he didn't say anything about it. "This is a small place, and we don't really have anything to entertain you with. Please, won't you two try our tea?"



The two recovered and politely took a sip from their cups. Zhao looked at Kun and asked, "Miss Laura, who is this?"



"Sorry, how rude of me," Laura said. "This is my housekeeper, but I respect him like an elder. He is my Grandpa Kun."



Kun stood up, and then he bowed to Zhao. "I would like to thank Mister Zhao for rescuing Miss Laura. She is like family to me."



Zhao waved it off. "It's not worth mentioning. Sit down, Mister Kun."



Kun sat back down, while Laura looked at Zhao and asked, "I have a question, but I don't know if it iss improper for me to speak."



"What do you want to ask me, Miss Laura?"



Laura looked at Meg. "Mister Zhao, your maid is holding the Iron Book. But where did it come from?"



Zhao gave a slight chuckle. "Oh, I just took it from someone who wanted to come here and make trouble. It's not something I can do anything with, so I just rewarded my maid with it."



Laura and Kun carefully glanced at Meg. Those two could be considered experts, so they were able to detect a strong wave of magic fluctuating off of her. It seems that she wasn't anything less than a fifth level mage.



The two couldn't help but feel surprised. Ever since they came to Stony Mountain, they were overcome by too many surprises. Whether it was a whole mountain covered by black magic, the courteous undead that could understand people, the large number of fire fish, or a maid that was also a fifth level mage, all of these things surprised them.



Laura and Kun could see the glimmer in each other's eyes. Kun paused for a moment to take a deep breath, then he turned to Zhao and asked, "Mister Zhao, what happened to the man who attacked you?"



Zhao smiled. "Haven't you seen that he has become my servant?"



Although they were kind of expecting it, to hear Zhao tell them, they still felt very surprised. "Mister Zhao, are you saying that you made a light mage your servant?" Kun was well-informed, so naturally he knew that it was difficult for a light mage to be turned into an undead. There was a high probability of failure, but even if they succeeded, it would only become the lowest level undead. Did Garan, an eighth level light mage, really become an undead? If Garan didn't become an undead, then how did Zhao get his hands on the Iron Book?



In the Continent, Garan was a famous light mage. It wasn't just because he was at the eighth level, he was also best known as someone who was specialized in fighting black mages. As long as Garan finds a black mage, he would challenge him. Those black mages would only have a little chance of surviving once Garan sets his sights on them. Because of this, Garan gained a nickname: Black Mage Killer.



Garan had been able to win so many battles that many black mages feared him. Apart from being an eighth level light mage, he also had the Iron Book, which could seal a lot of light spells. A lot of black mages had died because of the Iron Book.



Zhao smiled at Kun, then he turned to Green. "Go call Gamma."



Green saluted, then he turned and walked out. Laura and Kun gave Zhao a puzzled look, but Zhao just smiled and didn't say anything as he took a sip of tea. Soon footsteps were heard, and Green came back in with an undead behind him.



When Kun and Laura saw that undead, they were stunned!





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 118




Chapter 118





Chapter 118 - Special Dishes



This was the first time Laura and Kun saw such a strange undead.



It was a humanoid undead that had a white, almost transparent, skeleton. It wore a gorgeous white robe and it was holding a white magic staff. It didn't take much to figure out that these were a light mage's equipment.



A white skeleton was not worthy of attention. However, the bones of this skeleton wasn't simply white, but a crystal clear color that sometimes shined with a holy light. This skeleton was indeed worthy of attention.



An undead that gave off a holy feeling? Were the gods living in hell?



Laura and Kun were stunned by the skeleton that was standing behind Green. They really didn't know what to say to describe this undead. Its skeleton was really too strange.



Zhao looked at the two's expressions, then he looked at Nier who was standing beside Laura. She was a petite maid with very little presence, just like how Zhao was. The look on her face wasn't the same as Laura's or Kun's. They had a look of shock, but Nier's expression was more of curiosity. Yes, it was curiosity, not surprise.



Zhao couldn't help but think that Nier was interesting. Her eyes were pure, clearly reflecting the thoughts inside her head, like a pure crystal. This was the first girl Zhao had ever seen that had pure eyes. Don't forget that Meg would sometimes have a sly look in her eyes. But Nier's eyes were pure, like she could heal your soul.



Eventually, Zhao recovered, and then he smiled at the white skeleton. "Gamma, say hello to Miss Laura and Mister Kun."



Like in a traditional aristocratic ceremony, Gamma extended his greetings to them like a gentleman. He was so graceful about it that for a moment, Laura and Kun forgot that he was an undead, and they greeted him back. Afterwards, they both felt a little embarrassed about it.



Curious, Laura asked, "Mister Zhao, you mean to say that this undead was Garan?"



"He's no longer Garan. In the future, the world will only know him as Gamma," Zhao said. "Okay Gamma, you can leave now."



Gamma bowed to them, then turned and walked away.



Laura stared at Gamma's departing back, then she faced Zhao. "Mister Zhao, what level of undead is Gamma?"



Zhao thought about it. "I think he's at the seventh level, but I'm not quite sure."



Laura and Kun saw a glimmer of shock in each other's eyes. They were very clear on the fact that a black mage turning a dead man into a high level undead was very difficult.



"Mister Zhao, does Gamma still have his memories from when he was alive?" Kun quickly asked.



Zhao shook his head. "This is not so. At the beginning, he just became an ordinary undead, but then I used an arcane magic that allowed him to remember how to cast light spells. Although this made it so that he's no longer low level, it still didn't help him recover any other memories."



Laura and Kun didn't really understand, how could an undead be able to use light spells? They really wanted to know what secret law that Zhao had discovered.



It was very clear that a lot of black mages had been searching for ways to turn their low level undeads into high level ones, but after so many years of research, they had made little progress. If those black mages were to know that Zhao had a way to do this, they would all go crazy.



The two looked at Zhao, not understanding why he was telling them this momentous thing. But then they saw how Green and Meg were watching them with a determined look, and although Zhao's face was covered by the veil of his black hat, they could feel that he was watching them





as well.



Suddenly, Kun was able to figure it out, and he quickly said, "Please rest assured, Mister Zhao. No word of what we see or hear will leak from us. I guarantee this on the honor of the Markey clan." Laura quickly nodded, agreeing with what Kun had said.



Zhao smiled. "The two of you don't really need to make such an oath. To tell you the truth, although I can increase the level of an undead, it only works under precise conditions. It is simply impossible for others to learn how to do it."



Kun and Laura certainly didn't believe him, but they both nodded. After that, Laura waved at Nier and directed her to walk out of the room, then Laura turned to Zhao. "Today, we have bothered you, Mister Zhao, because I wanted to thank you for saving my life. So we prepared two small gifts. I hope that you will accept them."



Soon, Nier ran back in while holding two long boxes. One of them had a dark robe, which Laura took out. "Mister Zhao, this is a moonlight robe, which is a fairly decent equipment for a black mage." Having said that, she presented it to Zhao.



Zhao stood up, looked over the robe, and then he nodded. "Then I'll be polite, Miss Laura." He took the moonlight robe and gave it to Green to hold.



When Laura saw Zhao take the dark robe, she couldn't help but feel relieved. She then grabbed the other long box and gently opened it, revealing a magic staff. "Mister Zhao, this is a wind element magic staff, but because it has been soaked in the blood of a wind spirit beast, it can also strengthen black magic as well. I hope that you will accept this as well."



Zhao laughed. "Miss Laura sure is determined. To be honest, this staff is of no use to me, but my maid just so happens to be a wind mage. I have been searching for an appropriate magic staff for her, so Miss Laura's help has just come at the right time." He picked up the magic staff and gave it to Meg.



Laura didn't think that Zhao would give this staff straight to Meg, but she didn't say anything about it. After all, technically Zhao still accepted the magic staff.



Meg had a happy face as she held onto the wind magic staff. "Thank you, Master," she said to Zhao.



Zhao nodded, then he turned to Laura. "Since Miss Laura gave us these two gifts, of course I can also not be stingy. We should head into the dining room for lunch. Please follow me, Miss Laura, Mister Kun, and young lady." Having said that, he led the way.



Laura and Kun politely followed behind Zhao. Soon a few people arrived at the large dining room, where Meirin had prepared lunch.



When Meirin saw Zhao come in, she quickly smiled and said, "Master, the food is ready."



Zhao nodded, then he said, "Miss Laura, Mister Kun, young lady, please sit down. Here we're not like those big aristocracy where they are too many rules. We all sit together to eat."



Although Laura and Kun were a little against this curious practice, they didn't say anything. They both sat down along with Nier.



With Meg's help, Meirin brought out the meals for everyone. Today's food was very rich: roasted rabbit with some fire fish, and vegetables that had been produced by the space. Meirin went all out for this lunch.



Earlier, the Buda clan had a discussion which resulted in this meal to give Laura a taste of these vegetables, all in order to further their cooperation for the future.



Laura and Kun took note of the dishes on the table. In addition to the roasted rabbit meat, the fire fish, and the magic radishes, there were also some vegetables that they were unfamiliar with. Not only that, but the cooking method seemed to also be a little special.



Soon all the meals were served. These were very special dishes. Laura carefully looked over the table, but she found that she didn't know what cuisine this was.



Kun was also frowning at the dishes. To tell the truth, he considered himself very knowledgable, but the food on the table was something he had never seen before.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 119




Chapter 119





Chapter 119 - Cooperation (Part 1)



Kun shook his head, and Laura understood that he was saying he had never seen such dishes before, which made her feel even more curious.



Zhao saw the look on Laura's face and slightly chuckled. "Come, Miss Laura, Mister Kun, lady Nier. Try it. These are our specialties."



"Then I'll be polite," Laura said. "Honestly, this is the first time I have seen such big fire fish."



"Miss likes to eat fire fish, but we didn't expect that we could eat it here. Mister Zhao, do you have a lot of experience raising fire fish?" Kun asked.



Temptation!



Everyone knew what Kun was really asking for, but Zhao didn't get angry. In fact, he was waiting for them to give in to their temptation to ask. "Not really. We just came here for the hot springs. I like hot springs, so we stayed, and raised the fire fish as an afterthought. Unfortunately, the environment here stops us from raising a lot."



Not raising a lot? Kun and Laura couldn't help but recall the dense amount of fire fish they saw in the hot spring's ditch. There was a point where modesty could go too far.



Kun frowned. "Mister Zhao, may I take the liberty to ask, did you bring these fire fish from somewhere else? Because I remember the last time I came here to Stony Mountain, there were very few small fire fish in the hot springs, but now they're bigger and there are so much more. Even if you are raising fire fish, it would be impossible to raise that many in such a short time."



Laura knew why Kun was asking this. Zhao had only come to Stony Mountain not too long ago, so there was no way he could raise so many fire fish. The only explanation was that he must have brought them from elsewhere. But where? Maybe his answer would tell them where he came from.



Zhao shook his head. "I'm sorry, Mister Kun. It's a secret." It was clear that he refused to answer, like he was saying, I will not tell you and you will not find out.



At once, Kun said, "I'm sorry, Mister Zhao. I was being rude."



"Don't worry about it." Zhao waved it off, then he smiled, "Now try our vegetables before they go cold."



Laura and her group politely picked up their knives and forks, ready to taste the dishes on the table. Unlike them, Zhao wasn't a native of the Ark Continent, so he was using chopsticks since he wasn't used to knives and forks.



Ever since Meirin started learning how to make Chinese food, Zhao had been using chopsticks. Green and everyone else thought it was strange, but they didn't say anything about it.



Before, Green would tell Zhao not to do anything too strange since he was a noble, but now that Zhao had the space, Green would rarely say anything. Anyway, they lived in the Black Waste, so whether or not you acted like a noble, no one would see it.



These days, if Zhao acted too much like a noble, that would not be a good thing because it would make it easy to detect his true identity. Right now Zhao was supposed to be a black mage. In the Continent, black mages were a very special profession that was recognized as having some quirks. If a black mage acted too normal, no one would believe that he was a black mage.



Laura and her group noticed Zhao using chopsticks. It was made from a branch of an oil fruit tree, shaved down with a knife, and polished until its reddish brown wood became shiny and beautiful.



Zhao didn't take his hat off. This dark robe set was interesting because the veil of the hat could be adjusted, so you didn't need to bother to take it off when you wanted to eat.



Laura and Kun gave Zhao a puzzled look. They didn't know why he





was eating this way. When Zhao saw the look on the two's faces, he laughed. "I'm sorry. Because of some special reasons, I do not want others to see my face."



Saying that was worse than giving no explanation. If Zhao hadn't said anything, Laura and Kun would just have assumed that eating with a veil was just another quirk of his. But thanks to what he said, Laura couldn't help but ask herself, why does Zhao not want others to see his face? Was he afraid of being recognized? Was he a wanted criminal in the Empire?



But Zhao gave no further explanation. After all, today was only the second time he had met Laura. So Zhao didn't say anything as he kept his head down and ate lunch.



Seeing as Zhao wasn't speaking, Laura and Kun focused on eating. Soon they didn't feel bored because the things they were eating really were delicious.



They had never tasted food like this before. It was completely different than what you could find on the Ark Continent.



Laura had high requirements when it comes to what she ate. Whether it was cooking methods or ingredients, she was very demanding.



Part of the Markey Company's business was selling vegetables and other types of food. Naturally, they must have the ability to assess the quality of vegetables. After all, the Markey Company's biggest customers weren't the commoners, but the nobility.



The most important thing to nobles when it came to food was that they must taste good. When Laura did any business related to food, usually she would personally taste it herself.



In the Continent, their cooking methods weren't really worth mentioning, but their quality of ingredients was high, otherwise there would be no distinction between ordinary vegetables and magic vegetables.



In addition to increasing magic power, magic vegetables also tasted a lot better than ordinary vegetables.



It was precisely because of this that Laura became very interested about the food on the table. Not only were the cooking methods good, but each dish also had high quality ingredients.



In the beginning, Laura didn't even want to try the dish that was made from magic radishes. In her opinion, magic radishes were the lowest level of magic vegetables, so she simply wasn't interested in eating it. But out of politeness, she ate one and found that it was the most delicious magic radish she ever had. The taste was pure and crisp. It was simply the best.



Laura couldn't help but feel taken aback. She tried all the other dishes and everything was delicious. The most important one was the fire fish. She had eaten fire fish before, so this dish shouldn't be more delicious than any of the other ones she had tried in the past, but it was. It was so good that she couldn't stop herself from eating two portions.



The atmosphere around the table was good with everyone thoroughly enjoying themselves.



Once lunch was over, they all went back into the living room. Meg and Meirin provided everyone with a cup of tea. It was then that Zhao turned to Laura and said, "Miss Laura, you know, if you hadn't come to me, I would have gone to see you."



Laura was surprised for a moment, not knowing why he would want to meet her, but then she quickly asked, "What can I do for you, Mister Zhao?"



"It's no big deal. Miss Laura might not see it, but my people are struggling, plus I'm a black mage so it's hard to earn money for my family. I want to ask if Miss Laura can help me with that."



Laura was surprised, not understanding what Zhao meant. Although the times she had been in contact with Zhao was short, she had imagined that he was a somewhat arrogant man. His pride was something that was deep in his bones. Such people weren't likely to open up to her about their lack of money, and would try to solve their problems by themselves. It was then that Laura immediately thought about the hot springs full of fire fish outside.



"What do you mean?" Laura asked. She was still not sure what Zhao's idea was.



"I want your cooperation in some business, Miss Laura. I don't know whether or not you are willing."



Laura's eyes were shining. "Are you talking about selling those fire fish?"



Zhao gave a slight chuckle. "No, the amount of fire fish is too little now. I can only sell about a hundred a month to you. What I'm talking about is another business: magic radishes."



"Magic radishes? Well, if you're planning to sell a lot, then that is no problem. We of the Markey Company could endure it." Laura was justified in saying this because magic radishes weren't precious things. She believed that if Zhao wasn't selling a lot of them, he wouldn't have wanted to meet her.



Zhao stared at Laura and said, "Miss Laura, I would like to know if you can endure how much magic radishes I'm going to sell per month. As for the quality of the magic radishes, you just have to taste it."



He placed a magic radish on the table.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 120




Chapter 120





Chapter 120 - Cooperation (Part 2)





-This chapter was sponsored by Noah (Wisconsin, US). Thanks!!!





Laura looked at the white magic radish. She didn't remember how many radishes she had seen before, but this was the first time she had seen such a high quality magic radish.



Kun was also giving this white magic radish a determined look, but what his heart really took note of was Zhao. With just a wave of his hand, Zhao made the magic radish appear. What did this mean? It meant that Zhao had some sort of spatial item.



Spatial items weren't something that ordinary people could have. Only a few large forces in the Continent had spatial items. For example, in the entire Markey clan, there was only one of these items, which was a spatial bag that the patriarch kept close to his body. Kun had heard that this bag contained a spatial area of one hundred cubic meters, which could be considered a lot of space.



Spatial items weren't just special equipment, it was also a sign of your superior status. You wouldn't be able to get a spatial item if you didn't have great strength. That was why Kun's heart couldn't help but feel surprised when Zhao pulled that magic radish out of nowhere. Because of this, Kun had confirmed his belief that Zhao certainly belonged to some kind of large underground force, otherwise he wouldn't have a spatial item.



Kun was now more determined about cooperating with Zhao. That was because he was very clear about their situation with the Markey clan. Although Kevin was the second heir to the clan, he simply didn't raise his own forces, so their position in the clan was small. They needed a powerful ally.



Laura picked up the magic radish off the table and carefully looked at it, then she put it back down. "Mister Zhao, do you have other magic radishes of this quality?"



Zhao smiled. "They're all the same, including the size. Please rest assured, Miss Laura. I want this to be a long-term cooperation, not just a one-shot business deal."



Laura suddenly stood up and bowed to Zhao. "I would like to thank Mister Zhao for trusting me with this proposal. You have now become an official ally of the Markey clan."



Zhao quickly stood up as well, and reached towards Laura. "No, in this case, an alliance with the Markey clan is impossible. What I was interested in was an alliance with you, Miss Laura."



Laura was surprised by what he said. In fact, although Laura told Zhao that he would have an alliance with the Markey clan, what she really wanted to do was ask him to form an alliance with her. However, she feared that Zhao would not go for this because her strength was too small. She really didn't think that Zhao would propose an alliance with her himself rather than form an alliance with the Markey clan.



This filled Laura with joy, but this also raised a wave of doubt in her heart. She looked at the magic radish on the table, which could be said was top quality. No matter who Zhao wanted to cooperate with in selling this radish, the other side would give him the best part of the deal. So why did Zhao choose them to work with?



"Why would Mister Zhao want to ally yourself with me? You should know that an alliance with the Markey clan would get you greater benefits," Laura said.



"I just want to do business with you, Miss Laura. I know you, but I don't know the Markey clan. I had even heard that their big stores would bully people. Even if your strength is smaller, if I cooperate with you, I wouldn't have to worry."



It was as Zhao said. He had a dense amount of fire fish outside. Although they might give him a lot of gold coins, they would also become the root of trouble. If Zhao





were to cooperate with a large clan, it was likely he would only get bones that were hard to swallow.



Figuring this point out, Laura said, "Well, I will not do anything of that sort to you. From now on, I will be your staunchest ally. Please believe me."



Zhao smiled. "If I didn't believe you, Miss Laura, then we wouldn't be talking about this today. Now please give me a number on how many magic radishes you can endure per month."



Laura made a quick calculation. "I can't buy too much right now. We already have a store supplier that we have collaborated with for a long time, so I must make some preparations before we can work together. How about I send someone to pick up one jin of magic radishes three days later?"



"Only one jin?" Zhao frowned. That figure was too low, only the equivalent of five thousand catty.



Laura saw Zhao frowning, but she thought it was because he didn't have that much magic radishes. "Is this amount too large, Mister Zhao?"



Zhao had a wry smile on his face. "You misunderstand, Miss Laura. That number can't be considered large, it's too small an amount. I want to know how many magic radishes all of your stores buys per month."



Laura froze for a moment, then her eyes flashed. "If we're talking about all the stores I run in the Purcell Duchy, then we buy about four hundred thousand catty of magic radishes per month. If you can provide magic radishes with the same high quality as this one, then I will pay sixty copper coins for each one. Are you satisfied with this, Mister Zhao?"



Zhao nodded. "I'm very satisfied with this deal. I can assure you, Miss Laura, that if you need four hundred thousand catty per month, I can fully supply that amount, and each of the magic radishes will be the same high quality. Just make sure you have the money when you pick them up."



Laura looked shocked as she quickly asked, "Are you kidding, Mister Zhao? Four hundred thousand catty per month is not a small number."



"Rest assured, Miss Laura. I told you that this will be a long-term cooperation. I would not lie to you," Zhao said. "Four hundred thousand catty per month. Pick them up and pay me according to the price you had mentioned."



Laura had a look of excitement. "It's a deal. Three days later, I will send someone to pick up your magic radishes and give you the money."



Zhao smiled. "Don't be in such a hurry. In fact, there is another type of business I want to do with you. Miss Laura, do you also sell fruit oil?"



Although Laura was surprised, she nodded her head. "This is natural. Fruit oil is the Continent's most common commodity. It's always in great demand. Although you can't get much money per catty, the profits are not small. Is Mister Zhao also selling fruit oil?"



Zhao shook his head. "Not yet. This time I just want to ask Miss Laura a favor. Once you take the magic radishes, can you use some of the money to get me an oil press? I have a large number of oil fruits, but I have not yet been able to press them into oil."



Laura and Kun saw a glimmer of understanding in each other's eyes. There were very little areas in the Continent that was dedicated to growing oil fruit trees. Most oil fruits were gathered from the wild, and that was because of an absence of good land, which were generally controlled by some small elites. As for the nobility, they would not go into this kind of business because they would earn too little.



Zhao now said that he had a lot of oil fruits. Was he a small elite? Ah, no, if he was just a small elite, then he wouldn't have any spatial items.



Looking at the two, Zhao asked, "Will this be difficult, Miss Laura?"



Laura was startled, but then she recovered. "No, there will be no difficulties. Just tell me, what kind of oil press do you require? Wind, water, or animal?"



Zhao was surprised for a moment. He really didn't think that there were so many kinds of oil press. "What's the difference?"



"There's a big difference for oil extraction, Mister Zhao. If you have a spacious place, then wind-powered is the best. If you are near a river, then water-powered is the best. If you have neither, then you can only use an animal-powered oil press."



Zhao nodded, then he thought about the Black Waste. It was a very open place, so a wind oil press would work. There was also the moat with flowing water, so a water oil press was okay as well. And an animal oil press was also not a problem. He had so many undead that would never get tired and could work like machines. Any of the three appeared to be good selections.



But after thinking about it, Zhao overruled both the wind and water oil press. The Black Waste wasn't safe. You'd never know when there would be an outbreak of spirit beasts from the carrion swamp. The Iron Mountain castle still had no defensive capabilities. Even if they built a wind or water powered press, it would just be destroyed.



Figuring this out, Zhao turned to Laura and asked, "You understand these three kinds of oil press better than I do. Is an animal-powered oil press easy to handle?"



Laura didn't say anything this time, and instead she looked at Kun. Obviously, he knew more about these kinds of things than her. "Out of the three, the best oil press is the one powered by water. Wind is almost as good. But the oil press powered by animals is the worst. That is because you can get large volumes of oil from a wind or water powered oil press, and only small volumes from an animal-powered one. However, they are more suitable for handling and transport," Kun politely said.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 121




Chapter 121





Chapter 121 - Cooperation (Part 3)





-This chapter was sponsored by Robert (US) and Anonymous. Thanks!!!





Zhao nodded. "Mister Kun, do you know how much oil I could get per day from an animal oil press?"



"Generally, this machine would produce about one jin of oil per day, but of course, you could only reach that yield if it works around the clock."



"This amount of oil is not low. Do you know the price of this kind of oil press?"



Right away, Kun said, "The price is not expensive. Only one hundred gold coins. Its main function is to press nut oil or fruit oil, so it’s very cheap. If it was too expensive, no one would buy it."



Zhao understood, then he turned to Laura and asked, "Miss Laura, when you pick up the magic radishes, please bring me five animal oil presses. Is this convenient?"



Laura nodded. "Yes, it won't be any trouble. Please rest assured, Mister Zhao. I will have five of these machines ready for you."



"Miss Laura is too kind. Just deduct the money from the magic radishes to buy the five oil presses," Zhao said. "Now that we are allies cooperating with each other, if I really have what it takes to help Miss Laura, then I will do it."



"Thank you, Mister Zhao. Please rest assured that after three days, I will ensure that there will be an on-time delivery."



Zhao smiled, then he turned to Green. "I suppose I should give Miss Laura a small gift. Go get some fire fish ready for her for when she leaves." Then he faced Laura again. "I see that you like fire fish. I don't have a lot, but I will give you several of them, Miss Laura. I hope you will take it."



Laura didn't want to put him off, even though a few fire fish was worth a lot of money. If she was too polite, then she would appear hypocritical. "Thank you, Mister Zhao. To be honest, I really do like eating fire fish. They are very delicious."



"You're welcome, Miss Laura." Zhao smiled, then he said, "Before you go, I do want to ask one more thing. Are you in the market for blue-eyed rabbits?"



Although Laura was surprised, she immediately remembered that some time ago, Zhao had bought three hundred blue-eyed rabbits. She couldn't help but frown. "I really have not done any business with blue-eyed rabbits, but I do have some contacts with several meat processing plants. I can ask for you, Mister Zhao."



Zhao nodded. "Sorry to trouble you, Miss Laura. I'm trying out a breeding program that would help me raise enough animals so that even ordinary people would be able to afford meat, such as blue-eyed rabbits, long-haired pigs, scaleless fish and the like. But for now, I only have blue-eyed rabbits, so that's what I want Miss Laura to focus on."



"That's not a problem. I'll immediately tell my contacts about it. It seems that Mister Zhao's operation contains a variety of things. The Markey Company will now have to increase their number of projects."



In the Ark Continent, there were a lot of meat processing plants. They would make things like cooked meats or canned foods. If it was some kind of special cooked meat, then only the nobles would be able to afford it. As for the canned goods, they were usually eaten by commoners, and a large amount of it was supplied to the army.



Laura had done some business with these meat processing plants. Her stores would sell canned foods and cooked meats, so naturally she would know some people from these plants.



"That would be best," Zhao said. "After you're able to sell a number of my goods, I'm sure there





will be more and more opportunities for us to cooperate."



Laura smiled. "That is certain, Mister Zhao. But I still have a question I want to ask you. Today, you invited us to eat, but can you tell me what were the ingredients in those dishes, because I have never seen them before."



Zhao knew why Laura asked that question. "Those are just some new varieties of magic vegetables. They are unique, and can only be found in other parts of the Continent. To be honest, in addition to being a mage, I also have a strong interest in studying various plants. Those vegetables were combined with some plants that could be found in the wild, and from my research I was able to create new varieties. However, their yields are too low, so there is no way for me to cooperate with Miss Laura in selling them."



Zhao was now misappropriating those vegetables from Earth. They had never been seen in the Continent before, so if he were to suddenly sell a large amount of them, it would be very difficult. Only after he established a stable income would Zhao slowly introduce these vegetables to everyone.



Laura nodded, but then she said, "Can you at least give me a small amount of those vegetables, Mister Zhao? I would like to taste them."



"That is no problem. Three days later, when you send someone here to pick up the magic radishes, I will have some of those vegetables ready for you."



Just then, Green came in from outside and bowed to Zhao. "Mister Zhao, the fire fish are ready. There's twenty of them."



Zhao just gently nodded his head, then he turned to Laura. "It's getting late. I will not hold you any longer, Miss Laura. Just remember what you promised in three days."



Laura and her group stood up. "Yes, it's a deal. Please rest assured, Mister Zhao."



Having finished their meeting, they walked outside. Zhao escorted Laura and the rest of her people as far as the manor's door, then Green, while riding Alien, led them down the mountain. Once Laura was gone, they returned to the living room.



Zhao soon removed his black mage outfit, and once Green came back, he also took off his helmet and threw it to the side. "Master, this time we were only able to sell a small amount of radishes to Laura. This will leave a great gap in our funding."



"Yes, I know, but now we can't rush. Once people know about the quality of our radishes, there will soon be more orders. There's no need to be anxious. For now, we still have over one thousand gold coins. Grandpa Green, take a trip to Casa city. First, I want you to buy some books about animals and plants on the Continent, second, buy some plants that might be useful, and third, pay attention to the slave trade. In the future, if we want to develop our clan, we're going to need a large number of slaves."



Green nodded, then he said, "Master, what about the mines in the Iron Mountain? Don't you think it's time we should raise some blue-eyed rabbits there?"



"You can, but I want to wait until after we get the oil press. Once we extract the fruit oil, we'll be able to give the blue-eyed rabbits something else to eat. Plus, I want Meirin to search the underground lake to check if there are any spirit beasts. If there are no spirit beasts, we can buy some scaleless fish to raise."



"Then, after the oil press is installed, I will go to Casa city," Green said.



Zhao nodded. "Okay. Today has been very productive. As long as we cooperate with Laura, we'll have a steady stream of income. Currently, our income might not be high, but it's enough for us to use. We don't need to be too assertive yet."



Green's eyes were shining as he nodded as well. "With the production of fruit oil and the meat from the spatial ranch, we will be able to increase our revenues. Then we can buy some more slaves for our clan and slowly develop."



"Ah, yes, but we can't be anxious about it. If we move too fast, there will just be flaws, which will just bring more trouble. In fact, our biggest problem isn't how fast the clan develops, it's the carrion swamp. That matter has not yet been resolved. I will have to check on Drunk's progress soon."



Green didn't speak because he knew that Zhao was right. If the problem with the carrion swamp had not yet been resolved, then an outbreak of spirit beasts would ruin everything.



Although Zhao had the space, there was a limit. Right now the ranch could only raise a maximum of one thousand animals and the farm only had a little over ten acres of land. This wasn't a problem for growing enough radishes and oil fruits, but it would make it more troublesome to grow other crops.



In the future, they would have to focus on developing outside the space. But with the threat from the carrion swamp, that would be difficult.





Translator Notes: This chapter is to make up for the one I missed on Saturday, 5/28



Translator Notes #2: I'm guessing the canned foods is something like spam.



Translator Notes #3: Did you notice that Zhao didn't gush about the fact that Laura looks like Taylor Swift in this second meeting? I wished he did. It would have made it funnier to imagine selling radishes to Taylor Swift.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 122




Chapter 122



Chapter 122 - Unfathomable



Laura, Kun, and Nier were sitting in the carriage as they went down Stony Mountain. They weren't talking.



A moment later, Laura opened the window and saw Sergio who was riding next to the carriage. "Sergio, have you eaten yet?"



Sergio was surprised, not knowing what Laura meant. Although he was her chief guard, Laura had never before cared about whether or not he had eaten. But since she asked, he immediately nodded. "Yes, Miss, back there."



"What did you eat?"



Again, Sergio couldn't help but feel surprised. "Mister Zhao ordered the undead to send us food. There was pie, rabbits, and some vegetables I had never seen before."



"How did it taste?"



"It tasted good. There were a lot of meat and vegetables. The magic in the vegetables were very strong. As for the dish with the magic radishes, its magic was several times stronger than the ones we sell in our store."



Laura nodded, then she left the window and looked towards Kun. "Grandpa Kun, what do you think?"



"It's unfathomable. Zhao must be someone with a lot of influence. He's probably the spokesman for the big force that's supporting him. But what's strange is that the large forces in the Continent usually have their own distribution network. So why did they specifically come to us?" Kun shook his head, but then he answered his own question, "No, although we have some enemies from the heirs in our clan, we can't be considered Zhao's real enemy. After all, our strength is too small. Compared to the entire Markey clan, we can't be regarded as a threat. That must have been within their calculations. Since Zhao is able to raise so much fire fish, he must have wanted to work with someone that wouldn't take that much effort to destroy, in case they might become an enemy that would covet what he has."



Laura nodded. "Ah, yes, from Zhao's words, you could tell that his territory isn’t small since it could produce so many things, like oil and fire fish. I can't really think of a place in the Continent that could raise that much fire fish. Even if there was such a territory that could do that, why would Zhao want to cooperate with us?"



Kun was frowning. “I really can not say. He said that he was researching plants, which doesn't seem fake. If he wasn't studying plants, then it would be impossible for him to come up with magic radish seeds of that quality, and vegetables that I had never seen before. Did you notice it when we ate today? Even his servants were eating the fire fish. Apparently, in their eyes, fire fish aren't rare. The only ordinary thing there was the meat from the blue-eyed rabbits, which he had bought from Casa city."



Again, Laura nodded. "When I said that he would become an ally of the Markey clan, he was unwilling, and that he would only form an alliance with us. That's not the only thing that's strange. Supposedly, if there was a black mage that powerful, he should have been well-known among the important figures in the Continent, yet I had never heard of him before. Oddly enough, at his side he has a high level warrior, a maid that is also a mage that is not of a low level, and a very powerful undead light mage. This man has too many secrets, right?"



“Indeed, there must be a reason why Zhao has an eighth level warrior by his side. If I fought against him one on one, I'm afraid I can't tell if I would win or lose. Not only that, his maid is at least a sixth level mage, and at such a young age. She definitely has a lot of magical potential. Even his cook is a high level mage. With those types of servants, and the power to summon more than a thousand unde





ad, Zhao's strength certainly is not small," Kun said.



"Anyway, it now appears that Zhao doesn't mean to do anything with us other than conduct business. If he really can provide such high quality magic radishes, then that's very good for us, just as long as we are careful. After all, we don't want him as enemy. We need a powerful ally."



Kun nodded. "Yes, we have to be careful. I suspect that Zhao has a shady identity. He isn't just a simple black mage. Even when he eats, he wouldn't lift up his veil. It must be because he's afraid of his face being seen."



Laura smiled slightly. "But whatever his true identity is, it doesn't matter, just as long as there is no hostility."



"Miss is right. No matter who he is, as long as he isn't hostile to us, we can cooperate with him. But we must still pay attention to this man. Getting so many fire fish to Stony Mountain is not an easy task, yet he was able to do it so that those who were watching him were totally unaware. This in itself showed his strength since he was able to get a spatial item. Not only that, but he also clearly knew our whereabouts. It seems that he could be arranging for someone to watch us, making sure that we don't leak anything. We must be careful."



"Don't worry, Grandpa Kun. I know what I'm doing. As long as we don't try to fight him, he will maintain his cooperation with us. It'll be fine. You might not see it, but Mister Zhao is a good man."



Kun started smiling. "Is that so? Oh, I think that he took a fancy to you, Miss, otherwise why would he want to cooperate with us?"



Laura blushed. "What nonsense are you speaking, Grandpa Kun?"



Kun couldn't help but laugh, which made Laura's face turn even more red. Laura had a good impression of Zhao. After all, he was kind enough to help her, yet he was also so mysterious. In addition to feeling gratitude, Laura also felt a hint of curiosity. When a woman was curious about a man, it wouldn't be long until her heart falls.



Laura had made up her mind to keep up their cooperation with Zhao. The strength he had exhibited was not weak, and was comparable to a large clan. That was why she dared to cooperate with him.



At this time, Zhao was preparing a few large empty rooms in the castle to later put in the oil presses. Also, the mines were getting tidied up to get ready for the blue-eyed rabbits, and Meirin was looking if there were any water spirit beasts in the underground lake.



The reason why Zhao didn't order this to be done before was because he had almost no money, but now he had forged an alliance with Laura and was about to get some funding three days later. Although it wasn't as much as he would like, it could still be considered a stable income, and he believed that later this income would just grow more and more.



When they had returned to Iron Mountain in the afternoon, they could see that the slaves hadn't been idle. The castle was slowly getting repaired, while the female slaves were planting alfalfa seeds and oil fruit trees throughout the mountain. Of course, they couldn't finish in such a short time because they also had to do some weeding.



The moment Zhao came back, he immediately arranged for someone to clean the large rooms outside the main parts of the castle. These rooms were like warehouses used for storage. For a long time, no one had lived in them, but now they were getting them ready to put in the oil presses.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 123




Chapter 123



Chapter 123 - Crystal Horn Worms





Zhao found that preparing a place to extract oil wasn't as simple as he thought. It wasn't just installing an oil press, there were also other different steps to take.



First, he needed a place to wash the oil fruits. You must get the oil fruits clean, otherwise the peeled fruits would only produce crude oil, affecting its overall quality. Second, keeping the oil press running required manpower, and in this case he would instead use his undead. And third, he needed to prepare a container, like a barrel or a metal drum. After all, they couldn't just allow the oil to drip on the ground.



The amount of oil he was planning to make was not a small number, so he would need to to prepare a lot of these containers. However, Zhao simply didn't have any carpenters to make the casks for the barrels, nor did he have the money to buy the metal drums because the price was too high.



Thus, without enough money, Zhao didn't know what to do. Even if he wanted to hurry their development, it would be impossible.



Now Zhao's only recourse was to wait until after they get their oil presses, then he would look around Casa city to see how much barrels cost, and then buy some.



Although he currently had funding problems, that didn't stop him from organizing the large rooms to get ready for the arrival of the oil presses.



After ordering the slaves to clean the rooms, Zhao and Meirin left the castle to go to the underground lake. Although there were no fish in the lake, probably because of the toxins from the creatures of the carrion swamp, that didn't rule out that there wasn't a powerful water spirit beast. If they started raising scaleless fish in the lake, that would be the same as feeding that spirit beast, so for extra insurance, Zhao decided to bring Meirin to the lake to determine that there were absolutely no spirit beasts.



Meg and Green were also following along. If they did find a strong water spirit beast in the underground lake, then their help might be needed to deal with it.



Although they had previously checked the lake, this time they were going to be more careful.



Fortunately, there seemed to be no water spirit beasts in the lake. It appeared that the toxins from the undead spirit beasts were too strong, now there was no life in the underground lake.



However, Zhao still worried, so he sent one of his undead down there to check out the lake himself. Soon he received news from his undead. It had found an inlet that was blocked. This inlet was supposed to be a hole dug by the dwarves so that a source of water could flow in to fill this underground lake, but now something was blocking it. He had to see it for himself, so Zhao opened up a screen, allowing him to see what his undead was seeing.



Looking around underwater, he found some kind of coral-like thing.



Zhao was surprised by this. He didn't understand why something like coral would be in this lake. He remembered that this stuff would generally be found in the sea, so why was it in this place?



Unfortunately, the inlet was too far away to see it clearly, so Zhao directed the undead to get closer to it. Meirin was also watching the screen along with Zhao, and when the undead got close enough, they saw how huge the inlet was. It was ten meters high and twenty meters wide, and it was completely blocked by this false coral-like thing, which looked like it was made from blue crystals. It was very beautiful.



When Meirin saw it, she understood. "It turns out to be crystal horn worms. Only this thing could fool my search and survive in this place."



Zhao looked puzzled. "Grandma Meirin, what are crystal horn worms?"



Meirin smiled. "Crystal horn worms are





very special aquatic organisms. Individually, they are so small that magical detection simply can not find them. No one knows how they can survive in water, all they know is that they secrete some kind of magic crystal. These crystals are so hard that it would be difficult for fifth level warriors to cut it with a sword. As for these insects themselves, they have no attack power, yet they can survive in any water environment up to a certain depth. Also, they're not afraid of poison. There are some alchemists that would try to collect these insects to make antidotes."



When he heard what Meirin said, Zhao thought that not only did these crystal horn worms evolve to survive in any water environment, they were also unafraid of poison. No wonder they were still alive in this underground lake.



Looking at this coral blocking any water from escaping, Zhao couldn't help but nod his head. "This is good. It'll save us a lot of trouble when he put in some fish."



Meirin smiled. "Not only that, but these crystals secreted by the crystal horn worms also have other uses. Aristocratic families generally like this stuff because of how beautiful they are, and when you place them in a room, they can usually prevent magical poison attacks. Even if someone wanted to poison you, this crystal has a feature that could warn you if there are any toxins within a five meter range. A lot of noble clans will pay a high price for these crystals. We have so many in this lake that if Master wants to sell them, we can make a lot of money."



"Well, let them stay in the lake for now. It's not like they can run away," Zhao said.



Meirin gave no opinion about the matter. That was because she knew there was an advantage of keeping the crystal horn worms in the lake. If they were to add in some fish, the fish would rarely get sick and would have a high survival rate. But there was no need to tell Zhao this because he had the space, which would already give the fish a one hundred percent survival rate.



Since Zhao decided to not dig out these crystals, this was also good. After all, they were planning to raise fish at a large scale, which would have been impossible in Zhao's space. Only this lake would be able to fit all of them.



Once they were done, Zhao felt relieved because now he knew they could start raising scaleless fish without any trouble.



Back at the castle, Zhao and Green looked over several of the large warehouses where they were going to install the oil presses. Seeing as they were all clean and ready, it was time to return to Stony Mountain.



For the next three days, Zhao had been waiting in the manor for Laura to send someone to pick up the magic radishes. In this time, he was able to grow and harvest nine batches of radishes and two batches of oil fruits.



In addition, Zhao now had one thousand mature rabbits and seven thousand rabbit cubs. As for the scaled wildebeests, he stored them away because he was now focusing on only raising the blue-eyed rabbits. That was because the meat from these wildebeests were rough and tasteless. They were only good as pack animals.



Also in this three day period, Zhao had made some good progress with the land transformation in the valley of Iron Mountain. Someday, he might send some slaves there to build a small village so that they could be relatively independent.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 124




Chapter 124

Tuesday, June 7, 2016



Bringing the Farm... - Chap 124



Chapter 124 - Oil Press



In addition to the space, the valley in Iron Mountain could also be used as a rear base.



The land there was very stable, and was surrounded by cliffs that could block the wind. Plus, finding water wasn't very difficult. It was very convenient, and was suitable for human habitation.



Zhao believed that in the future he would have more and more people. As long as he had the strength, he could build a small duchy in the Black Waste. Naturally, the people who came here would want to establish and live in their own villages.



Of course, right now Zhao didn't have the strength to do that. The village he was planning to build in the valley was going to be a prototype to see what issues needed improving. This would help him build bigger villages later.



But the land improvement in the valley had not been completed yet. It was not the time to establish a village. For now, it was just an idea.



Three days quickly passed. They were just waiting for Laura to send the oil presses, then Green could go to Casa city.



At noon on the third day, people from the Markey clan arrived at the foot of Stony Mountain. This time Laura didn't come with them. Green came forward with five carriages full of magic radishes in exchange for the oil presses that Laura's people had brought.



In addition to the five oil presses, Green was also given two hundred gold coins and a book. This book was an encyclopedia of animals and plants on the Continent that was written by a refining pharmacist. It was Laura's gift to Zhao.



Last time they met, Zhao said that he was researching plants and he was preparing to open a ranch. Laura didn't want to lose this opportunity, so she bought him a book, to solidify her alliance with Zhao.



These kinds of books were rare on the Continent. Whenever a refining pharmacist wrote a book, it would often take him twenty years. He would collect a lot of plants and animals on the Continent, then he would visit a lot of other refining pharmacists and alchemists and learn from them, and then he would research it all. And finally, he would write the book.



Because this book wasn't about magic, not many of it were published. Generally, only refining pharmacists or alchemists would read it.



As well as the magic radishes, Zhao was also giving Laura one hundred and ten fire fish. This was Zhao's gift to her.



The oil presses were exchanged for the magic radishes. It was a good thing that the five carriages were able to hold the five oil presses, allowing Green to pull them up the mountain. Once he was up there, Green didn't unload the carriages, and instead Zhao brought them into the space.



Beyond Zhao's expectations, there was also a manual telling you how to arrange the oil presses. He felt very puzzled by this because he understood the situation of the Ark Continent. That is to say, their science was mostly focused on things like mixing drugs in alchemy. They weren't exactly a civilization that had a lot of machine technology. Yet the design of the oil press was very precise.



The oil presses went directly to the Iron Mountain castle where they were packed into the warehouses.



They were very well designed. The oil presses were three meters high, with a drum container at the top where you would feed in the oil fruits, a disc in the middle with long poles sticking out that could be pulled by spirit beasts, and a pipe at the bottom which would be the outlet for the oil.



It all looked simple, but with a machine that had the size of twenty square meters overall, it wasn't exactly small. Good thing it could be dismantled into several parts, otherwise they





wouldn't have been able to fit inside the carriages.



Zhao saw how high the feed container was off the ground. If you wanted to feed it with oil fruits, there were only two ways. The first way was to form boards into a slope shape to give the feed container a better opening to catch whatever you put in. The other way was to use a conveyor belt.



The conveyor belt method was the easier way. You just load the belt with oil fruits and they would automatically go through the opening of the container. The oil press didn't have a conveyor belt design, so Zhao feared that there was no such thing on the Continent.



The board method was what was widely used on the Continent. People would just dig a pit in the ground and then they would put the oil press in that pit, so then the feed container would be closer to the ground. Any oil that was extracted would be brought up in barrels. Zhao didn't want to use this method because it wasn't an easy task to dig around here. The ground in the castle was all made up of stone.



Zhao still wanted to use the conveyor belt method because it wouldn't be difficult to do. It just needed some renovations. Fortunately, the whole press was made of metal, so to change it they just needed some metal parts.



But the next question was where would Zhao get a blacksmith? If he really wanted a conveyor belt, he would need a blacksmith to do the job, and his skills couldn’t be too weak.



Zhao wanted to ask Green if he knew. In the Continent, there were a lot of machines built by blacksmiths, and some of them were powered by magic crystals. But since the oil press was just a simple machine that squeezed out fruit oil, it wasn't worthy of using magic crystals as a power source because it wasn't worth the money. So simple machines like the oil press were generally designed to be powered by water, wind, or animals.



Since there was no way to build the conveyor belt, they could only use the board method. They didn't lack any boards, but Green still needed to go buy some barrels.



Green was aware of their situation, so he immediately set off to Casa city, while Zhao got some boards from the castle. They were also getting ready to wash the oil fruits. Fortunately, water was conveniently nearby, just outside the castle. Zhao told Ann to build a stone basin where water would keep flowing in, allowing them to wash the little hairs off the oil fruits. These little hairs, which could also become food for the fish, would flow out into the moat.



Once the oil fruits were washed, they would be transported back inside the castle, ready to be pressed.



Zhao calculated that to work the press, including cleaning the oil fruits, he would need a minimum of four people. Since there were five oil presses, twenty people were needed.



Zhao had no lack of manpower, but he didn't want any of the slaves to do the work. That was because he wanted the oil presses to keep running twenty-four hours a day, which would require at least three shifts. If he were to use the slaves, that would mean he would have to use sixty people in order to maintain normal operations. But since Zhao only had one hundred slaves, a reduction of sixty of them just to run the oil press was clearly impossible. So he decided to use his undead to run the oil press.



Twenty people were needed to feed the oil fruits to the oil press, but he also needed some animal power to pull the poles to extract the oil. Zhao was thinking of using the scaled wildebeests.



Zhao wanted to use the scaled wildebeests because his undead were not suitable for the pulling part of this job. Their driving force wasn't the same since some of his undead, like Alien, were a different size and shape to some of his other undead, like the rat-like undead. There was no way for them to do the pulling on the oil press in a stable way.



As for his scaled wildebeests, although they weren't much, they were good enough for the job. Zhao's intention was to turn them into undead, and thus the problem was solved.



Now everything was almost ready. They just had to wait for Green to come back to buy the rest of the things they needed.



Starting a pressing factory wasn't a trivial matter. As long as they could make some oil, they would have another source of income, which for the Buda clan was really important.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 125




Chapter 125

Tuesday, June 7, 2016



Bringing the Farm... - Chap 125



Chapter 125 - Opportunity



With a worried look, Laura was standing outside Casa city's most famous commodity store. Not only was this large store run by Laura, it was also the Markey clan's branch headquarters in the Purcell Duchy.



Today, the reason why she was standing outside, and not sitting inside like she did usually, was because she was waiting for the convoy to return from Stony Mountain. Although this time she hadn't purchased much, only one jin of magic radishes, this purchase called for all of her attention.



In addition to the fact that this was the first time she was collaborating with Zhao, it was very important that she checked the quality of the radishes. Although radishes could be regarded as a low-end consumer good, if many of the radishes were of high quality, it could have a very large impact on her business.



It was like if two food stores were selling radishes, the first one would sell big radishes at a price that wasn't expensive, while the second one would sell radishes that were not as good at the same price. Certainly, you wouldn't go to a store just to buy radishes, you would also buy other vegetables as well. So naturally, the customers would only do business with the first store because they were selling the highest quality radish at a decent price.



Although Zhao had assured Laura that all the radishes he produced were of the same high quality, she still didn't believe him. If you do business, you should always keep the mentality that you would be cheated a few times.



Kun was also standing outside the store. Normally, Laura and Kun wouldn't care about such a low amount of goods, but this time was different. This cooperation could rise or fall from this first purchase.



Just then, a small team of people could be seen from far away. They had a banner with the Bana symbol on it, letting everyone know that they belonged to the Markey Company.



When Laura saw this convoy return, she immediately went to the store's backyard. After all, when a team comes back with goods, they would directly go to the back where the warehouse was and place the goods there.



Kun followed behind Laura. They really wanted to know if the radishes Zhao sent were as good as the one he showed them on Stony Mountain.



The team quickly went into the backyard, which was large and had a lot of room. There were isolated places where they could put their horses and carts, while the rest of the area was taken up by a warehouse, a place to live, and an office.



It was Sean who led this team. Originally he was a porter captain, but he had gotten a promotion. He was now a team captain that was responsible for their transactions with Zhao.



Three days ago, Laura had told him to buy five oil presses for Zhao, which was something that didn't cost much. In Casa city, there were too many places that sold it. After Laura told him to make this purchase, she then started cleaning up her stores.



That was to say, Laura was cleaning out everyone who wasn't loyal to her. This was something she had been meaning to do ever since she had been attacked during her trip to Montenegro Fortress. But no one was prepared for how fast she was doing it, so they weren't ready to fight back. She was doing this right now because of her alliance with Zhao. If Zhao found out that her control of her stores was unstable, it may affect his cooperation with her. So Laura used these three days to clear out members of the Markey clan who weren't loyal to her, and put her most trusted men in important positions.



Sean has always been loyal to Laura, plus he has had some contact with Zhao's people. That was why Laura promoted him to team capta





in. Although a team captain was similar to a porter captain, he now got better treatment.



Sean knew that Laura took her cooperation with Zhao very seriously, but he didn't think she would take it seriously to such a degree, and even personally wait for them to arrive.



Sean immediately walked up to Laura and said, "Miss, here are the magic radishes you ordered."



Laura just gently nodded her head, then she quickly went to the carriages. The carriages were just wooden trunks that were more than a meter high, allowing it to hold many things. It was covered by a coarse rope in the form of a cage.



Sean loosened the rope, allowing Laura to look into the trunk. The insides of the trunk had a layer or weeds, on top of which were the white magic radishes. Reaching inside, Laura took out a radish.



This radish was no different than the one she saw in the manor. It was the same size, and had the same smooth skin that was both tender and moist. She could see that it was a top quality radish.



Laura then picked up another radish. It looked exactly the same. Even their weight was equal.



She turned to Sean and asked, "Are of these magic radishes the same quality?"



Sean quickly nodded. "Yes, all the magic radishes are of the same quality and they even weigh the same. After so many years, these are the best magic radishes I have ever seen."



Laura and Kun saw the shocked look on each other's faces. They knew that magic radishes weren't a precious commodity. It was precisely because of this that the requirements for the quality of magic radishes weren't particularly strict. Some magic radish growers wouldn't take out any of the bad magic radishes when they sold them to Laura. The result of this was that, unlike the big magic radishes, the bad ones would be sold at low prices. A lot of well-paid commoners would buy these low quality magic radishes to eat.



All of the magic radishes that Zhao gave them were actually quite good. There was only one explanation for this: Zhao would take out all the bad magic radishes before he sold them, but why would he do that? Doing so would make him lose a lot of profits. Or did he grow all of these magic radishes at the same high quality? Ah, but that can't be. Even for someone who studied plants, it would be impossible for them to guarantee that everything they grew would come out the same.



Laura really wanted to make Zhao tell her how he did this. But she would never know about Zhao's space, which would produce things based on data, like carving something out of a mold. The space didn't behave like an ordinary piece of land.



Laura placed the white magic radishes she was holding back into the carriage, then she turned to Sean. "For now, put these magic radishes into storage. They will go on the shelves tomorrow."



Sean saluted, then he immediately directed people to start unloading, while Kun and Laura went into the office in the backyard.



"What do you think, Grandpa Kun?" Laura asked.



"It seems that Zhao is cooperating with us because he has faith in us," Kun said after he sat down. "The force behind him must have a good quality piece of land. This land is not small, otherwise it wouldn't be able to produce so much high quality magic radishes."



Laura frowned. "But even with good land that could make high quality magic radishes, if you take out all the bad ones, wouldn't your losses be too big?"



Kun gave a slight chuckle. "That's why I said Zhao must have a lot of faith in us. It seems that he wants to create a brand. He's taking out all the bad magic radishes and only sending us the good ones to sell. Slowly, people will begin to recognize this brand of magic radish, and then the business will grow."



Because of Kun's words, Laura couldn't help but feel surprised for a moment, then her eyes brightened. "So if we can work together for a long time as he would give us large quantities of high quality magic radishes, then we would start to build a reputation on this Continent."



"That is so. For us, this is definitely an opportunity. If Zhao really could provide us with large quantities of magic radishes, then it wouldn't take long before the entire commodity market in the Purcell Duchy is ours."



Laura excitedly stood up. Although they were doing good business here, there were also other companies that had branches in the Purcell Duchy. The competition between them was very intense. Up til now, they would only tie with the other large companies. If she wanted to suppress them, it would be impossible.



But now there was an opportunity in front of Laura. As long as she seized it, she would have control of the entire commodity market in the Purcell Duchy.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 126




Chapter 126

Bringing the Farm... - Chap 126



Chapter 126 - Magical



Julie was a commoner that lived in Casa city. She was born from a poor family, she had never attended school, and she would later marry a carpenter.



Her husband was a good carpenter and she had given birth to two children. Life was very good. From time to time, they were even able to afford magic vegetables.



Julie's home wasn't far from the Markey merchandise store. Generally, she would go there to buy things because it had a good reputation and their prices weren't high.



Today, Julie went to the Markey store to buy some daily necessities because her husband had just made a business deal, earning them five gold. She thought about buying a magic radish that she could prepare at home for them to eat.



The reason she was going to buy a magic radish was because of her two children. They were now going to school at the east district's Casa Magic Academy, and their results were very good. Listening to the school's teacher, she knew that if her children were to eat more magic vegetables, they would be more likely to become mages.



Parents wanted their children to amount to something, so Julie and her husband would simply eat less just so that their children could eat a magic vegetable every week. For the average commoner, this was already a very good amount.



Julie felt surprised the moment she entered the Markey store because of the magic radishes she saw in the vegetable area. Magic radishes were certainly something she recognized because it was often times the only magic vegetable she could afford.



The reason Julie was in a daze was because these magic radishes didn't look the same as the ones she had bought before, which were short and had a bizarre shape. These magic radishes were long and plump, round and straight. Looking at it, you couldn't help but want to take a bite.



The moment Julie walked over, one of the employees immediately went up to her and smiled. "Hello, this is our store's newest magic radish. It is very high quality, better than any others on the Continent."



When Julie saw the magic radishes, although she was somewhat reluctant, she still wanted to buy a little. But these magic radishes looked like they weighed a minimum of two pounds, which would make them cost twenty three silver coins. To be honest, she could barely bear to spend that much money.



However, because of what the employee said, Julie picked up one magic radish. "I guess I can buy one to taste it."



The employee immediately smiled. After telling her that the radish actually weighed a little more than three pounds, Julie paid the money and then brought the magic radish back home.



At lunch time, Julie used half the magic radish to make a soup. Her eldest son, a twelve year old, was officially starting to learn magic. The sooner he could master meditation and feel the power of magic, the greater his achievements in the future would be. It was precisely because of this that Julie and her husband insisted that their children eat a magic vegetable at least once a week.



It was a simple meal of bread and magic radish soup, which showed that they were doing living a good life. You should know that many commoners in Casa city would only eat two meals a day, and those meals would generally only consist of staple foods, like bamboo rice.



Julie's husband, Rolle, saw the magic radish soup on the table. "You bought magic radishes today?"



"I got some at the Markey store. They say it's the best magic radish in the Continent."



Rolle didn't say anything else as he sat down and ate. Their eldest and youngest son, Rory and Ross, also came in and took a sip of the soup.



Ju





st drinking the soup made Rory feel surprised. "Mom, today's soup tastes great!"



Ross nodded, agreeing.



Julie smiled at her two sons, her heart full of joy. Then Rolle drank the soup, and he was also shocked. He turned to Julie and said, "Today's soup really does taste great!"



Julie froze for a moment, then she reached down and also drank a mouthful of soup. Yes indeed, it tasted better than any she had before. Not only did the soup taste good, she also felt some heat running through her body after drinking it.



She was very puzzled as everyone finished the meal. Afterwards, Julie cleared the table while her son Rory went to his room to meditate. Rory was a sensible boy. He knew that his parents didn't have it easy, so he wanted to learn magic as soon as possible. One day, he would become a mage and give his parents a better life.



Today, just as he began to meditate, Rory felt very different. He found himself feeling traces of energy all around him. It was like being in a strange new world where he was surrounded by small colored dots of light. Trying to feel this light, he didn't expect that they would suddenly start pouring into his body.



Rory awakened. He wasn't that old, but he had been learning magic theory at his school for a few years. More recently, his teacher had started teaching him meditation, and what it would feel like when he successfully meditated.



Rory excitedly jumped up and ran out of the house, shouting "Mom, I can meditate! I can meditate!"



This alerted Rolle and Julie. They both ran out of the house and gave a look of surprise at Rory. "Son, what did you say? Did you really learn meditation?" Julie asked.



Rory excitedly nodded his head up and down. "Yes, I finally meditation. I can feel the magical elements, just like teacher said."



Julie and Rolle began to feel excited, but they also felt that something was strange.



They didn't understand how Rory could suddenly learn how to meditate so fast. He had just started learning meditation ten days ago. His teacher had told them that although their son was a talented child, because he hadn't eaten a lot of magic vegetables, it would take at least one month before he could feel the magic elements.



It was because of this that Julie and Rolle felt strange. Suddenly, Julie thought of the magic radish that she had bought. With this thought, she immediately ran into the kitchen and cut a piece of magic radish, then she ran back out and handed it to Rory. "Son, eat this piece of magic radish and see what it feels like."



Rolle saw what Julie did, then he understood. He stood there motionlessly as he stared at his son. As for Rory, he didn't quite understand, but he was obedient as he ate that piece of magic radish.



After eating it, Rory felt some heat running through his body. His mind had never been this awake before as he immediately ran to his room and sat down, cross-legged.



Julie and Rolle also went to Rory's room, where they saw how fast he was entering meditation. Because of that, they then simultaneously ran straight towards the Markey store.



Similar situations were occuring throughout Casa city, whether they were commoners or the small elite. Their children had good magic talent, but because they weren't as rich as those great nobles that could eat magic vegetables like snacks, it would take their children awhile to feel the magic elements.



Zhao's magic radish had several times more magic elements than the other more common magic radishes, maybe even ten times more. It was almost like a pill that would stimulate their children's magic talent, allowing them to feel the magic elements at a greatly accelerated speed. Even if the parents didn't understand magic, they could see that it had something to do with that magic radish, so they all immediately rushed to the Markey store to buy more magic radishes.



In the morning, Laura was able to sell two thousand catty of Zhao's magic radishes, but immediately after lunch, they were sold out.



Seeing all of those people in her store, Laura felt surprised. She had thought that it would take three to five days to sell one jin of magic radishes, so she didn't expect that they would be sold out in less than a day. Those magic radishes were now their biggest sellers.



Laura quickly asked what was happening, and she found out that a lot of children in Casa city had finally successfully meditated after eating those magic radishes. She felt her head go thud.



Naturally, she believed that it wasn't possible to master meditation just because of eating a magic radish, but it must have played a huge part, otherwise how could all of those children suddenly learn how to meditate.



But whether it was true or not, as long as the word got out, this would only increase the Markey store's reputation. Even those who were just curious would certainly come to the store to buy something.





Translator Notes: This chapter is to make up for the one I missed on Sunday, 6/5



Translator Notes #2: I'm not sure, but I think the word "meditation" can be replaced with "cultivation", but I decided to keep it as meditation for now because that's what this chapter says.



Translator Notes #3: I don't know about you, but I find it strange whenever someone runs out of the house in excitement. That's never happened to me when I get a high score playing Angry Birds.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 127




Chapter 127

chapter 127

Laura wasn’t sure if bringing in all these radishes was a good thing, but all of Zhao Hai’s radishes were sold out! As soon as people heard of these radishes, they rushed to the store and news of their effect became widespread.

With the demand rising and all the customers crowding the counter, Laura became worried about accidents happening.

Laura ordered the sales clerk to announce that the special magic radishes are currently sold out and they will have to wait for the restock of their inventory. After giving the order, Laura immediately went towards Kun’s study to report this matter. After listening, Kun turned towards Laura,

“Young miss, I think we should meet with Mr. Zhao Hai right away. We should ask how much of these magic radishes he can provide each month and if he could support this kind of demand, we need to increase our scale of cooperation with him right away. What do you think?”

Laura nodded, “Good, we will go to Stony Mountain early tomorrow to see Mr. Zhao Hai. Grandfather Kun, could these magic radishes really have such an effect? How could so many children suddenly be able to sense the magic element after eating some magic radish?”

Kun forced a smile at Laura, “My little Laura, not everyone can eat magic vegetables from childhood to adulthood like you. The common people cannot eat several magic vegetables all year round. The possibly of magic talent could be very high among them but because they cannot eat magic vegetables to help sense magic in the first place, further study of magic and and cultivation of Battle Qi becomes greatly stunted compared with children of noble birth. These Magic Radishes from Mr. Zhao Hai, the magic concentration is very high. People who have regularly eaten magic vegetables may not feel as great of an effect but those who have not had much magic vegetables in the past will feel these effects intensely. It’s like a person who does not take supplements suddenly feeling the boost from a high quality pill. Although, the ones who take supplements regularly would just feel like he’s taking ordinary medicine.”

Laura nodded, this was indeed the case. When she ate Zhao Hai’s Magic Radish, Laura just felt that the Magic Radish was delicious. Although she noticed the magic element within was stronger than ordinary Magic Radish, she only compared it with other high-grade magic vegetables, the magic element in this type of Magic Radish is didn’t seem that special to her. However she had forgotten, not everyone in this world is able to grow up eating magic vegetables like her. After all, some commoners would not eat a single magic vegetable their entire lives.

Kun looked at Laura then said, “We must join hands with Mr. Zhao Hai and his organization as soon as possible. There is also a chance that Mr Zhou Hai will some great potential in the future.”

Laura gave Kun a puzzled look, “Grandfather Kun, what do you mean by that?”

Kun looked at Laura and couldn’t help but sigh in his heart. Laura was too young. Although intelligent, she didn’t think through matters long term. He explained, “Although I have only met Zhao Hai once, I noticed some things. The extent of Zhao Hai’s territory is yet unknown, but the fertility of the land is very high and can produce high quality magic vegetables. It is possible Zhao Hai offended someone, therefore he is unable to reveal his identity. He is avoiding dealing directly with large businesses therefore he came to us. Because of his connection with you, he has more trust in us as compared with a larger business.”

Laura smiled and nodded, “Yes, I also think if Zhao Hai had not offended this ‘someone’ he would not have a reason to work with us.”

Kun nodded, “Zhao Hai can be said as to be a very intelligent pe





rson. He knew that working with us and guaranteeing the quality of the cargo would double as advertisement. Therefore he gave us the best Magic Radishes. But little Laura, you must also pay attention to this point. He supplied us with all these high quality magic radishes but has not worked with anyone else. If he has not worked with others so far, that means these vegetables were not sold and only eaten.”

Laura smiled and remained still as she seemed to understand a little.

Kun looked at the Laura’s reaction and showed a faint smile, “If a person eats these magic vegetables himself, then his body will be different compared with the average person. Although Zhao Hai’s subordinate were not many, if he has enough extra magic radishes, his subordinates can eat these magic vegetables. Currently on continent, do you think there are private soldiers who can eat magic vegetables like this? No, there aren’t any. Even among the big aristocrats, only the sharpest of their private soldiers can eat magic vegetables. If Zhao Hai’s soldiers have such treatment, what does his future hold?”

Although Kun’s analysis wasn’t entirely accurate, as it was impossible to know of the existence of “space,” he was actually spot on with what Zhao Hai was planning on doing. Zhao Hai wants to let all his subordinates eat the vegetables and meat that his space will produce and improve their physique.

Laura had a shining look in her eyes, “Grandfather Kun, you mean, Mr. Zhao Hai will become more and more formidable? If it really is as such, this may become an advantage for us.”

Kun said with a smile, “We are merchants, merchants are not aristocrats and cannot butt into their affairs, but it doesn’t mean we merchants can’t invest in these aristocrats. When presented with an aristocrat worth investing, we must invest in him. The day when he rises, we also will rise with him. This is the highest boundary of a merchant.”

Laura nodded, “Grandfather Kun thinks that Mr. Zhao Hai is such a person who is worth investing in? Should we give Mr. Zhao Hai benefits and preferential treatment? Perhaps give him subsidization?”

Kun shook the head, “Do not do such things. Although we have sole contact with Mr. Zhao Hai, he is a self-respecting and very strong person, in other words, he is likely very arrogant, he will not like us providing subsidization as if we are giving him handouts. If we do such a thing, it would only make him feel repulsive towards us. Right now, we must work with him like a normal partner. This would be the most helpful. But if he were to request assistance, let us then assist in his matters. We must manage ourselves attractively. For instance, looking for meat processing factories. I think this matter should be put on our agenda.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 128




Chapter 128

chapter 128

Zhao didn’t know about the caravan sent by Laura on the second day, so he had Green rush to Casa City with 1000g, unlike last time Green wasn’t suspicious, he was riding a scaled wildebeest.

Anyone who stared at the road leading to “Stony Mountain” will be surprised, because of Green’s mount, most people would ride at least a second-level or above magic beast, for example a flame horse or a wind-chasing-horse and so on. The Scaled Wildebeest is the continent most commonly used domestic animal among common people and even low aristocrats, but not adequate for riding since it’s just slow.

However, the army use it for all practical purposes, even though it can’t be used in war but it’s very effective in transporting grain and fodder and can also be used to drag carts, moreover when necessary, it can be slaughtered to provide meat, despite the taste men can eat to their fullest, and can manage to get that many since Scaled Wild Beasts are cheap.

However, for magicians it’s not that rare since most are strict about status and will have their subordinates ride low level beasts. But Zhao had a reason behind it he wanted to promote his Scaled Wild Beast, because it underwent the improvement of the space and became quicker, more violent and had increased endurance, which made it a good warhorse.

The point of such actions, was because of the enormous demand regarding the Scaled Wild Beast, even though the price wasn’t high he still doesn’t have to worry about customers, and therefore his pasture will bare benefits, even still it the Scaled Wild Beast have its advantages and disadvantages, it will generate profit only if the order is big, so he can only rely on merchants and the army.

After the Scaled Wild Beasts have underwent the change in the space there is no way to compare it with ordinary ones, that’s what Zhao want to prove to Laura, she the only person he can cooperate with, and if he wants to succeed in his pasture plans he has to depend on Laura and the Markey family’s influence.

Personal relations play a very important role in business, through force of circumstances Zhao found himself banished, and the Buda Family became the entire Aksu Empire’s public enemy, if somehow their identities were revealed they’ll die an ugly death. Even though he is now known as a black mage, which will make him save a lot of troubles, people are afraid to approach him. Most merchants will avoid cooperation with a black mage.

It took green a little less two days to arrive at Casa city because of his mount, the road was peaceful, especially after the last battle where Zhao have displayed his battle efficiency. No one dared to cause him any strife.

Before Green could enter Casa City, he suddenly stopped, in front of him was a carriage he recognized, it was the carriage of Laura. He did nothing but stare after few breaths of time he approached Sergio and said “hello I’m the follower of Mr. Zhao, please give Miss Laura my regards.’

To Sergio’s surprise Green was wrapped in armor and helmet hiding his face, he looked like an aristocrat warrior, he did not dare be rude to him instead he gave him a faint smile and replied ‘hello, please allow me to report to the young lady.” He turned around and knocked the glass saying “young lady, the following warrior of Mr. Zhao Hai is in front giving you his regards”

Laura was shocked at first, but she opened her door and walked toward Green with a smile on her face she said “what matter brought this gentlemen to Casa city?”

Green responded with a respectful tone “we prepare to set up the oil pressing plant, but we do not enough containing barrels to fill, we also lack some tools, therefore lord Zhoa sent me to take care of this matters”





>

Laura keeping her smile said “this no major matter, you don’t have to waste your time on it I will have people arrange it for you, you see I was heading to blue mountain village to see Mr. Zhao, may I ask you to come along with me ?”

Green stared in surprise “why must Miss Laura visit lord Zhao?!” he thought then he nodded and said “I fear my horse can’t keep up with your horses.”

“This is no issue “she turned to Sergio and she said “lead the gentleman’s horse back to shop and provide him with a wind chasing horse immediately”

Green nodded respectfully and jumped on his new mount, when suddenly Laura said “let’s leave then”

This time she wasn’t heading to the mountain in her carriage, this time she was followed by a whole caravan, she wanted to come back with the radish as fast as possible, that’s why the beast dragging her carriage wasn’t a Scaled Wild Beast but rather a second-level magic beast that looks like an insect, it looks like a enlarged version of a centipede. This beast has an earth element which means it has much more power than other beasts. And is also quick.

Even though this insect-like beast looks fierce it doesn’t seem aggressive, in fact it emanates an air of docility, most factions used it to drag carts only if it’s urgent, however only rich factions can afford it since its appetite is very big and requires a big amount of money to maintain.

Laura was pressed by the high demand on the radish and even some aristocrats made inquiries about the mysterious radish, therefore instead chose the insect-like beast to drag the carts instead of the Scaled Wild Beast which takes four days to arrive at Stony mountain.

And not only that, the insect-like beast are far more powerful than Scaled Wild Beast and can drag 10000 jin of radish instead of 5000 jin.

Green noticed the full insect-like dragged caravan and quickly came to the conclusion that she wants more radishes, furthermore the horse he was riding wasn’t cheap either, so if Laura doesn’t take it back they will be able reproduce and enhance it.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 129




Chapter 129

chapter 129

Green have never made contact with video games, so he doesn’t know about the digital world. Zhao’s space being based on a game is totally weird for him. But for Zhao the system wasn’t very strange aside the farming the animals raised inside don’t have the difference of sexes. More strange thing for green, inside the space a male animal can give birth to new one, in other words the pasture reproducing system is cloning, naturally this is thought of Zhao since Green never of something called clones.

Much to Green’s surprise, they arrived at the foot of the hill in on only half a day of travelling, which made him sigh in disparity, even though the Scaled Wilde Beast was improved it still cannot compare to a Snowflake marvelous horse’s born superiority.

Although Laura was bringing a big caravan, the population wasn’t that big, aside from the cart drivers it did not have any others, and moreover Kun was nowhere to be seen. She knew that Zhao had such a big pile of undead that can help in loading the goods.

Once inside the courtyard her carriage came to a stop, when suddenly Zhao followed by Meg and Merine came to greet her, Laura’s response wasn’t slow either she jumped from the carriage and bowed and said “coming to receive me from carriage is just too polite of mister Zhao”.

Zhao showed a faint smile and replied “Miss Laura you are now my gold host how can I neglect you” directing her to sit in the backyard living room

“So Miss Laura is here for the matter regarding the magical radish?” he said

“It seems you already guessed the reason behind my visit today” said Laura keeping her smile

“That’s because I’m very confident in my magical radish” he added “but I never thought my products will be very popular”

She didn’t conceal the situation in Casa city, Zhao was shocked by the effect of the magical radish and said “does magical radish have this use? I never thought about it before, perhaps it is Miss Laura’s arrangements “

Laura shook her head hastily and responded “don’t you think if we do that it would just ruin our advertisement? “

“Miss Laura shouldn’t get angry” astonished he replied “I just felt that this matter is just inconceivable, how can this situation be possible, I’m sure my magical radish’s quality is high but isn’t it odd ? Some might regard it as a drug which will affect your business badly”

“It might not, your magical radishes are of superior quality, and moreover I’ll have them separated from ordinary ones on sale, so it will not be a major problem”

Zhao quickly understood her aim, those radishes will be a trademark, making a brand will definitely skyrocket the sales which will bare huge profits for both sides, so he slowly pats his own forehead gently then says “ but then my magical radishes should have another name what kind of a name should it be ?”

Laura couldn’t help but stare back, she understood the meaning of Zhao’s words, and could only gape in secret, to her estimation Zhao quickly thought about this point and changed the name of the magical radishes, so people can discriminate between his products and others , and people will quickly remember his trademark

She gave a forced smile and said “you truly are fierce, if you do business this way I won’t even have food to eat”

Zhao on the other hand showed a faint smile and replied “Miss Laura is too polite, it’s true I might have few tricks in my sleeve, but speaking of business how many Dora Radishes you want ?”

She felt a bit irritable but could only manage to keep a smile “I plan on purchasing 200,000





jin (0.5kg) per month but I’m not sure if Mr. Zhao’s goods are sufficient?”

“Rest assured, the quantity is no problem at all, I can provide you to up to 400,000 jin per month, I can also guarantee the good quality “he said

Zhao made his point clear, which allowed Laura carry good impression about his power she couldn’t stop wandering about the technique the black mage in front of her is using to get so many radishes. But she was worrying about a small detail, that’s because Radish is seasonal vegetable and Laura doubted if he can provide her with enough goods during summer “are you sure you can provide me with enough of the radishes throughout the years months?”

Zhao quickly understood her meaning, although he was a nerd, but it was clear that radishes only grow in specific seasons, but he had the storage power of his space he had nothing to worry about “as I said before I can provide you with enough of this radishes monthly even in summer months, and also guarantee the quality and succulent taste of the vegetables” he said.

After listening to his words Laura could only sigh in relief, she knew well, as manager of a food shop, that preserving vegetables can be risky but if done in the right way it can hold the radishes for several months, there were even dedicated businesses in preserving vegetables through winter to sell them at summer, naturally the price increases when it’s the hot season, even though preserved products will not be rotten but they will lose the taste and effect of a fresh one.

Because of these reasons Laura have never preserved radishes in the summer, fearing that she might ruin her shops image. But seeing Zhao confidence she thought that he had a suitable planting environments through all seasons.

She couldn’t help but speculate about Zhao’s lands and territory but she knew well she had to keep it to herself, plus she was sure that he wouldn’t deceive her in matters of business.

For Zhao, he couldn’t be sure what she was thinking, but he was just too happy to think about it, even though 200,000 couldn’t get him 10,000 gold coins, he was sure if he combines it with the output of the oil press he can surpass it easily.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 130




Chapter 130

chapter 130

This is good news, especially for Zhao, considering the territory under his control, some might think of it as insufficient, but with gold flowing in it certainly makes him happy. Furthermore, according to his calculations, he can produce 10,000 Blue Eyed Rabbits per month, considering it takes at least 3 days for new born rabbit to reach maturity inside the pasture.

And that wasn’t all, 10,000 Blue Eyed Rabbit isn’t enough, combining the animals raised in the pasture with those raised the mine tunnel will definitely boost the outcome, that why he made so much preparations in the mountain reach.

But he wouldn’t higher his expectations, he turned to Laura “with my farm I can produce 8000 Blue Eyed Rabbit per month at most”

He didn’t reveal the total 10,000 rabbit, because he want to spare some to make sure no problems occur, in addition he was sure that the rabbits quality are far exceeding than those of normal ones.

Miss Laura was shocked, compared to other big businesses 8000 Blue Eyed Rabbit is not high, she reassured herself with the fact he just opened his pasture. Said “please rest assured I’ll do my best to find a buyer, but I’m not sure if you have any special request”

Zhao nodded “it is true I wish not to sell the rabbit skins, moreover in two months, I’ll also need to process them to make leather clothing, could you please help me with that?”

His request was like cold water splashed against her, that’s because she knew well that meat processing factories part of income comes from the animal’s skins that they slaughtered, fulfilling such need will be hard to do.

Zhao noticed her expression and quickly added “and naturally it only cost them the price of 5000 rabbit and the other 3000 can be considered as fee for letting me have the rabbit’s skin”

TL Note: he will sell 8000 rabbit at the price of 5000 rabbit but he gets to keep the rabbit skins

She was still surprised when she replied “Sir it’s not an issue, but will result in you sustaining loses”

Zhao smiled “it’s true but you the first three months will produce 15,000 rabbits skin, moreover the leather clothing is really useful for me, in any case it will minimize my loses”

Laura replied “then it’s settled, I will discuss this with people willing to take the Blue Eyed Rabbit, when will you Sir be able to produce the rabbits?”

Zhao’s smile grew wider “in ten days a batch of 3000 Blue Eyed Rabbit will be ready, the other 5000 will be provided later this month”

“It seems your pasture is expanding quite fast?! Good, as long as I have news I’ll inform you Sir”

Zhao courteous as ever said “this is all thanks to the young lady’s hard work, this you shall return with several fire fish, even though mass producing them is quite laborious, few wouldn’t hurt”

Laura showed a shy smile “you are too polite” last time she came here she was shocked at the dense basin of Fire Fish, she knew that these only mate seasonally and are very plus the price is super high.

“Compared to your help these fish are worth nothing”

Laura asked with a curious tone “Sir Can i ask how is your oil pressing plantation is going”

“Ha-ha how inconsiderate of me, unexpectedly I haven’t prepared barrels, so I had to delay the production”

Trying to win his favor she said “don’t be worried, in two days my caravan will arrive and will deliver whatever is that you need”

He knew well her intentions but decided to arouse her curiosity more “there is no need for such actions, when the times comes I’ll send multiple Scaled Wild Beast to Casa City to fulfill my needs and bring back more seeds”

She was quite astonishes when she replied “uh I never thought that Mr. Zhao also produce magical vegetables? If so I’ll be glad to sell them to the people of Casa City”

Originally Green was sent to Casa City to buy vegetables seeds, but die the force of circumstances he came back Miss Laura. Initially Green’s mission was to bring back as much firs-level magic vegetables, compared to Magical Radishes. These vegetables are on the edge between a magical vegetable and an ordinary ones.

The majority of ordinary vegetables are ordinary one, the remaining few are magical vegetables. The rarity of such vegetables relies on the precise environment it takes to plant, and that’s why common people don’t get much magical ones.

But the aristocrats couldn’t tolerate the competition with common farmers and thus limited the access to the magical seeds. But suddenly and idea popped up in Zhao’s mind, considering Laura’s status, he might acquire quite a variety of seed easily, he said “I‘ll trouble you more time Miss Laura, I you i need help with my solders, this problems sounds quite simple, but in reality it’s not, it’s very hard acquire rare magical plat seeds, could you possible provide me with a variety of plant seeds, the purchase costs will be covered by me”

Laura stared in shock, many people were eager to have rare plant seeds especially alchemists and elixir teachers since they mostly have they their own botanical gardens, buts that’s not the case with black mages, even ordinary magicians have no big use of such plants. Slowly she started doubting the identity of Zhao as a black mage





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 131




Chapter 131

chapter 131 Laura was wondering what Zhao, a black mage needs such plants. Her best option was to ask him directly, after all she had nothing to lose” what are you planning to make with these magic plants? The quantity of such seeds in the market are low, but I’ll do my best to provide you with as much as I can.”

Showing a faint smile he said “I want to make a botanical garden but what i need most are plant seeds, regardless of quality the more the better”

She replied calmly “then I should make preparations so you suffer no loss.”

“I believe in your abilities. This is an important matter for me”

She courteously responded “You are too polite, this is but a minor matter no need to look for help from others.”

Zhao Hai said with a smile: “we’ll have more chances to cooperate in the future, I just set-up my pasture, it only has Blue Eye Rabbit, later it will also contain Scaled Wildebeest or perhaps something more special, or high-level Magic Beast, I also hope that Miss Laura can establish a meat processing factory, ha-ha.”

“I don’t have such a plan, because the meat processing factory is not profitable enough, and my clan doesn’t have the experience, therefore we have not meddled in this aspect. “

“Miss Laura, I think your business is limited to hotel industry and food shops, you should unfold toward the entire industry aspect, for example if you set up the meat processing factory, which contains Magic Beast that my pasture provides, the quality is in uppermost layer, you also tasted the Blue Eye Rabbit that I have raised, it was very good right?, Therefore If you want to set up a meat processing business, my Blue Eye Rabbit will be sold only to you, I believe that depending on my Magic Beast quality and your sale network. It will definitely be fruitful.”

Laura’s heart was moved, because what Zhao Hai suggested is an extremely good idea ,the Blue Eye Rabbit that he produces is very good, not only the flavor is very good, but also the magic element inside is more intense than and ordinary Blue Eye Rabbit, if he produces enormous quantities, the result will be a positive one.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s exited figure and added “This time I will send my servants riding Scaled Wild Beast to go to Casa City, not only to handle some matters, but also to show Miss Laura the Scaled Wild Beast that undergoes my careful raising, compared to ordinary ones.”

Laura showed a faint smile and said “I believe Mr. Zhao Hai, please rest assured, after going back, I will discuss this matter with my clan members.”

“Previously when Miss Laura was attacked I was quit worried about you, now that we are allies please Miss Laura feel relieved, if there is any problems, feel free to come to me, I’ll do my best to help you”

Laura has gawked, at first she was interested in Zhao Hai, because he has saved her, and because she wanted to rely on the Zhao’s strength, but now things changed, he openly admitted that she can have his help, this was really too important. she knew well that experts relied on their words as contracts, as long as he said he’ll do something, nothing will stop him from doing it, she could only sigh in relief. Moreover this time when she contacted Zhao Hai, Laura was sure, Zhao Hai was a smart person, and moreover he is also a good person, although he is a black Magician, but he was really a good person.

Laura has stood seriously, then said: “Thanks you for these kind words” Laura felt relieved “please don’t be too polite with me it’s my request”

“your requests are my orders, otherwise I wouldn’t ask you to handle that many matters for me, Miss Laura please feel relieved, later if





you meet any troubles that you can not solve, i will do my best to help, even if you were to be chased down by level nine Expert, as long as you reach Stony Mountain, I can guarantee your safety.”

Laura could only stare, she didn’t think that he will actually boastfully talk, he must know that nine levels expert are a formidable existence! Those Experts are legends in the Continent, the people generally called them ‘Asian gods’, meaning they are only poorer than god himself, facing such Experts, Zhao Hai dares to say that he can unexpectedly guarantee her safety?

Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s appearance, he knew what she was thinking, however he only dared to say he can guarantee her safety because he had the power of the space, even if an expert came, as long as he hid in the space, they will have no idea.

“I can only guarantee you to be safe, and cannot help you, because level nine Expert Is an existence that i cannot cope with, to speaks the truth, in my possession is one undefined item that the ancestors handed down from generation to generation and it’s called ‘transmit scroll’, so if you came, I can give the scroll to travel, but to where you’ll be transported is unknown to me”

Laura then felt relaxed, in the Ark Continent there was a legend about an antiquity Magician. The legend said that this Magician was incomparably strong, level nine Expert at that time were common existence, they were true experts who could move mountains, they were formidable and incomparable and were called the gods of time. Currently before that legend did spread, some deep rooted families had a long history threading even before the flood happened, and they possessed magical items that they passed from generation to generation, one of those was the teleportation scroll

The ‘Transmit scroll’ truly existed on the Continent, more than hundred years ago, bandits and thieves intruded an Antiquity Magician grave, and found a ‘transmit scroll’, but an unknown person fought them, afterward the bandits and thieves chased him down, he had ripped open that scroll and vanished, then reappeared in a forest, thousand kilometers away, which allowed him to flee. Afterward some people spread the news, and sometime later that person became a big aristocrat.

Also because of this matter people on the Continent knew and respected the family of that person, but that respect was based on that item that originated from before the flood. Since then many mercenary soldiers and adventurers, willed to take risk thinking antiquity magic items were worth the danger.

Laura smiled at him and could not even speak, now she is more curious about Zhao Hai status, since the antiquity magic items are handed down from generation to generation among big families, the ‘transmit scroll” must be a family heirloom. More importantly what status Zhao holds?

Zhao Hai read about ‘the transmit scroll’ from one of his books, but never thought he will use it as an excuse, Laura felt unexpectedly relaxed, this made Zhao Hai chuckle. No matter what, it seems antiquity magical items are extremely powerful.

“Don’t worry if I encounter any issue I’ll rely on you.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh saying: “my treasure hold immense value, and if I am compelled to use it then Miss Laura will have to pay a huge price”

She quickly understood the meaning of his words such items are exceptionally rare, even though he offered to protect her, he made it clear that a price must be paid

He turned to watch the weather state, then slowly turn toward her and added “Miss Laura the dinner is prepared, after dinner you should head back home, it’s not that I don’t want you here, it’s just I have so many secrets which I’m not allowed to share with you, sorry .”

She didn’t care, she knew everyone had his secrets, she was even delighted Zhao related to her some of his own…but wait dinner?? She knew it’s her favorite dish the Fire Fish

“Rest assured today’s Fire Fish are prepared in a way that you have never tasted before”

Without hesitation she followed him to the dining room. They arrived at the dining room to sit down, Merine carried the meal immediately, the food was very simple, and the bread was fresh placed in a wooden basket.

In front of everyone, was placed some roasted rabbit meat, some green vegetables, but in the middle of the table was a Fire Fish. The way this fish was cooked was different. On the last visit, Zhao’s Fire Fish had a bluish steam coming out of it. Today, it was a red-roast, no one in this world have tasted something like this.

Zhao Hai said proudly “the fish you taste here is prepared in way that you’ll never find it in any other place”

She looked curiously at it before taking a fork to taste it. The fish had only a main-bone so she wouldn’t have trouble eating it, however once she put it in her mouth the taste was heavenly, sweet and delicate.

TL Note: please leave comments on the quality of this chapter (good/bad/etc…) so we can try to fix if there is any problem





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 132




Chapter 132

chapter 132 Big thanks to Robert Funk, this chapter is sponsored by him, aswell as the previous chapter. (sadly it took us some time to edit, it’s a really long chapter 8000+ character long)

When Laura started eating the Fire Fish, she felt a very special fragrance. She never have tasted this flavor before. She felt that her entire oral cavity was full of this fragrance; moreover this fragrance also has started extending at rapid rate. The delicacy was overwhelming.

Laura is a person who enjoys good food, she has eaten all well-known food in the Continent. However all of that good food is incomparable to what Zhao has presented to her. As a result Laura, felt that every time she will visit Zhao Hai he will have some pleasant surprises.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s appearance, and couldn’t help but show a faint smile, the Chinese delicacy is not what an ordinary person can resist, although the Ark Continent seasoning varied, it was still inferior to Earth diversity, aside from the Fire Fish there were some substitute commodities, which made the dish taste even better.

After a while Laura put the fork down, turned her head to Zhao and said: “could you pass the recipe for this dish, it’s the most perfect dish I ever ate.”

Zhao Hai answered with a smile: “Small matter, after you go I will prepare it for you, I will also send you some of my unique vegetables.”

“Sorry for being impolite, although your vegetables are great, but you don’t have a nice wine, next time I come time, i will bring some with me.”

This made Zhao chuckle. “Well, I hope that Miss Laura could teach me some of the ways to make wine, some of the best recipes.”

Laura gave an astonished look and asked “Can you also manage a brewery? It’s not easy to manage.”

Zhao smiled and said: “This is only an idea for my business. You see in my territory, there is a mountain that only have oil plants, I wanted to see if i can plant some wine fruit trees, and the income will be much stronger than oil plants.”

Laura frowned and said: “Sir, I fear that this is impossible, oil plant lands generally are bad, so it’s not good to plant other type of fruit trees.”

Zhao smiled and said: “I will just try, anyway, my main industry is not based around those trees. So even if it fails it’s not a big loss.”

Laura nodded her head and said: “Well, this is not a problem, I can get some wine recipes and tools for Mr. Zhao, as long as you are willing, you can always brew.”

“That’s good, next time Miss Laura visits, we can maybe drink our own wine, so do not mention it”

Laura was very happy, because not only she obtained the good food recipe, but also because her cooperation with Zhao deepened, and her relationship with Zhao was more of a secret cut. After having had the lunch, Zhao Hai has made people load radish for her, Laura naturally packed off the gifts and left.

After that Laura left, Zhao Hai returned to the living room, suddenly Green said “Young master, should we start raising Blue Eye Rabbits in the mine tunnels? Anyway, in two days we should feed the Rabbits, and wait until that Miss Laura sends the tools to extract the oil.”

“Yes, now we have a lot of small rabbit in our hands, feeding them some radish leaves should be okay, tomorrow we will let them use the roller mill and begin processing corn.”

Green nodded and looked at Zhao Hai saying: “Young master, why did you tell the young lady, if there are level nine Experts chasing her, she could come to Stony Mountain and guarantee her safety?”

Zhao Hai understood Green’s meaning. The space is their most important secret, if a bystander knows about the matt





er, troubles will erupt. He responded calmly “You think that Laura will meet nine levels Expert? These nine levels Expert are rare as a phoenix feather, and won’t chase Laura, she does not hold a big value.”

Green Zhao agreed to his argument, but he frowned and said: “Now is not the time to fear, with Laura’s cooperation with young master Master, she will have huge profits in the future, at that time there might be level nine experts chasing her.”

Zhao Hai replied with a smile: “relax Grandpa Green, at that time we can also trust Laura.”

Green was still puzzled but quickly changed the subject “Young master, why do you want that many rabbit skins? Is it useful?”

“I want to prepare the rabbit skins for later, when winter arrives, the temperature will be low, and what will happens to the slaves? Even if we seal the windows and doors, they will also have to go out, when that happens will they not be freezing?”

Green smiled and shook his head saying: “I also really forgot about this matter, right, we should prepare and avoid such thing.”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile, then his complexion suddenly changed, he turned his head and said to Green: “Grandpa Green, immediately call Grandma Merine and Meg, there is an accident at Iron Mountain fort!!”

Green seeing Zhao Ha’s expression change, immediately runs to call them.

Note: now the story goes to laura carriage

But at this time, thinking about this matter, Laura was curious about Zhao Hai, she couldn’t figure his identity or status. She thought he was a big aristocrat descendant, but his lack of customs(manners) and seeds showed the opposite, furthermore he held the ancient ‘transmit scroll’, a legendary item. For these reason Laura was left confused and unable to think.

Most importantly, it was clear that Zhao was short on coins. Even though he said that he’ll send his servants on Scaled Wild Beasts as an excuse to show her the quality of his products, she was sure aside those Scaled Wilde Beasts and undead he didn’t have any other riding animals, plus his animals and plants are only low-end products across the continent. Moreover, his life style was very simple and his servant’s number was limited. For all these reasons she came to a conclusion that his economic strength was weak. She also noticed that he values the coins, for her, the sum of money exchanged for his goods is nothing much, but for an average person, it’s huge.

It can be said that in the Laura’s eyes, Zhao Hai is a contradictory marriage, with the status he holds and style of conduct seems somewhat contradictory. These contrasts left Laura see Zhao Hai shrouded by mystery. However she decided to cooperate with Zhao, not for the benefit, not for his strength, but for his benevolence.

Laura thought of a second possibility, which consisted of Zhao gradually gaining her respect to build a powerful partnership. She saw Zhao’s economy situation, and yet he is making money rather slow and steady, but never took advantage of her, As a result her admiration to the black mage grew even more.

Nier sat in Laura’s side, looked at the Laura’s appearance, and couldn’t help but ask with a smile: “young lady is thinking of Mr. Zhao Hai? That’s what grandfather Kun said, do you really like him?”

Laura stared then said “nonsense! I don’t’ know what the future holds, his business just started, hence he really needs our financial help. If he was a normal person he wouldn’t cooperate with us and have a life-saving obligation toward the Markey clan. But he actually did, and more importantly he didn’t use it to his advantage to extract gold from me. As you can see we are both in a win-win situation. I truly admire his personality”

Nier was puzzled when she replied “but didn’t he accept the expensive magical staff and robe?”

”what does a small girl like you know, the reason the gentleman accepted these things was to let us feel owing him benevolence, and like this we can work on equal grounds, otherwise you think that Mr. Zhao will accept that indifferent thing…really? Considering the item in his disposal, that robe and staff were worth nothing”

Nier smiled in a puzzled way and asked “I was wondering why he accepted the gifts quickly, I thought it was because of his greed or maybe low status”

Laura looked at Nier and showed a faint smile “Silly thing, he might not be arrogant, he might not even be a junior of a big family, but he definitely has a great lofty character”

“I never that Mr. Zhao is actually a gentleman!”

Laura looked at Nier’s blushing face, she had an innocent look, and was kept from the outside world so she never got contaminated by any bad thoughts. She was as pure as clean water staring at the Stony mountain direction. Deep in her heart was imprinted the image of Zhao’s black robes.

At this point Nier saw Zhao in a whole new image





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 133




Chapter 133

Chapter 133

Back at Stony Rock Mountain.

Previously Zhao didn’t relate what’s the accident that happened at Black Wasteland, but with Zhao’s call, Green quickly made the preparations. As soon as the party entered the living room they were teleported to Iron Mountain Fort.

TL Note: Barren Black Land is the Black Wasteland, the previous translator changed the name

In the courtyard stood four people staring at their surroundings, the fort was as peaceful as ever. Green gave a puzzled look and asked “young master… what’s the matter?!

Zhao calmly responded “sorry for not explaining, there are intruders in the Black Wasteland, mostly envoys of an aristocratic family. Outside the castle are 5 intruders stirring trouble, four are already dead the last one is cornered by my undead, we can’t let them leave otherwise it will be troublesome to deal with them, grandpa Green please go bring him here”

He didn’t hesitate he quickly turned around and made his way outside the castle. Merine looked at his disappearing back and said “coming to make trouble huh? Why would they do that?”

Zhao answered with a cold voice “they want us dead. Until then they won’t feel relieved”

Green quickly came back, in his hand was a corpse. This person’s strength wasn’t high, only around the 6th level. This figure was black and swollen.

“Young master, at the moment he saw me, he swallowed a pill and quickly died”

Zhao nodded with an ugly expression “he thought death will save him from me” he waved the ghost staff, suddenly a black cloud covered the corpse, it was a high leveled black magic spell called ‘the sleepy spirit technique’, the point behind the naming is: when the spell is cast and the skeleton is raised it will keep a strand of the corpse’s spirit in the body, therefore it will keep it’s memory. That’s the difference between the high leveled spell and the lower one called ‘hammer the bone’ which only consist of forging a body with no will.

The corpse came back to life and bowed, Zhao on the other hand nodded and asked “who are you and who are your subordinates?!”

“This one is called Ink Line, and is the leader of the 5th squad, I’m an envoy of the Purcell family accompanied by four other people”

TL note: the Purcell family holds the Purcell duchy which borders the Black wastelands. They had a marriage engagement for Adam with their heir. But after the fall of the Buda family they did nothing to aid them

“How many squads in total, and how many men are in each squad?! “

“There are 10 squads in total, 2 were wiped out in stony mountain so only 8 remains. Each one holds 50 men.”

Zhao asked “what’s the point of you five people coming here?!”

“We received orders to scout the area of Black wasteland, and see if you are dead, in case you are alive we are to head back and report immediately”

Zhao put the undead in the space and started walking toward the living room. At this moment Rockhead and Blockhead arrived from outside the castle and noticed the situation. So nobody dared to act unreasonably.

He sat down while Green followed him, face grim he said “I haven’t thought that the Purcell family will be this strong, they must even have suffered a complete wipe out at stony mountain and yet they still have that many strong soldiers.”

Zhao responded “that’s not strange, after all they have ruled for so many years. But if they start paying attention to us now, that would be troublesome”

Merine said with a calm face “I heard that the Purcell family have two level nine experts that’s why we ha





d the engagement with them, it might not be strange if even the current king wanted to meddle with our affairs. Plus a long time ago the Buda family had an agreement with the old king to infiltrate the Purcell family and help him disintegrate it bit by bit”

Zhao was shocked he never thought the aim behind his engagement would be this wicked, but at the same time it made him puzzled. So he asked “grandpa Green, grandma Merine, according to what you said we must have a very intimate relation with old king, furthermore the imperial family only copes with the important pieces of the board games, if it wasn’t for us standing in the wrong team we wouldn’t be here right ?! We are already banished in this barren lands does it really matter anymore?!”

Green’s complexion grew uglier and said with an ashamed ton “of-course it matters, you see before the current king sat on the throne he had the help of the big aristocrats. The very aristocrats the old king wished to get rid of. So to take their revenge they have firstly killed the king and tried to exterminate anyone of his servants. So certainly they won’t let us off that easily”

Zhao frowned he never thought that the situation will be as such, it seems that these aristocrats held some power and could do whatever they wanted.

Merine interrupted his train of thoughts saying “every Purcell envoy have died today, so normally they will send more”

Zhao nodded and said “it seems they are watching our movements because of the engagement, plus they also want to see if we survived the first beast tide. If we renounce that engagement, it’s possible that they won’t mind us anymore. Its better we do it first and take away any reason they have to meddle in our affairs”

Green smiled and replied “this marriage isn’t a good thing, after we got in trouble they didn’t even move an inch to help us, which is not very good for their reputation “

“I don’t know what is their aim, however it can’t be superficial. Otherwise why would they suspect us at such a sorry state? Is there any method to deal with them?”

Other people in the room were thinking, they knew that it’s not easy to deal with Purcell family

Suddenly Blockhead interrupted the silence saying “young master why not send some undead to ravage their lands so they won’t have time to deal with us?”

Before Zhao could even respond Green shook his head and said “absolutely not, if they know that we survived the bestial tide, and the beasts passed beyond the black wastelands, they will suspect our young master’s identity and it will attract even more attention”

The room fell back to silence, everyone was trying hard to find a solution. Meg impatiently said “we can’t deal with the Purcell family unless they have a disaster. But that’s not the case, this year’s weather and crops were outstanding, plus there is no way an insect plague will hit them anytime soon”

Zhao showed and an unexpected smile and said “Grandpa Green, unless an insect plague infects their grains they wouldn’t have time for us, where is their granary?!”

Green stared in shock “Yes, Purcell duchy’s grain main production area is the Lica Plains, it’s a very fertile land which holds a massive granary that contains enough grains to feed the whole duchy for one year, this granary have great importance !”

Zhao laughed loudly “Ha-ha insect plague ha-ha, we can make it happen, let’s see if they can scheme with no food!”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 134




Chapter 134

chapter 134

big thanks to : ‘Alucard Cadmus Di Beelzebub’ ‘Jared Spitzer’ ‘Fabrice QUERRARD’ ,we’ll definitely throw another chapter once Icy gets home





Green was excited and yet puzzled, because he and the other Buda servants didn’t know all the space’s abilities. Amongst those abilities are the ones to summon weed, insects, and mosquitoes. Zhao himself almost forgot about them and he never thought that he would actually use them.

In the farming game these abilities were considered an amusement factor. If Meg haven’t mentioned the insects he would never have thought about it.

Insect plagues are the nightmare of every country, especially ‘locust waves’ that are very famous for the gargantuan amount of damage it leaves behind. However Zhao can summon ‘pork insects’ which also leads to the destruction of crops.

Once Zhao releases the insects, the crops in Lica plain will be entirely ravaged. Moreover, nobody will think that it was artificially triggered.

Zhao noticed Green’s puzzlement and explained “Grandpa Green, grandma Merine, the space have several other uses which I never thought will be useful, so I never told you about them ha-ha it seems these functions are pretty handy”

Green still confused asked “What functions? Does it have any relation with insect plagues?!”

Zhao answered with a faint smile “yea…kind of, in total, there are 3 abilities which allow the summoning of pests, weed, and mosquitoes. With the first tool (pests) I’m able to release insects toward farmlands, it’s very effective destroying crops. The second one (weed) has the same effect, it allows me to summon weeds that will compete with crops for nutrition, therefore reducing the amount of the crop production. The final one allows the massive discharge of mosquitoes, sadly I can’t use it yet”

On the ark continent, there were insects called mosquitoes, so naturally Zhao didn’t have to change the name.

Green couldn’t believe what he just heard so he had to make sure “young master are you sure it can emit insects to destroy crops?!”

Zhao smiled and added “yes, unlike the land improvement I can use it without daily restraints”

The old man was delighted “Good, good, then we can go back to Stony Mountain then set off to Llica plains to ravage it, once we are done we can just break off the engagement “

Zhao nodded and said “the people they sent are all dead, unless they can confirm it, they can’t make any move until then, we have enough time to deal with them”

Green replied “It’s true, there is enough time to travel from Casa city to the Llica plains and come back to stony mountain, but unfortunately not many people can go on this journey otherwise it will be troublesome”

“Yes, but you can stay in the space, just in case any problems occur”

That statement was wise. Because now, that the majority of his high leveled undead are deployed, Zhao was somewhat weak. He also can’t move the undead that are guarding both of his castles.

Merine wasn’t worried either, she knew he had the power of the space. As long as he hid inside it nothing can harm him. Furthermore he can just teleport back to one of the castles. Initially, when Zhao’s farm reached level ten he gained the ability to put down three transmission points, even though these points were fixed Zhao had only deployed two.

But for the time being Stony Mountain can’t be empty, they had to deal with Laura.

Two days later. The second caravan sent by Laura arrived with wooden barrels and tools. The preparations to begin oil pressing





were almost complete. However Laura only sent 200 barrel. These wooden barrels can hold 200 Jin (0.5 kg) each. On the other hand Zhao can produce 20.000 jin of oil in almost five days. So he sent a word with the caravan master, Sean. First to notify Laura that he needs more wooden Barrels; second to let her know that he won’t be available for some time, but if these is any urgent matter she can still come to Stony Mountain.

Sean didn’t dare be impolite, even though his authority grew he was very careful to not neglect any of Zhao’s demand. Because deep in his heart he knew that the black mage was Laura’s trusted friend and helper.

After the caravan left, Zhao and green also started their journey and made their way to the Llica plains. On their travel they rested in bright day and only traveled at night. That way they can avoid the locals and adventurers.

Soon they arrived at the Llica plains, the main source of food in the Purcell duchy. But sadly it was slightly far from the city, so there was no time for reinforcements to arrive instantly if a disaster was to hit the fertile lands.

Originally Casa city was built as a trading post, because not only it was the intersection of multiple trading routes but it was adjacent to the Yudai River which made aquatic transportation quite easy.

The Purcell family went through all this trouble to build Casa city was because of two reasons; first, the city’s location was very beneficial. Second, they didn’t have to worry about defending the Llica plains.

As the name suggests the Llica plains is a completely flat piece of land that stretches as far as the eyes can see. However its defenses capabilities are limited. Still that land has great importance to the Purcell family, the entire family’s economy was based on the grains produced here.

After all grains show the economical might of a duchy. Even though grains are the most basic type of food it still allowed the Purcell family to rule over the land. The family even deployed multiple method to spread its complete authority over the Llica plains.

With the control over the grain production, the Purcell family was able to raise a shocking number of soldiers to guard the Llica plains. Furthermore these 5000 soldier don’t relocate at all. Additionally every soldier was extremely fierce. The expenses spent on the guards is extremely shocking.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 135




Chapter 135

chapter 135

Jared Spitzer you da real MVP

Outside the Llica plains is a wind breaking barrier. This barrier is made out of tall thick trees, thorn vines, and ‘crown of thorns’. These two types of plants are very common in the Ark continent, they are used as sort of protection. Even though their defense is low it’s still capable of holding against low leveled Magical Beasts.

[Note: I replaced thorn cane with ‘crown of thorns’. Just to avoid confusion]

The Llica plains are so huge, some say it even exceeded a million mu (1m mu = 666,6 km²). To encircle such big lands definitely require a large amount of resources. However the plains are special, there are no aristocrats nor common people only the slaves of the Purcell’s family and their soldiers.

Naturally to cultivate a land as big as the Llica plains it needs at least several hundred thousand workers. But in reality there are over a million slave in the fertile land! a million slave ! That’s comparable to a medium size town. In other words the Purcell family have a medium size slave town!

The Purcell family is one of the powerful families in the Aksu Empire. No wonder they are not afraid of exterminating the Buda family.

The old king wanted powerful families as his loyal vassals, however the Purcell family only pursued benefits. On the other hand the Buda family was like a blade in his hand. if it wasn’t for the pressure from the senior king the Purcell family would have never accepted the marriage engagement.

…

Evan from the Purcell family, is the respected head of the clan. Nobody can deny that he is a good person. In time of his youth he travelled and experienced many things, and once he ran into Adam’s father and they became good friends.

But matters changed and he even became the grand duke of the Purcell duchy and helped the Buda family many times. But now he couldn’t do anything. As a person in charge he had to assume his responsibilities to defend both the Purcell duchy and the benefits of the old aristocrats. Therefore he was forced to oppose the Buda Family.

Moreover, beside the head of the household exists what’s called the Elder Assembly. This assembly is composed by the elders of the direct descendants and collateral branches of the Purcell family. Forming a big net based on benefits, and trapping Evan, the head of the family, in the middle of it.

After the sudden death of the old king and the fall of the Buda family, Evan wanted to help, but he was helpless, Green and Merine feared that without Evan’s secret efforts Adam would have died a long time ago. But once his secret actions were exposed by the Elder assembly, those elders joined up to exert pressure on him. Which resulted in the decrease of his authority, he himself felt he was nothing more than a puppet.

After all, he was a member of the Purcell family and his blood was theirs, and couldn’t be separated from his family. He chose to take a neutral stance as a bystander. He understood he was only an ornament with no value that can be replaced with little effort from the elders.

Evan’s daughter is named Ryan, but sadly she doesn’t cope him because of her mother. Her mother is the daughter of an elder and her marriage with Evan was only to control him.

Under the influence of her mother, Ryan lost faith in her father and aligned with her grandfather.

Under the pressure of the old king Ryan and Adam were destined to elope. But now they both want to break the engagement yet incapable fearing to lose their reputation.

However Ryan methods were inpatient, gaining the agreement of her grandfather, she sent scouts to the Black Wasteland to report the state of the Buda Family, and incase Adam was still alive she wanted to kill him. But she never thought that Zhao would retaliate





and summon an insect plague.

…

Zhao and Green were standing the Llica square, they passed many villages but they still could see common people. These people have given their fertile lands to the Purcell family and could only scrap whatever they could from the barren lands surrounding the Llica plains. And naturally their living difficulty increased many times.

The common people can’t go into the Llica plains; first because the army of the Purcell family usually patrols around the borders, second because of the wind breaking barrier.

Currently Green and Zhao were standing outside the barrier. It seems the most fragile part of the barrier was at least 100m wide!

Zhao sighed and said “this Purcell family is really rich aside the manpower they have such a thorn wall”

Green nodded and replied “this is the wealth accumulated from their aristocrats over a thousand years of ruling, I heard it took those over 50 years to build this barrier. Tens of thousands of slaves died in the building process!”

Zhao sucked some cold air, just looking at the dense layer of thorns and wood got his heart thumping. Even though he knew that Green was exaggerating he was sure numerous souls were lost for this defensive belt.

“Why bother with breaking through, if we have enough people we can just restore the common civilian status, anyway slavery can’t last for long “

Green didn’t respond, he was puzzled by Zhao’s statement, because for tens of thousands of years slavery existed in the Ark continent, so how does the young master dare to say such words?!

Zhao noticed and said “Grandpa Green, it’s still early why don’t we rest here today and tomorrow we head to the plains?”

Green didn’t oppose him, since it was almost night, and they couldn’t do much in less than three hours. And from the space they looked at the situation of Stony Mountain. It was as peaceful as ever, Laura also sent another batch of 1000 wooden barrels, so now they can officially start their oil pressing business.

In his journey to the Llica plains it took five days, but for the oil pressing machines were operated by undead. He used the power of his Scaled wildebeests to run the machines. However he turned the beasts not into skeletons but rather zombies.

Zombies are a type of high-grade undead compared with skeletons. A first level skeleton battle efficiency is very weak, however a first level Zombie has strength compared to that of a second level warrior. Additionally to turn the dead into zombies is ten times harder than turning corpses into skeletons, therefore normal black magicians won’t raise zombies.

Although zombie’s battle proficiency is high, its motion is slow. So a zombie against ten skeletons won’t win. Even still its fighting efficiency is not really weak. For example a first-level Blue Iron Zombie. This zombie’s strength and defense are of high caliber, and if it wasn’t slow it can cope with a third level warrior, however since it’s slow even a first level warrior can dodge its attacks, and just in case he was hit he won’t die of severe wounds.

Nonetheless, a 2nd level zombie is comparable to that of a 2nd level skeletons. On the other hand a 3rd level zombie is called a Bronze Zombie. This zombie has the strength of a fourth level warrior.

The fourth level Zombies are called’ Poisonous Corpses’. A Zombie of this rank is able to use toxins as an attack method. A fifth level zombie is called a ‘Tsian deDelopment Bank Zombie’, this one have stronger defense, faster movements, and deadlier attacks.

A sixth level Zombie Is a ‘Silver Zombie’. A seventh level zombie is a ‘Yakkin Zombie’. Eighth leveled one is a ‘Golden Zombie’. A finally ninth leveled zombies are called ‘Zombie Emperors’.

But sadly on the Ark continent the highest level of Zombies are the ‘Poisonous Corpses’. And even a third level Zombie is difficult to come by, so most black magicians have only skeletons in their repertoire.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 136




Chapter 136

chapter 136

Big round of applause to ‘Brandon Pittman’ and ‘Lucas Binter’

Zhao made zombies, because he wanted to see the difference between zombies and skeletons, but he did not think that after he made a zombie, all the undead existed the space had turned into zombies or become a combination of zombies and skeletons. They become Martial Demons!

These zombie’s skin and flesh protection is very strong, comparable to leather armor, bones are harder than steel, but they are pale and cannot breathe, their outside looks like normal humans, but their eyes have an air of death in them.

Most importantly, these undead were already toxic. In addition, their poison was enhanced by the space and became more deadly. At the same time, it (the space) even strengthened their attack methods, for example some undead had their fingernails grow and become strong and mighty.

On the Ark Continent few people can meet Martial demons, that existence is very strong in the initial period, below the fifth level, enemies of same rank can be defeated quite easily. However starting from the fifth level is another story. Advancing from fifth level to above is challenging to break through. Nonetheless the difference between each level in either magical or battle qi is astonishing.

Regarding a Martial demon person, after crossing the fifth level, the difficulty to reach a new level is doubled, that’s why it’s pretty easy to for them to give up on cultivation. Because a Martial demon must maintain his rank for a period of time and build a good foundation for his cultivation to avoid overstating. Making it harsh to have big achievements.

Although the level seven demon warriors are very fierce, but those who can rush to that level are very few, so a lot of big geniuses in the Ark Continent think that they can become a Martial demon, but in the end most stop at the fifth stage, because of the lack of means to rise to the sixth, so as result only a few rose to the sixth level, even if so, it may need a miracle to pass to the seventh level.

Now on the Ark Continent, the people know that Martial demon’s talents is shocking, if one cultivates with enough time and resources in one special type of power it’s quite easy to become an eighth level expert. But because of Martial demons have a special cultivation, they actually can become a sixth leveled or seventh leveled with several masteries.

In the space these undead had several upgrades, they are now like Zhao, with a power of the seventh level, but they can only use magic based attacks because of that, their melee ability is not very strong, they have not studied Battle Qi nor the feat of arms, and can only carry on to make war based on their instincts.

These Magic Beast that came out from Carrion Swamp gained flesh and blood. But to other people’s battle efficiency, these undead are terrifying. These beast were fighters since birth then raised to life after their death, furthermore the Carison Swamp is not a peaceful place. Aside the beastial tide, the undead battle each other the whole time, so whether those undead or magic beasts, they have a very rich battle experience.

Zhao haven’t thought that he can achieve such result, so this made him very happy, now he have more than 1000 level seven martial demons. More than 1000 level seven monster? What concept is that? Why would he fear the Purcell family anymore? If they don’t engage with level nine experts, the Purcell family will be at a huge disadvantage.

Fighting against level nine experts in his current state is impossible. With the large gap of two levels, a loss is guaranteed. It’s unfortunate that every big family on the continent have a level nine expert, with such enemies Zhao can only be overcautious

Zhao and Green Rested for day in the space, and their cond





ition finally is restored to its peak, during the day time, Merine came to the space and made food for Zhao, Merine has been worried about Zhao. He on the other hand enjoyed the motherly love she showed him and could only enjoy her delicacies.

Regarding Merine and Green, Zhao respects them very much, he sees them as his own grandparents, these two respectable old people, have offered their life to the Buda Family, and offered their own children to the Buda Family, regarding such person, Zhao did not dare to disrespect.

….

It has been five days since Zhao left Casa City, but in his inventory exists enough oil fruit and radishes of 22 season worth of planting and harvesting. The more astonishing thing is that each mu in his space produces 8000 Jin (1jin = 0.5kg) of magical radishes. In other words he had enough to trade with Laura for a long time

In the pasture, he also received 2000 adult big Rabbits, and soon he can collect a large amount of rabbits, in other words in the present he has, 2000 large rabbit, 1000 are now mature. Even more, in total he have a full 100,000 rabbit. Zhao truly underestimated the reproductive capacity of the space.

TL Note: in his pasture he can hold 1000 mature animal and 1000 immature animal, so after rabbits mature he put them in the mountain reach back in the caves of the Black wastelands, he also feeds them magical radish leafs.

Zhao stopped planting any vegetables in the space, because after he summons the insects in the Llica plains, the Purcell duchy will have a food shortage, and so starvation will occur. As a result Zhao is preparing to plant some corn, which might sell.

Although Zhao plans to deal with the Purcell family with the insect plague, but he doesn’t want to create a miserable scene where everybody starves to death. The Llica plains produce most of the Purcell family’s food. Therefore, if the Llica plains never produces again, there will be a huge pressure on the Purcell family due the shortage of food.

There will be a disaster, who will be in the bitterest situation? It will not be those nobles, who are rich, but it will be those ordinary people. So if the Purcell Duchy have a shortage of food, then those common people will be miserable, perhaps as time passes they will start eating each other’s flesh.

Zhao truly hates the Purcell family for causing him such trouble. But he isn’t ready to carry the burden of countless deaths. A food shortage doesn’t sound like a serious problem, but in reality it’s the worst.

Moreover Zhao has also thought that if he solves the Purcell family food crisis with his planted corn, he will not only gain a lot of money, but he can also promote the status of Laura in the heart of the Markey family.

So naturally if Zhao wants to make an appearance through corn, then he must only sell it to Laura so she can gain a lot of authority in the Purcell family and her natural position in their hearts would be increased.

However now these are only expectations, Zhao can’t be sure that everything will go his way, because the Purcell family own many other big farms, these large farms have the ability to produce a large quantity of food in a short time, so these big farms probably have the ability to solve the food shortage.

In next evening, Zhao and Green came out from space, Green brought Zhao to pass through the windbreak zone and enter the Llica plain.

As he Entered the Llica plain, Zhao was shocked, he was born in north of China, which had many plains, but the population of China was huge at that time, you could see loads of people. But on the contrary here, you could only see the rolling green waves of immature cereals, you simply cannot find people, cannot see houses, cannot see the trees, that scene could be described as shocking.

Green was also shocked, he sighted and said “This is too beautiful, too magnificent, I haven’t thought that such a scenery could be forged from planting.”

Zhao also recovered and said “This is nothing, as time passes we will also turn the black wastelands to something more beautiful than this.”

The Black Wasteland land, compared to this plain, is way bigger, if it improves, they possibly will have a scenery more chocking than here.

Now the sky was dark, and yet Zhao and Green didn’t evoke chaos, they were simply looking around and carefully inspecting the situation in the fields.

No common people lives here In the Llica plain. On the other hand, the plain has many villages most of them has houses with thatched roofed huts, those house are occupied by slaves, and it seems like a steward is looking after them. There are dozens of slaves which are distributed throughout the plains, passing their life serving the Purcell family.

However Zhao and Green also noted, the life style of these slaves compared to other slaves outside the place is luxurious, they eat flour baked foods, and their clothes are also complete. Unlike slaves elsewhere, they are not divided into teams, but they are put in families, if it wasn’t for their branded bodies they would look like common people.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 137




Chapter 137

Volume 2:Chapter 137 Pest Crisis

Actually, this is in fact what Zhao had imagined it to be, just like in the Black Wastes. Zhao would never send anyone to manage them. Rather, he would let the slaves build villages and let them restore their identity as normal civilians.





It seems like the Purcell family also understand this concept. To get the horse run, you have to let the horse graze. Give the slaves a better life than other slaves, let them build their own families, and let them reproduce. In fact, even if the Purcell family is a respected and big family, it is impossible to buy several hundred thousand slaves each year to supplement the need for workforce. Instead then, they let the slaves increase their number by letting them get married and have children. Since those children are born from slave parents, these children are also slaves already after being born.





Zhao and Green saw several small villages, didn't observe them much as they have an important matter to do first.





Zhao chose a location far away from the villages and stopped. He has not yet attacked using pests and would like to see what this ability can do.





Green is standing next to to the motionless Zhao, really curious as to how powerful the ability would be. Both of them unexpectedly thought of the same thing.





Zhao slowly raised his Ghost Staff and whispered "Cast Pest".





Immediately, the Ghost Staff sent a projection in front of Zhao. Then the voice said "Please select the host cast area, 1 acre, 10 acres, 100 acres".





Zhao immediately understood what it meant and chose 100 acres. The projection didn't disappear after, instead changes pictures and the voice said "Please select the cast density, one (per plant) two (per plant), three (per plant), four (per plant), five (per plant). " Altogether, five options.





Zhao thinks, looked at the crops that looked like wheat, with a heavy heart, chose the highest per plant, which is five.





Zhao thought he has finished up, has not thought that again the images on the projection changes and the voice said: "Please select the duration of survival of the pests, a day, ten days, a month".





Zhao immediately choose a month, the voice didn't said anything after and then the projection vanished. Instead, a yellow light comes out of the Ghost Staff, it flashed and disappeared. Then Zhao and Green heard rustling sounds coming from the wheat fields in front of them. They looked down, in their hearts, they feel scared.





The wheat field in front of them, on each wheat has five large insects, desperately chewing the wheat.





Zhao and Green looked at the scene, their scalp tingling. They did not think that these pests can eat up the wheat so fast.





Zhao straightened himself, took a deep breath. Green stood up, shocked, looks at Zhao and said :"Master, is this what you said "Cast Pest" function?"





Zhao nodded and said: "Yes, this the "Cast Pest" function, which in front of us attacks the 100 acres field, in which 5 pest is on each wheat plant".





Green looked at the wheat in from of them and was shocked more, in this stretch of good wheat field, suddenly there are large insects, five on each plant. This is really too scary, a godlike ability.



Zhao has not told Green that these pests have a month long life, though he is not clear about this himself. He thought that in this one month, the Purcell family will kill the pests steadily as soon as they know of it, making it impossible for these insects to live for a month, thus not telling Green about it.





However, Green also saw people in the scene, remembered the space magic, thus quickly calming down and said: "Master, do we put the pests to other places?"





Zhao nodded and said: "We will, we will surely cast them, I want these pests to eat all the wheat in the Ica plains".





Green chuckled, Zhao jumped across the hundreds of acres of field while casting pests all over, then continuing to the next place.





Zhao didn't know the total area of the ruined wheat fields. He casts pest all over the field in an orderly manner, starting from the woods, letting the Purcell family think that this pests are a natural in the area.





This evening, Zhao and Green are really tired as they kept running all over the place. Zhao did not put out the special zombie that he had. Strange to say, when he makes a zombie, undead in space also looked like zombie, though the appearance didn't change, which is a very good thing for Zhao.





This time, Zhao did not released any undead, because it is too big, easily exposing them and leaves traces. Once the people of Purcell family sees those traces, they might conclude that the pest plague is artificial, in which case, ain't amusing.





It will be dawn in three hours, Zhao and Green returned to the space to rest. Green knew that the slaves won't be working not until the sky is completely bright, supervisors won't let them rest for a long time. If they wait till it is dawn to rest, they might leave some traces and be found out.





They are really tired that night, after entering the space, went to bed immediately. The situation on the fields though, is actually a lot more awful than what they had imagined.





Zhao underestimated the destructive power of the pests to the crops. Five large bugs that never stops gnawing the the wheat, the damage is hard to imagine. that night, there are many wheat plants that has become just a pole rod.





More frightening is that those large bugs, after gnawing a wheat, has not disappeared, instead crawled onto other wheat plants.





Zhao had not counted the fact that in just that night, they had changed more than a hundred places, which was all due to Green being an eight level warrior. Otherwise, this degree is impossible to achieve.





In other words, Zhao and Green, just this evening, has placed enough pests to more than a hundred places of wheat fields, 5 bugs on each wheat plant. This mighty insect army had began to develop, already has eaten the wheat plants in those 100 acres of wheat fields.





Zhao and Green went into the space and sleep, so naturally they did not know what's happening outside. Upon daybreak, slaves starts to work on the fields, mainly to remove weeds and kill bugs if they find any.





Right now, the farming season is not on a busy stage, therefore, the slaves are relaxed while going to the field to inspect them.





Zhao let the pests on that land, as a slave started to inspect, he looked stupid, scalp tingling.





Large insects was gnawing on the young wheat plants, basically seeing no complete plant at all, leaving only a green straw.





Forget about the slaves, not even the supervisors looked stupidly on the scene, cannot believe what they are seeing, this is just too terrible.





Suddenly, a slave responded, shouts loudly while keeping the wheat on hand, while stamping the pests on the ground.



With the slave's action, other slaves begun to throw the pests on the ground and trample them with their feet.





The supervisor has gotten sober, complexion not looking good, looks around. He did not go along with the slaves to kill the pests, instead, turned around and ran back to their village.in the small village, scaled wildbeasts are being raised. They are usually used for farming, but in case of emergency, can be used as a ride to deliver messages.





Just that the supervisor have seen, these bugs didn't just infested a small area. He looked around and has seen that a large area of wheat fields had been attacked already. Although not sure of the scale of damage, but one thing is for sure, if the pests won't be suppressed the soonest possible time, there will be a big reduction in the grain yield in the Ica plains.





What the supervisor does not know is that, like him, many of the supervisors around Ica plains are already doing the same thing, riding scaled wildbeasts to run toward the relay station of the Purcell family.





The reason why the slaves gives in so much effort to suppress the pests infestation is that if their grain harvest was to be reduced, the amount of food they obtain also gets reduced. In turn, their life would not be too good, if food is reduced, they will also be sad.Every village has a relay station placed by the Purcell family. It is like a small inn, usually used as message relay stations, the place is also where they give aid to the slaves and be used as granaries during harvest time.





This is how the Purcell family control the whole of Ica plains. Whenever there's any sign of trouble, they can obtain the news the shortest possible time.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 138




Chapter 138

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World Chapter 138

Urgent Report



Nate was the stationmaster of the relay station. This job was a very lucrative position in the Purcell family. A stationmaster distributes aid to the slaves and deduct a part of the harvests if necessary. Further, they are responsible for raising atleast 12 Wind Chasing Horses or Flame Colts that were used to pass messages among relay stations. Their feeds are more refined than the feeds of the common scaled wildbeasts. This feed was what Nate usually embezzle.



The situation in the relay station of the Ica plains was a very common occurrence throughout the duchy. It was almost regarded as an open secret because the stationmasters were usually a family member, in which many benefits through the embezzlement.



Although the Purcell family was handling the situation poorly, it doesn't mean they don't care. As long as the normal operation of the relay station was maintained and the amount of the slaves dying was minimal, they won't say anything about it. The family will enforce a heavy punishment if these were not met.



It was for this reason that although it was quite a petty job, it was still a lucrative post. Working as the stationmaster for several years will also enable you to return to Casa City as a pensioner when you reach old age.



As the nephew of the Foreign Housekeeper of the Purcell family, Nate's position has been arranged, since he lacked the talent as a practitioner. It was so that he can earn some gold coins and have a comfortable retirement life in Casa city.



Although he can't go back to Casa City often since he was responsible for manning the relay station everyday, at least his life was comfortable. He knew he lacked the talent as a practitioner, so he did not have any thoughts of pursuing it. He just wants to do the job for several more years so that he can retire in Casa City comfortably.



Nate smiled while thinking about his family who lives in Casa City. Six years ago, his wife lives with him here in the relay station. But after having a child, he took them to Casa City for the child's education. The child now goes to Casa City Demon Military Institute. Although the child can't be a magician, having a healthy body makes the child a good warrior material.



As he thinks of his mischievous son, Nate becomes happier. He was humming a song while walking out of the room, going straight to the kitchen. He got a small pot of wine along with two dishes of vegetables and then loudly said: “Garson, Carol, come and accompany your elder brother to drink 2 cups of wine”.



Garson and Carlo are Nate's deputies. They were also relatives of some elders in the Purcell family. Just like Nate, their positions were both arranged, thus making the relationship between the three of them fairly good.



Suddenly, they heard bursts of hoofs coming towards them. Nate was surprised for a moment. He then listened carefully to where the sound came from. The sound didn't came from the direction of the old fort of the Purcell family, Fort Benniu, instead, it came from the direction of the Ica plains.



His face sank, he did not fear the sound of the hoofs if they came from Fort Benniu. It meant that commodities were to be delivered to their relay station. What he fears were the sound of the hoofs that came from the Ica plains, as this meant there's an emergency or accident that had happened.



The Purcell family gives great importance on the Ica plains, thus, no matter what happened, the Purcell family should know of it immediately.





ong>Nate threw the pot of wine he has in his hands and immediately directed his two deputies saying: “Prepare the flames horses quickly, there maybe an accident in Ica plains”.



Garson and Carlo frozed for a moment, then quickly moved and prepared the horses. They knew that Nate had been the stationmaster for 8 years. Although he didn't get any promotion, his high familiarity with how it works within the Ica plains made them follow him without hesitation.



Just before they move, Nate's heart sank. In the distant horizon, he can see a man madly whipping his horse moving quickly towards the station. Judging by the looks of it, he knew that the situation was a lot worse than what he had imagined it to be.



As soon as the man reached the gate, Nate immediately asked: “Tyne, what happened?”



The pale-faced Tyne responded: “Senior Nate, my district is in a bad situation. A large-scale pest infestation is happening right now. Please report it immediately to the family, otherwise the grain yield this year would be greatly reduced.”



Nate was stunned and it took some time before he collected his thoughts and said: “How could a pest infestation suddenly occur?”



The paled-face Tyne replied: “I have no idea, yesterday it was all normal. But this morning, we found a large number of huge white insects gnawing on the wheat plants. If they are not eliminated, the consequences would be unthinkable. If possible, I hope the family can send a high level magician and an army of a thousand warriors.”



Nate was startled after hearing what Tyne said. Asking for a hundred warriors was the usual request to respond to a pest infestation. But right now, Tyne was asking for a high-level magician and a thousand army. Nate looked at Tyne and said: “Are you saying the problem is really severe?”



Tyne smiled and said: “Senior Nate, the situation at hand right now is worst than you think it is. I suggest telling the family to start preparing a strategic plan to counter the infestation”.



Nate silently agreed. He knows that Tyne was a warrior of the Purcell family in the past, was injured and later assigned as a supervisor. Precisely because of his past that Nate knew he is reliable. When Tyne said that there's a need for a strategic plan, it meant the problem was really serious.



After thinking things over, Nate said: “Alright, I'll immediately leave for Fort Benniu to deliver this news. You should hurry and go back. Organize a pest control team as soon as you can.” Tyne agreed and sped off towards the village.



As soon as Tyne left, Nate instructed Garson and Carlo to deliver the news to the different relay stations around Ica plains. Immediately, all three of them sped off, going on different locations.



Nate knew that the problem was severe, so he headed towards Fort Benniu with haste. It takes 2 days for a horse to travel from Nate's relaystation to Fort Benniu. However, in times of emergency, you can reach it in a day if you continuously run without rest.



Fort Benniu was an old fort that always has three elders, five thousand warriors and one hundred fifty magicians stationed. This fort was also the home large number of family members along with their servants. As such, the Purcell family considers this place as one of the foundations of the family.



Among the five thousand warriors in the fort, two thousand were stationed inside the castle. The rest were stationed on military compounds outside the castle. These military compounds formed the network of information and communication, passing news all over the fort.



The walls of the fort were two kilometers long, five meters thick and fifteen meters high. the wall was built with a deep foundation on a land covered with Riga grass. The layers were all tampered firmly and topped by a layer of rice milk, making the wall very strong.



Although the fort was not a key city in the Duchy of Versailles, it was still relatively a busy place. Even if the Purcell family were very strict with regards to trading, quite a number of merchants from the Duchy of Versailles still sets up shop here.



Presently, there were about five million people throughout Fort Benniu. The people living in the castle are the Purcell family members along with some people that has a good relationship with the family.



Today seems like another normal day within the Fort Benniu. The castle door opened in the morning, with trades and businesses starting up along with it, making the fort quite lively. At the end of the day, a melodious bell was heard throughout the fort, signaling the closing of the castle doors.



However, while the doors were being closed slowly, the sounds of a rapidly running horse reverberated throughout the fort suddenly. People couldn't help but look at the direction where the sound was coming from. That direction was where Ica plains was.



Before long, a flame horse emerged along with the rider shouting : “Urgent Report! Urgent Report! Do not close!”



People living in the castle clearly knew that the person is a messenger or someone who works at the a relaystation. They immediately stopped closing the door and slowly opened it.



As soon as the messenger reaches the gate, two guards wearing horned helmets welcome him. The messenger actually didn't stop and yelled:”Urgent report! Urgent report! Move out of the way!”



Usually, when a messenger delivers a report, they stop in front of the gate to be inspected by the guards. However, this messenger went straight to the fort while shouting. The guards didn't dare to intercept him and stepped aside immediately.



The messenger was actually Nate. He knew that the pest infestation was severe, thus he didn't mind stopping at the gate and went directly to the fort.



No one dared to block the speeding Nate. He has traveled a whole day without rest and was clearly exhausted. As he stepped down from his horse, he almost fainted in front of the inner city guards. The guards saw this and they immediately helped him.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 139




Chapter 139

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World Chapter 139

Pest Crisis (2)





Nate struggled as he tried to speak in front of the inner guards. Seeing this scene, one of the guards spoke to another and said: “Give him a bowl of water.” Without hesitation, the guard fetched a bowl of water.



After quenching his thirst, Nate struggled to stand up and said: “Quickly report this to the family. Ica plains is under a large scale infestation. We're requesting for high level magicians to deal with this.”



As soon as the guards heard what Nate said, they all became pale. They hurriedly went towards the castle while helping Nate to walk.



A person such as Nate was not eligible to enter the fort without an official pass. Usually, he can only go till the fort's inner gate and give the report to the guards. It was the duty of the guards to evaluate if the news were important or not.



After letting Nate sit, the guard who was helping Nate to walk asked: “How come there's a sudden severe pest infestation?”



Although tired, knowing that this inner city guard was a junior of one of the Purcell branch family, he still answered immediately and said: ”I do not know either. This morning, the supervisor of the village rushed to my relaystation and reported that there was a massive infestation happening. A large portion of the wheat fields had already been infested. .”



The warrior guarding the inner city gates, Tat, was a junior of a branch of the Purcell family. Due to his grandfather being an elder, he was placed as an inner city guard in Fort Benniu. Being a junior of the branch family, it was their duty to serve as guards while they were still young and inexperienced.



Tat then asked Nate and said: “When did you notice the infestation?” He asked the question again to ensure that the report was valid, as the Purcell family really gives a high importance on the matters related to the Ica plains.



Honestly responding, Nate said: “Yesterday, everything was normal. But when morning comes, a large number of fat bugs were observed over a large area in the wheat fields. I immediately ran here to report the problem after receiving the news.”



Tat frowned, as junior of a branch family, he was more knowledgeable than Nate. He felt that this was an unusual occurrence but he has not thought that it might be artificially induced. He has not heard of anyone who can use insects to attack in the continent. It was common knowledge that the low level of intelligence of insects made them impossible to be controlled or trained.



Furthermore, these kind of insects doesn't have any battle efficiency, so normally, no one would use them. After all, in the Ark continent, strength was everything.



Because of those reasons, Tat didn't had any reason to believe it wasn't a natural occurrence.



Pest problems occur several times a year in the Ark continent. This was also true of other natural calamities such as flood and drought.



Just then, a guard who was asked to inform the elders ran back to Nate and said: “Follow me quickly, the elders wants to see you.”



Nate was startled and quickly stood up. Although he was not a powerful practitioner, he was still, after all, a level four warrior. After resting for quite a bit, he ha



d regained some of his strength and immediately stood up to meet the elders. Remember, people from the Ark continent were a lot stronger than the people on Earth.



Tat and the messenger brought Nate inside the castle. Upon entering, Nate saw a lot of warriors training in a large martial arts field. There was a hall in the martial field wherein most the affairs within the fort were being handled. This includes the affairs related to the fort's wall, as well as the living conditions of the warriors.



The two guards along with Nate hurriedly went to the front of the hall where they were greeted by a steward. The steward smiled and said: “Hurry, the elders are waiting inside.” Having led Nate to the hall, the guards did not go inside. The rules of the Purcell family specified that guard warriors doesn't have the qualification to enter the halls.



Tat immediately turned around and returned to his own residence inside the castle. Since he was a junior of the branch family, he has a higher status than the common guards.



After returning to his room, Tat immediately wrote a letter addressed to his grandfather. Although his grandfather was an elder, he was not here in Fort Benniu. He was in the city of Casa. Tat wanted to tell the news he had received immediately to his grandfather.



After writing, he rolled the letter and placed a wax seal. Then he took out his wind falcon, which his father gave to him, and sealed the letter in a small iron pipe. He cautiously looked around first before letting the falcon flew.



Meanwhile, after hearing Nate's report, the Purcell family responded quickly. They organized a pest control army composed of five wind magicians and an army of a hundred cavalry. They then immediately went towards the reported area in the Ica plains.





***





Zhao and Green didn't knew of these developments. They had been inside the space after deliberately hiding their presence. They feared that they would be found out if they didn't.



They slept till the afternoon. After eating the food Meirin prepared for lunch, they went to the living room. Zhao opened the screen and observed the situation outside.



Though they were not near the wheat fields, they were still able to see what was happening within a radius of five hundred meters.



However, they were shocked with what they saw. The wheat field appearing in the screen was no longer how it was last night. The field that was fully green and vibrant was no longer present.



They didn't saw any good wheat plants, instead, what they all saw was a field full of culms. The field was covered with withered wheat plants.



Seeing this situation unfold, they could not help but hold their breath. Even though they expected a large scale damage, they didn't expect that it would be this fast and severe. All good wheat crops had been infested, others had withered. Unexpectedly, it only took a night to have this scale of damage.



Both Zhao and Green recovered after a moment of shock. Green looked at the screen and muttered: “This is horrible, I never expected that these little insects can cause this damage, this time, the Purcell family would really be in trouble.”



Zhao looked pale-faced, nodded and said: “I have never thought that these insects could be this fierce. It seems this time, the production of grains from the Ica plains would be reduced greatly.” Zhao turned around and said: “Meg, tell Ann, starting tomorrow, stop the processing of the oil fruits. Instead, focus on corn processing. Although we did this to give some trouble to the Purcell family, I don't intend to starve the commoners and slaves within the Duchy of Versailles.”



Green nodded in agreement and said: “The more processed food produced, the better. This time, the grain production in the Ica plains would really affect the market so much. Even if the Purcell family has the ability to cope up with this, the increase in the prices of food commodities would affect the commoners and the slaves. But if we introduce our processed corn as an alternative, grain prices would be stable, which is a good thing.”



Sighing, Zhao said: “This time, if it were not for Purcell family's provocation, I would not be so heartless. Since we attacked the Ica plains, the slaves living here in the plain would greatly suffer.”



Green coldly responded: “If we didn't do this, the Purcell family's attention would be directed to us. They will surely send someone to deal with us.”



Zhao sighed and looked at the screen. Green knew Zhao was kindhearted, thus he didn't urge him to do more. Since Zhao was still young, in Green's opinion, being able to do this was already remarkable.



While they were observing and discussing, the sky slowly turned dark, but Zhao patiently waited inside the space. He knew that making a move right now, when there where many pest control teams scattered, will cause them to be found out.



At around nine o'clock, it was already completely dark. Thus, Zhao and Green decided to go out of the space. They saw a light coming from a torch a few distance away. It seems like the slaves were still doing pest control. Fortunately, the place they exited to were in the woods, further, there were no one near them.



After observing for some time, they found out the slaves were still busy killing pests, thus they slowly walked out of the woods.



With a heavy heart, Zhao looked into the distance and decided to proceed and continue casting pests. Just like last night, he used the same options upon using his skill "Cast Pest".



Thinking about their capacity to control the situation, they only infested a total of seven thousand hectares. This way, the slaves won't be affected so much by this disaster.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 140




Chapter 140

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World Chapter 140

Most Important



The pest control army that the Purcell family sent, were dispatched into the places where Zhao and Green had cast the pests. They were given an area of jurisdiction.



The detailed actions of the pest control teams that were composed of the slaves were recorded on the district relay stations they belong to. This way, the reports were easily passed from the relaystations to the Purcell family.



Meanwhile, Nate was left behind in Fort Benniu as he would just slow down the pest control army that were composed of magicians and warriors with a higher level of cultivation than him.



Normally, the family won't send a magician, and five magicians at that, to a case of pest infestation. But now, the situation was different. These magicians were known to have an inferior set of single-attack skills, but has a very good area-of-effect attack skills. In case of a normal pest plague, they can can use several magic skills and instantly suppress the infestation.



However, upon their arrival, they were shocked to see that the fields had become like a battlefield. It seems like there's a war between the slaves and the pests. Although they were only slaves, it was still surprising to see how fierce they were while fighting the insects.



Everywhere on the field, all they saw were the same scenes. Large fat insects gnawing on wheat plants while the slaves attacks any pests they see and stomped them to death. There were even slaves who looked pale and were lying down, they were obviously tired and had fainted.



As the pest control army observed more, they were again astonished as they saw the scenes from distant fields. Along with Nate's district, it seems like several other districts were also affected. The army can't even imagine how large the damage was.



The leader of the army, a fire magician, saw the situation and immediately ordered a warrior and said: "Immediately return to Fort Benniu and report the situation to the elders. Tell them to raise the emergency level to the highest and ask fore more reinforcements immediately, otherwise, there won't be any harvests this year from the Ica plains."



The warrior was a team leader in the pest control army, a level six warrior practitioner, immediately rushed towards Fort Benniu.



The lead magician didn't immediately ordered the army to start the pest extermination, instead, he turned around and gave an order. He said: “Everyone must step back fifty meters away from the wheat plants and establish a ten by ten meters buffer zone. Winger, go and cure the slaves that had been injured or exhausted. Afterwards, order them to help with the formation of the buffer zones. Message relay team, go around the Ica plains where there were infestation and pass the order to them.”



The message relay team immediately complied, rode their horses and went to different locations. Meanwhile, the other warriors went immediately to the field. At the same time, Winger, who was a water magician, went to the area where the slaves that passed out and were injured. The army leader, after seeing everything was proceeding according to his instructions, started to recite several incantations in a low voice. Suddenly, a snake salamander appeared and immediately flew towards the fields as he positioned himself to the buffer zone.



The other magicians also started casting their magic skills on the fields



that were infested heavily while avoiding damaging the fields that were already secured from the pests.



Looking at how smoothly he instructed the army, the leader seems to be very experienced in handling cases of insect plagues.



Then, the rest of the warriors in the army had also taken out their weapons and started to form the ten by ten meters buffer zone. Since the buffer zone was wide, it was hard to avoid wasting a lot of wheat fields.



Unfortunately, these magicians didn't know that the infestation was artificially induced and started attacking using the normal method of extermination. The method was extremely useful in cases of normal insect plagues, but now, they saw that their method was not effective against these pests.





***





Zhao and Green weren't too tired today but still decided to go back into the space after they reached the windbreak zones. Since they were concerned about what's happening outside, they used the screen to observe what's happening within a radius of five hundred meters.



What they saw was really something beyond their imagination. Those big bugs gnawing on the wheat so fast it seems unnatural, leaving only the culm.



Then, after gnawing a wheat, the large bugs would immediately hop onto the next available wheat. Green took a deep breathe, smiled and said: “Now I know why the Purcell family has sent a large army.”



Zhao nodded while leaning against the sofa, took a deep breath and said: “We should rest for two days and observe. If they can exterminate the pest within two days, we will cast more. If in case they won't be able to solve this within two days, Grandpa Green should visit the Purcell family and break the engagement.”



Green nodded and said: “Master, we might as well go back to the Stony Mountain and just return here after two days to see the results.”



Disagreeing, Zhao shook his head and said: “First, we need to go back to the Black Wastes and deliver the extracted oil to Casa City. Then we will ask Laura to buy sacks which we can use for the packaging of the processed corn. This time, we're not expecting any income from the sales of the corn to help ease the burden of the slaves and commoners throughout the Duchy of Versailles. Since this is the case, we need to place several slaves to the Stony Mountains to extract oil.”



Green nodded even though his hate for the Purcell family was deeper than Zhao's, he did not want their actions to cause the general populace to be starved and even die.



In the Ark continent, people believes in gods except those dark magicians. This was the reason why there's still restraint on people's actions, as they believe they will be punished by the gods if ever they do something bad.



After reaching an agreement, they returned to the castle in the Black Wastes wherein a giant corn processing plant now works full time. There's two ways in which the corn were processed. First, was what the Northeners called corn, in which they peel the husks and process the corn to be edible. The second one was making corn flour. This was done by grinding the corn which was relatively troublesome. These flour were the ones to be made into cornmeal.



In order to hasten the processing of corn, Zhao has recalled back a large number of undead that were stationed in the Stony Mountains. Undeads don't require rest and can continuously work, that's why Zhao was confident that he can supply the needs of the Duchy of Versailles in case the effect of the Ica plains infestation starts to manifest.



Since the slaves' capacity to do work were limited, they were assigned on the technical parts of the processing, while the undead does any other physical-related work.



Also, Zhao had to raise 100 scaled wildbeasts in the space, ten of which would be used to pull the carts for delivery while the rest were used to assist matters related to grindstone milling.



There's a total of ten grindstones and twenty rollers which were inadequate if the normal processing schedule were to be followed. Thus, Zhao decided to order all the male slaves to focus on working with the milling process and assigning undead for the other steps.



Dealing with all of these made Zhao unable to check on the situation on the Ica plains after two days. Further, he doesn't have much people available for use since they were already assigned to different tasks such as guarding the Black Wastes and the Stony Mountain. Zhao then decided to reduce the undead defending Stony Mountain by half, transferring the ordinary mercenaries that were turned undead to the Black Wastes.



Following that, Zhao contacted Drunk, who was in the Carrion Swamp, inquiring about the situation there.



Drunk returned a message which stated that the Carrion Swamp was not actually only a swamp. There were places that looks like islands where tree grows and some Magic Beasts lives.



Drunk's team had occupied a small island. They made it their base while catching weak and low leveled Magic Beasts as well as gathering and picking up seeds of the plants growing there.



At the moment, Drunk's team had been deep into the Carrion Swamp, around a few hundred miles away from the border. Continuing to go deeper looks quite difficult, thus they prepared deliver what they had accumulated first.



Zhao agreed to Drunk's decision. Compared to the threats of the Purcell family, the Carrion Swamp poses a lot more danger. After all, even if the Purcell family attack them, they could hide in the space. This ain't the case with the threat of the Carrion Swamp.



If they wanted to live in the Black Wastes for generations to come, they should solve the problem posed by the Carrion Swamp.



Because of these thoughts, Zhao was now very anxious, ordering Drunk to go continue observing. Getting more information about the Carrion Swamp was the most important.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 141




Chapter 141

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World Chapter 141

Opportunity



While Zhao was busy, an earthshaking situation unfolded in the Ica Plains. For the first time in the history of the Purcell clan, their pest control army wasn't able to stop the infestation, rather, they just realized that this plague was the worst among all the pest infestation recorded.



Since this was already the case, and having been sent all available forces from Fort Benniu, a clan elder from Casa City, Shirvan, was ordered to lead a team to go on the east side of the Ica plains.



Zhao and green cast the pest on over ten thousand acres of land, coincidentally, they were all in the eastern part of the Ica Plains. This was the reason why the elder was sent towards the eastern area hoping that they can exterminate the pests the shortest possible time.



When they arrived, they were surprised, what they saw was really beyond their imagination.



There was a large number of pests infesting the fields. They saw that the buffer zones formed weren't able to block the pests. They also observed that these pests reproduce really fast and easily broke through the buffer zones.



Due to this, the army's five magician were tasked to handle atleast a thousand hectare each, which was simply impossible. Even accounting the rest of the warriors and slaves, there's no way it can work. And upon the arrival of Shirvan, the pest control army from Fort Benniu was still forming another buffer zone, which would be quite useless now.



Truth is, they don't even know that these pests wouldn't be gone until their predetermined lifespan was over.



In reality, Zhao's space was an existence different from all the magic in the Ark Continent. The logic behind the laws it contained were different as compared to what this world has. Thus, everyone assumed that the pests dies after they stomped them down or attacked with their magic skills. They concluded that their reproductive ability was simply astonishing that even if they kill them, they still maintained their numbers. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Those bugs really die, but amazingly, they immediately revive after, and when they do, they turn into a young bug again and would move really fast to another wheat plant and start infesting. Due to their number, Purcell clan's army weren't able to notice this occurrence.



Aside from an elder from Casa City and the army that was previously sent by Fort Benniu, everyone in Fort Benniu, the clan members and their slaves, were were now mobilized. Remember, there's a total of five million people in the fort, and almost all were now in the Ica plains.



Only around five thousand were left in Fort Benniu, which includes the guards and old, weak people.



With a large movement like this, each and every merchant in the Purcell Duchy were alerted. They sent spies to monitor what the Purcell clan's been doing.



Earlier, when Fort Benniu sent a pest control army, merchants who has a relation to any member of the Purcell clan already sent letters asking about the situation. After inquiring, they were informed that there's a pest infestation occurring in the Eastern Ica plains.



These merchants really didn't mind it that much, after all, we're talking about the Purcell clan. They knew this issue would be resolved soon.



But then, when th



e news of the massive movement in Fort Benniu were known by them, they concluded that things weren't as simple as they though it was.



Unfortunately, now, they don't have anyone to ask about the situation, after all, most of their contacts were already deployed towards Eastern Ica plains.



However, these merchants knew, with the massive damage brought about by the pest infestation, there will surely be food shortage, which means, prices for food will go up significantly.



This is a big opportunity!



For merchants, the disastrous infestation was not within their priorities, they actually don't care. What they care about was the impact it will bring, thus, this news spread like wildfire among the merchants in the Purcell Duchy, Laura's Markey clan included.



The Markey clan's merchant firm in the City of Casa was controlled by Laura. They had been training wind falcons for relaying messages. Laura decided to give Nier the responsibility of raising them after she saw that Nier really loves beasts, and surprisingly, she was loved by the beasts as well.



Recently, Nier was very happy. Her life was simple. If Laura was happy, she was happy too.



Nier was feeding the wind falcon. Wind falcons were actually not picky about their food, but they prefer meat. Altogether, there's a total of two hundred wind falcons in Laura's shop, one hundred of which were still growing up. Everyday they need to provide a large amount of feeds for them to eat.



Usually, a dozen of people would be needed to take care of two hundred wind falcons. After all, these birds are to be taught, thus, they should also be fed carefully, otherwise, they'll be aggressive and even attack and injure their trainers.



In Laura's case, Nier was the only trainer taking care of all the wind falcons. As long as she delivered food, the birds would happily eat them. Sometimes, Nier brings live prey to let the falcons experience predating. This was the reason why their wind falcons really looked better than other falcons raised and trained by the other families and clans.



Suddenly, while Nier was feeding the falcons, she heard a falcon's cry. The falcon approached her and quickly landed on her shoulders. She froze for a moment, after looking at the falcon, she saw a letter tied to the legs.



Nier immediately took the letter and said: “Little Thirteen, good work, now go inside and eat, otherwise, your brothers will take your share.” Nier named the wind falcon using numbers. She can recognize them instantly, even though the birds didn't have any mark on them. This was her special ability.



The wind falcon rubbed its beak towards Nier's face a few times before flying towards it's nest to eat. Nier then took the letter to the study.



Laura was reading the accounting book in the study. Zhao's raddish sold easily and were really popular among the commoners. Even some mercenaries buy from them. The high magic content was the reason why, and was also the reason why Laura's chain of shops got the name "Bana".



Due to the popularity and high sales of Zhao's magic radishes in all Bana shops throughout the Purcell Duchy, Laura was happy.



Just then, Nier came and said: “Miss, Little Thirteen just brought back a letter, possibly related to the situation in Fort Benniu.”



Laura was startled for a moment before taking the letter. The letter was really related to Fort Benniu's situation. It was the report sent by the spy they placed in Fort Benniu. Laura's complexion changed after reading just a few words from the letter. She turned around and excitedly said: “Nier, immediately call Granpa Kun, quickly!”



Nier doesn't know why Laura was excited and immediately complied. Before long, Kun came, and saw how Laura's been acting. He had been with her ever since she was young, so he knew that something significant happened, causing her to act this way. He immediately said: “Laura, what's the matter?”



Laura turned around and said while handing out the letter to Kun: “Grandpa Kun, a massive pest infestation occurred in the Ica plains, grain production are sure to be reduced greatly.”



Kun's facial expression immediately went serious, then quickly read the content of the letter. The letter stated everything happening in the Ica plains, including the movement of the Purcell clan. Kun now knew, that the Ica plains has met a disastrous calamity.



After carefully reading the letter twice, Kun put the letter down and looked at laura saying: “Laura, what do you think?”



Laura responded: “This is a great opportunity. Since there's a problem in the Ica plains, surely, food prices will go up. Right now, we should start hoarding food and grains, this way we can earn a lot.”



Kun did not speak and nodded, when suddenly, a clear and cool voice said: “Laura, that is not good.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 142




Chapter 142



Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World Chapter 142

Long Term Perspective

A pale-looking middle-aged man wearing a magic robe was standing outside the door while the three of them were in discussion. This blond and handsome gentleman was in fact Laura's father, Karen.

Karen usually doesn't care about anything aside from his magic studies. Today, after finishing an experiment, he went to get some fresh air. Unintentionally, he heard what Laura said and stopped by.

Laura looked at Karen. Seeing her kindhearted father, with his awfully sweet and spineless demeanor, she can't help but think that if not for his character, he won't be looked-down upon in the Aksu Empire.

Because of Karen’s disposition, he won’t allow Laura do dirty business, specially if it'll affect the commoners.

Even though Karen doesn't like to do business since childhood, since he grew up in the Markey Clan, he understood where Laura was coming from.

Laura immediately ran over towards her father and said: “Father, have you finished your experiment?”

Karen shook his head and said: “I almost succeeded. Probably, I only need to adjust one or two magic. I'm not talking about my experiment though, what I'm saying here is that you shouldn't hoard food, that matter is simply disagreeable, even if it gives us great profit.”

Laura smiled bitterly and said: “All right father, reset assured, we won't do it. My only fear is that because we didn't made that move, others will do so, and soon, we will lose our standing here in the Purcell Duchy.”

Karen replied firmly saying: “No matter if the others do it, we won't do it.”

Disappointed, Laura grumbles silently, apparently, she still wants to pursue this business strategy. Right then, Kun said: “Laura, your father is right, doing business like this is disagreeable.”

Shocked for a moment, Laura couldn't believe that even Kun opposed her idea. For businessmen, getting the maximum benefit out of this situation was obviously what they should do, so how come Kun was opposed to the idea too.

Kun was watching Laura's puzzled appearance, smiled and said: “Karen, Laura, please sit.” They sat opposite of Kun, just like how students were in front of their teacher.

Kun was looking at the two, slightly chuckled, then said: “Laura, for businessmen, maximizing profits is of outmost importance. That's what I had always told you, and probably the reason why you insist on pursuing the business strategy you proposed, right?”

Laura nodded, Kun then said: “Laura, you have to remember, a businessmen shouldn't just focus on maximizing profits, they should have a long-term vision and not be blinded by immediate interests. Right now, the effects of the infestation in the Ica plains would surely place the Purcell Duchy in a state of crisis, and as long as we sell the hoarded food supply, we'll make a small fortune out of this situation. But this strategy actually lacks a long term vision.”

Karen was not interested in this kind of topic, thus, while sitting there, he was actually not listening. On the other hand, Laura listened with great interest, but wasn't able to comprehend what Kun said.

Kun had given up on Karen, then told Laura: “Laura, the Purcell clan is a powerful force in the empire, and would be able to withstand this crisis. If we hoard food while they are experiencing this hardships, it is tantamount to adding insult to their injuries. This is already offending the Purcell clan, so even if we earned some today, in the future, we won't be able to smoothly cooperate with them.”

Laura was a smart woman and not a greedy merchant, unlike most, thus she understood what Kun said as she nodded in agreement.





>

Even though the Markey clan was strong, the real power in this world were those great old aristocratic families, wherein the Purcell clan belongs. Once they were offended, in the future, doing business in the Purcell Duchy would be difficult. Even after considering the relationship of the Markey clan to the Purcell clan, they will still be suppressed. This will directly hit the Higanbana store, after all, they were based in the Purcell Duchy.

After Laura nodded, Kun continued: “All these years of building our store's reputation, Higanbana, here in the Purcell Duchy, will go to waste. Establishing it wasn't easy, much more recovering it once lost. Right now, if we follow your suggestion, we might earn a little, but soon, it won't be possible to do business anymore.”

Laura was scared out of her wits upon hearing what Kun said. If the reputation of the Higanbana really would be tarnished, that would be tantamount to the lost of cooperation to both the Purcell clan and Zhao, which means they will lose everything in an instant.

Laura knew clearly, once she lose the business in the Purcell Duchy, her worst fear would come true, which was, being sent off by the clan to be married.

Kun was looking at the terrified Laura, then comforted her by saying: “Laura, you have to remember, pursuing the interest of being a businessman doesn't mean you'll do everything to get high profits. Some things are possible, some are not. So this time, we can hoard grains, but we should sell it at the normal price.”

As Kun said this, Laura nodded and replied: “Alright, we'll just do what you suggested, Grandpa Kun. Though even if we stock lots of supplies, the other merchants would also do the same. When the time comes, we won't be able to make the price stable once we sold all our stocks.”

Kun nodded and said: “For the meantime, let's immediately contact the suppliers and ask for at least four weeks worth of food supply. Even if we buy at a higher price, we will still sell them at the normal price.” Laura nodded and immediately wrote a letter which she passed to Nier to be sent out.

Although Karen was distracted, he has a background on being a merchant, that's why this time, what Kun said made him feel that it was the right decision. After all, Laura's decision as the head of the Higanbana chain of stores in the Purcell Duchy would affect a lot of people.

After sending out the letter, Laura walked in front of Kun and said: “Grandpa Kun, it seems like we must do something before the other merchants affect the price of grains. If the price increases by much, we'll be in trouble as we will have a hard time procuring grains.”

Kun agreed, nodding as he said: “The effect of the Ica plains infestation will definitely give trouble to the Purcell clan, and even if they want to solve it in a short time, it won't be possible. Once this happens, some greedy merchants would hoard the supply of food and spread the news to make the food shortage crisis bigger, increasing the burden to the commoners.”

Laura frowned, she wasn't sure of what to do next if that happens. Right now, what they can do was to stock as much food supplies as they can, so when the time comes that the prices of food increase, they can sell it at the normal rate.

After two days, contrary to what they believed, they were surprised to know that the other merchants didn't spread the news, as if they didn't knew of what's happening in the Ica plains.

However, Laura received a letter from her people stating that the surrounding grain-producing areas had begun to increase their prices. Even after bargaining, they weren't able to get some supplies as the bids of the other merchants were higher.

Sadly, Laura has no way to resolve this issue. Even if she really wanted to buy lots of grains, her funds were limited. Compared to the big firms who had the backing of some aristocratic families, she has none. Even the Markey clan won't give her help, thus she was no match for the other big firms.

Laura thought that she can just buy other grains that are cheaper, like the bamboo rice. Unfortunately, she couldn't even buy a single grain. Those big firms were very thorough that they even bought the bamboo rice at a high price.

Laura tried to talk to those big firms to discuss the stabilization of the price of food in the market, but as soon as she mentioned the issue, she was immediately ignored. Obviously, these firms would not miss this great opportunity to amass wealth. In the end, even if Laura tried her best to talk to other merchants, she wasn't able to as they were avoiding her.

Seeing the situation, Laura felt hopeless. She wasn't worried about what the commoners would eat, but rather, she was afraid that once their stocks ran out, the Higanbana store will lose its reputation.

Kun was really shocked to see that the big firms would act ruthlessly and stocked tons of grains, totally not caring of whether the commoners would live or die.

Now Kun understood why the firms didn't spread the news. It was so that they can prepare and stock tons of grains, thus increasing the price. Then, once the news gets out, they will profit greatly.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 143




Chapter 143





Chapter 143 - Late

Machine Translator: Shif

Editor: Argos Yesu





As a businessman, grabbing every opportunity to profit was very important. At the same time, one must know what opportunities to take and which matters had precedence over others. It simply meant taking the right opportunity at the right time while also using the appropriate means to make a profit. Otherwise, the desired result would not be met.



Furthermore, seizing these opportunities was the most important part of the process. Else, how would merchants ever find enough success in order to earn money? One must find out what people needed first, and which were opportunities. Then by offering some means of assistance, you can maximize the benefits.



This is what those big firms were waiting for. They will release the news of infestation as soon as the time was right, then greatly increase the price of food which will allow them to earn a huge profit.



What bothered Kun and Laura was that the Purcell clan had not made any decision to avoid this problem. Did they have enough food to deal with this? Or have they already stopped the infestation?



These days, the letters that were sent by the spies in Fort Benniu stated that there was no progress in the extermination. Rather, the infestation had already destroyed over tens of thousands of acres of wheat fields and the Purcell clan seemed to have no idea about how to resolve this crisis.



Kun and Laura were in the library, discussing about how to deal with the situation. Suddenly, a servant entered the room, bowed, and said, “Miss, the Purcell clan’s Foreign Affairs elder has asked to see you.”



Laura and Kun glanced at each other. They hadn’t expected the reaction of the Purcell clan to be this slow. Although it was slow, it was’t too late.



The Purcell clan had thought that they would be able to easily stop the infestation, so they weren’t that worried. Soon they discovered they were wrong. After mobilizing every force they could, they were still unable to stop this insect infestation. What's more, the infestation has now spiraled out of control.



Their next move was to begin stocking up on food to cope with the reduced food production. They had encountered such problems in the past, and immediately moved to start up discussions with the Chamber of Commerce. The discussion would aim to see if they would be able to prepare more food to cope with the oncoming food crisis.



But, the Purcell clan didn’t think that the large Chamber of Commerce would actually be unable to give them a clear answer. Instead, they seemed to avoid the issue which did anything except cause worry for the Purcell clan.



At the moment, the Purcell clan didn’t have any other means. They had already experienced food shortages several times in the past, but those situations were not as serious as what was happening now. This time it greatly affected the production in Ica Plains. Such a thing had never before been encountered.



It was precisely because of this that the large business firms acted a beat slower. Those groups were ready to make a killing in the Purcell Duchy, so how could they possibly let this opportunity slip by.



The Purcell clan took a step back and began to place restrictions on everything. At this time, the Purcell clan sent a contact to Laura, the clan’s only Foreign Affairs elder. As the Foreign Affairs elder was responsible for external affairs, he had a relatively high status. This was Stern Purcell.



Laura naturally understood why the other side had was coming and knew she had to receive him due to Stern’s high p





osition. Thus, she welcomed him into the parlour.



As Laura and Kun arrived, they saw Stern in the parlour, drinking tea. Although the Purcell clan faced a very difficult situation, given Stern's position as a clan elder, his ability to remain calm wasn’t bad.



Before, he had already met with different merchants of various large firms. Unfortunately, the results were unsatisfactory. While they seemed very concerned, Stern had a lot of experience and knew this was all sophistry.



It was clear that they were delaying their efforts to help. This time, to them, the Purcell clan was a large fish they needed to catch.



Although Stern was angered by the actions of those firms, he remained silent about it due to their strength. He didn’t say anything, but he believed the Purcell clan would be able to survive this crisis. One must know that the Purcell clan had a thousand years of history, which wasn’t a joke.



These merchants wanted to take advantage of the situation and make a small fortune. While the Purcell clan would lose a lot, if those firms wanted to shake the Purcell clan’s roots, it would be impossible. As long as the Purcell clan’s foundation survived, they could easily bounce back.



Don’t forget, the Purcell clan territory was now a duchy. If they wanted to do business here, they would have to deal with the Purcell clan’s taxes. While the large firms would be able to make a lot of money, they would still have future businesses within the Purcell Duchy. In the future, the Purcell clan could impose high taxes on them and sooner or later make up what they lost now.



Stern could not understand the reason why these merchants were acting like this towards the Purcell clan. Was it just for the money? He did not believe it.



These large firms had been on the mainland for many years, and not without reason. They shouldn’t have committed such an error, right?



Did they really want to destroy the Purcell clan?



Even while Stern had been thinking about these things, his face still looked as calm as usual. He was responsible for the external affairs of the Purcell clan. He had been trained from early on to never change his expression for anything, not even if Mt. Tai1 collapsed.



Just then, the sounds of footsteps could be heard. Stern looked up and saw Laura and Kun. He naturally knew them as they were the leaders of the Higanbana firm2 within the Purcell Duchy, which could be regarded as a large firm.



Stern also understood that Laura would know what the Purcell Duchy’s current business was for. The status of the firm wasn’t very high and even the large businesses looked down on them. In the Purcell Duchy however, the influence of the Higanbana firm was not small.



Laura walked in from the door to the right. She gave her courtesies to Stern and then said, “Laura has seen Stern elder. I have kept the elder waiting and ask the elder for forgiveness.”



Stern didn’t dare to put on a big act. He quickly stood up, turned to Laura, and returned the courtesy. “Miss Laura is too kind. Today, I have taken the liberty to visit. I hope the lady can forgive me.”



Kun and Stern also mutually greeted one another. Here, in the Purcell Duchy, almost everyone was aware of Kun's status. Stern naturally did not slight Kun.



After the small group sat down, Laura looked at Stern and said, “Stern elder, I know why you have come, but to be honest, there's nothing I can really do to help.”



Stern did not expect Laura to be so direct. It was the first time it happened. When dealing with those others of the large firms, if they weren’t spouting sophistry, then they first spoke for half the day before the talk turned to questions. He didn’t expect Laura to be the first to speak about the main subject.



Stern looked at Laura, puzzled, and asked “I don’t know what Miss Laura means?”



Laura watched Stern and smiled. “To be honest Stern elder, we already knew about the calamity that has befallen the Ica plains beforehand. I was ready to collect grains in order to help stabilize the Purcell clan’s future food shortage. Unfortunately, we didn’t think about the paws of others. I wanted to collect food, but the price has already risen greatly. Even if I wanted to receive food cheaply, I won’t be able to. Currently, Higanbana firm has enough stock to sell for seven days. After seven days, Higanbana firm will have no more food available for sale.”



Stern looked at Laura. He wanted to see if she was speaking truth or lies. Actually, he had already believed what she said. If nothing else, it was because she went straight to the issue. He didn’t voice these thoughts.



Looking at Laura, Stern said, “Do you really mean it, Miss Laura?”



Laura gave a bitter smile and said, “True or not true, Stern elder knows what kind of person my father is. This time, my father wanted me to stabilize the prices. It is unfortunate. While my hands have the capital, there is no way to do anything against those who are so reckless. Some time ago I tried to look for them to discuss this matter and try to stabilize Purcell’s public grain prices. Nevertheless, in the end I was refused. There really is no way.”



Stern had a gloomy expression. Then he coldly snorted and said, “They want to take advantage of the Purcell clan, do they think we are that simple? This time, as long as Miss Laura won't be involved in driving up the food prices, in the future, the Purcell clan will remember and will not treat you unjustly.”



Laura gave a wry smile and said, “I thank Stern elder. To be honest, I couldn’t help much for this current matter. But I will try and find a source of grains. If there is any progress, I will certainly meet with the Purcell clan. Please, Stern elder can rest assured.”



Stern looked at Laura. “Then I will represent the Purcell clan in thanking Miss Laura. If Miss Laura does find a source of grains, then the Purcell clan will support you financially.”



Laura sternly said, “Please rest assured Stern elder. If we do find another source of food, we will surely help stabilize the prices in the market. This isn’t just for the Purcell clan, but for the citizens of the Purcell Duchy.”



Stern stood up and said, “Alright, I'll say goodbye. I hope Miss Laura will do as promised.”



After taking care to say his farewells to the two, he turned and walked out.



Laura and Kun didn't send him off. Now they had to worry about the food problem. As Laura had said, the Higanbana store only had seven days worth of food stock. After seven days, one will not be able to find any such words like ‘cheap food’. You would only be able to find high-priced products and, as a result, the prices will begin to rise.



Sadly, they don't have any way to procure more supplies. The surrounding areas were owned by other large firms, so collecting cheap food from them was not possible. If they decided to buy from far away places, the costs of transporting the goods would be too costly and would just be priced almost the same as local high-priced food.



After two days, Laura still wasn't able to find any other sources of food. As she began to handwrite a letter, she turned to look at Kun and gave a wry smile as she said, “Grandpa Kun, it seems like this time, food prices would inevitably rise.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 144




Chapter 144



Chapter 144 – Green Enters the City

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Quinn John1 was helpless. In the past few days, they had tried to think of a way, but in the end they weren’t able to find affordable grains. It seemed that these prices that shouldn’t rise would eventually be risen.



Laura placed the letter down and forced a smile. ”The price of food is rising. If we do not increase our own prices, then we can only lose money. Although we had gotten some cheap food the last few days, the amount is too few. It can only last for ten days or so. After that, I fear we won’t be able to get even a grain of rice. When the news of the Ica plain incident gets out, I fear that those merchants will also begin.”



Quinn John gave a forced smile and said, “This is not the most fearful part. If there’s no production from the Ica plains, then the entire Purcell Duchy’s food requirements will be massive. Moreover, they need a minimum amount of grains stored for the next year. Food prices will fall for the next few months, but how much grain could the Purcell Duchy obtain? Such a large food deficit is enough to severely damage the Purcell clan. By the time that happens, how many commoners won’t be able to eat?2”



Laura also smiled wryly. They were now in a situation where they could not help and could only hope that the Purcell clan will survive this hurdle.



At this time, a servant walked in and said to Laura, “Miss, the warrior follower of Mr. Zhao Hai has asked to meet with you.”



Laura and Quinn John stared for a bit, then Laura immediately said, “Invite him in, quickly.” Laura had attached greater importance to Zhao Hai now. Before, when Laura arrived back from Stony Mountain, she immediately went to see the scaled wildebeest Green had kept here..



Laura’s observation made something clear; when Zhao Hai had said his scaled wildebeests were the best, he actually meant it. Zhao Hai's scaled wildebeest were really good. Even though their appearance seemed the same as normal scaled wildebeests, their endurance, speed, and even defenses were distinctly better. Even those level two magic beasts wouldn't necessarily compare to the scaled wildebeest.



It was precisely because of this that Laura attached greater importance to Zhao Hai. She really didn’t understand clearly how Zhao Hai was able to make such ordinary things so much better when they passed through his hands.



Soon, Green entered.



* * * * *



This time, Green was here to first deliver the oil to Laura. His second task was to buy sacks to load the corn. Lastly, he was also there to speak to Laura about the food issue.



Before coming, Green had gone to the Ica plains with Zhao Hai to observe the situation there. This time, they confirmed Ica plain’s inability to produce, something that was quite contrary to their expectations.



Zhao Hai had used Cast Pest around seven million square meters. He had thought that the damage would only spread to around seventy million square meters after considering the Purcell clan's ability to combat the infestation.3



When they came to observe the Ica plains however, they found out that the infestation was uncontrollable. Since they didn’t dare to move closer, they couldn’t fully understand why the pests had not already been exterminated. But what they were certain of was that the Purcell clan probably did not have a good method to oppose the insects.



Seeing the situation, Zhao Hai did not dare to be negligent. He went back into





the space and didn’t plant corn, but instead began planting bamboo rice.



Bamboo rice yields were higher than corn, but the problem was that bamboo rice could not be made into rice bran. Thus, their only output would be bamboo rice and some rice shells. The rice shells were not really useful either. Therefore, Zhao Hai hadn’t planted much bamboo rice. Now with the situation in the Ica plains, Zhao Hai started to plant bamboo rice on all fields in the space. Not even the Oil Nut trees were allowed to take up room.



The production speed of bamboo rice was very high. On an acre of land, over five thousand kilograms could be produced. Moreover, the space had unexpectedly given it a value of a level five crop and it matured in about ten hours. It was a single season crop. After maturing, you could only harvest it once and would need to plant another crop. In one day, you could harvest twice. In other words, Zhao Hai could get at least over ten thousand kilograms of bamboo rice per acre of land a day.



An input of ten thousand kilograms of food per acre was a lot, but Zhao Hai didn't intend to profit from it. This time, the situation in the Ica plains was all due to his actions. It had gotten out of hand, thus making his conscience feel restless.



Zhao Hai had saved around one million kilograms of corn and nearly half a million kilograms of bamboo rice. At this time, he made Green go to Casa City to handle the three matters. In additional, he was to observe the situation within Casa City.



Green, was currently rushing along with five scaled wildebeests pulling his carriages. Alongside him were several Zombies that drove the other carts. These Zombies really did look like any ordinary person. Only a high rank warrior or magician would be able to see through their presence. That was why Green dared to take them with him.



The carriage was full of nut oil that they would then sell to Laura. The nut oil Zhao Hai produced was much better than other nut oil, but Zhao haven't thought to increase its price. At least, now wasn’t the time.



Green was surprised when he saw the situation in Casa City. He thought that there would be people snatching away the grains, but that didn’t seem to be the case. Everybody were living their normal lives and there didn't appear to be any appearance of disorder.



Green also looked at the price list in the Higanbana firm and saw that the price hadn’t increased. This made him puzzled. Within his heart, he secretly thought, ‘Does the Purcell clan really have enough grains in their stores? How strange.’.



After Green revealed his identity and asked to see Laura, the servant did not dare to be neglectful. The servant immediately went to notify Laura, who then quickly invited Green to the backyard parlour room.



Green was guided by the servant and soon arrived at the door of the parlour. He found Laura, Quinn John, and Near already standing in the parlour, ready to greet him. Green didn’t put on any airs and stepped up to give his courtesies to Laura. “This one greets Miss Laura.”



Laura quickly smiled and said, “Sir is too polite. As sir has come to see me, I feel greatly honored. Sir, please come in.” As she said this, she directed Green to enter the parlour room.



After they sat in the parlour, Laura wasn’t polite and directly asked Green, “Sir, I don’t know what matter has made you come here to Casa City. Is there anything I can do to help?”



Green smiled and said, “Miss Laura is too polite. This time, we came to trouble you a bit. We had bought the oil press some time ago and have formally begun extraction. This time, I have with me ten thousand kilograms of oil and would like to ask Miss Laura to help sell them. I do not know if Miss Laura would agree?”



Laura was surprised for a moment and curiously said, “You have already begun producing! Sir’s movements really are fast. But please forgive me for being rude, I would like to check the quality of the nut oil first.”



Green smiled and said, “This is normal. The nut oil is something we have produced and I am very confident with it. Please, Miss Laura, go inspect the nut oil outside.” After he said this, he stood and directed them towards the outside.



Laura and Quinn John stood up and walked out the door with Green. By this time, Green had the undead move the carriages to the backyard and properly park them within the yard.



Laura looked at the coachmen zombies. She felt that they looked somewhat spiritless, but hadn’t felt anything unusual. Quinn John , on the other hand, identified them with just a glance. He knew that these warriors coachman that looked like ‘people’ were actually undead, and evidently zombies.



Laura was walking in front and Quinn John couldn't help but pull her hand. Laura looked puzzled at Quinn John, while Quinn John actually had a vigilant expression directed towards the zombies.



Quinn John, before seeing these zombies, knew that normal zombies weren't like these coachmen. Normal zombies had rotting bodies. On the other hand, these coachmen zombies looked like an average person, which meant that they were high ranked. High rank zombies were usually poisonous, and even just a little of this poison was very potent if it was touched by a human.



Quinn John definitely wasn't afraid of Green harming them, but he was worried that Laura might get infected by these zombies if she bumped into them. Since the corpse was poisonous, it made for a troublesome situation.



Green noticed their reaction, chuckled, and said, “Mister Quinn John doesn’t need to worry. They are my servants. They went through a special refinement, so their bodies won't release poison naturally. Only when they fight will they do so. Please don't worry.”



Quinn John relaxed, loosening his grip on Laura. Laura looked curiously at the coachmen. Then she turned her head towards Green and asked, “Sir, are you saying that these people are Mr. Zhao's servants? Are they undead?”



Green nodded his head and said, “They are. Master recently subdued them. With an arcane zombie refining method, they look just like a normal human being. In actuality, they are, in fact, undead.”



Laura didn’t have suspicions about what Green said. There were a lot of black magicians that used such mysterious black magic. There were even black magics that could refine undead. Although it couldn’t increase the rank of the undead, it could still make them easier to use.



In fact, black magicians on the continent have been seeking various ways to increase the rank of their undead. A lot of black magicians studied pharmacy and alchemy for this very reason, but without success. This undead refining method that could be used to enhance the level of undead through alchemy had, after so many failed products, made the many black magicians on the continent give up.



These zombies were not as scary as skeletons, so Laura couldn’t help herself in glancing at them curiously. Presently, these people were just standing there blankly after senselessly arriving with the carriage.



Green immediately brought down a big wooden barrel and placed it on the ground. Then he pried open the lid. Laura and Quinn John looked into the barrel and couldn’t help but nod.



Both of them were experts in this area. One look and they could see that the quality of the nut oil was great. Zhao Hai's nut oil was crystal clear, with no impurities and no odor. It clearly was a top quality oil.



Laura nodded and told Green, “Sir can place the lid back on the barrel. Please wait a little while as I get the payments ready. Please, come back inside the room.”



Green nodded, covered the barrel, and followed Laura back inside the room.





NOTES:



-This chapter was MTL'ed.



-For suggestions, please do drop a comment.



-Please give thanks to our editor for all his hardwork (specially on the footnotes).





1昆正 - Kun Zheng. Kun is not a nice western name so Quinn was a good western equivalent… Zheng means righteous, upright, good. I wanted to name him Good Quinn, but that’s… I assume the Zheng was supposed to show he’s someone with a good, upright status. Unfortunately, that’s near impossible for us to actually do… Esteemed Quinn… Zheng pronunciation can be found at Han Trainer Pro and we stretched it so it could be more western. His full name is always Kun Zheng so that’ll get annoying fast. So all you get is Quinn John… ↩



2 For you measurement nuts, the author switches between 3 different measurement systems. He uses Modern Chinese Units for weight and land space, Imperial and US Customary Measurement Systems for space's land space, and Metric Systemfor length and height. I switched out the modern Chinese units for all Metric System, leaving the space’s land as acres… (Imperial System).The raw was 10,000 mu which is then converted to 6,666,666 square meters or 1650 acres. I chose square meters as it’s a far better form of measurement… Square Kilometers would just be 7 square kilometers… Since the raw revealed an “unsure” tone to the measurement, I could just round the number up to 7 million. Down with imperial measurements! ↩



3 "If you are confused about the economics, please leave a comment.↩



4 Some editor math. The current yield of Zhao Hai’s farm is done by acre, and an acre equals 4050 square meters. When compared to the Ica Plains, Zhao Hai is speaking the tens for acres, while the Plains is in the thousands. He had initially used Cast Pest on 1650 acres in the Ica Plains, so you can see how much larger the two lands are. That being said, the space’s monstrous growth is unmatchable. While other land takes an entire season to grow a plot of Bamboo Rice, Zhao Hai can get around 100+ times more than that. Why did I do different measurements? Zhao Hai’s space grows by the Acre, but a better measurement for land, to me, is square meters.↩



5 妮儿 - is what we see as Ni'er. The pinyin in Ni Er. To make her name more western, like Quinn, Laura, Green, Meg and Meirin, we decided to change Nier/Ni’er to Near (the sound when pronouncing pinyin was the same as near).↩





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 145




Chapter 145



Chapter 145 - Possessing Food

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





After they returned to the room, Laura turned and said to Green, “The quality of Sir’s nut oil is really beyond my expectations. I hope that the oil you produce in the future could again be sold to me. I don’t know if this is possible? ”



Green smiled and said, “Of course. We had such a prior agreement already. Miss Laura shouldn't be worried, the nut oil that we produce will be sold to you.”



Laura nodded her head. “That’s good. After Sir goes back, please give my thanks to Mr. Zhao Hai.”



Green faintly smiled and said, “Miss Laura is really too polite. There is also another matter that I want to talk about that includes some business..”



Laura was surprised for a moment. “Sir, please go ahead and tell me.”



Green slightly chuckled. “My master recently heard rumors that the Ica plains had been under a pest infestation, and that the Ica plains won’t be able to produce any grains this year. Do you know if that is true or false?”



Laura was surprised for a moment. She didn't think that Zhao Hai could even find out about this information. She nodded and said, “It’s true, we have also received the message. This time, the infestation happening in the Ica plains is very severe. The type of pest is not known, and it has a very strong reproductive capability. For this year, Ica plains won’t be able to produce grains.”



Hearing Laura’s words, Green relaxed. He just asked Laura to see how she would answer and felt she was unreserved. This made him feel relieved as he said, “So have the prices of food here in Casa City gone up?”



Laura forced a smile. "It will. Sir, when I received the news we immediately moved to stock up on food. This was done in order to stabilize the food prices in Casa City, but the other firms were faster than us. They had started stocking up on grains ahead of time. The price will soon increase here in Casa City and I worry about this. If we follow the the rise and increase our prices, then we can indeed earn a large money for ourselves. But as a result, a lot of people in Casa City will suffer. If we don’t raise our prices, then we won’t be able to sell more grains."



Then she eyed Green. “Why does Sir ask this?” Laura couldn’t help but feel a bit excited. She almost stood up. With shining eyes, she continued, “Does Mr. Zhao Hai have food?”



Quinn John also looked firmly at Green.



Green showed a faint smile. “We have, in our hands, some food.”



After saying that, he ordered forward two undead who had followed holding two bags.



Green picked up the two bags and opened them, exposing the corn kernels in one and the cornmeal in the other. “Miss Laura, this is the food in our possession. The continent hasn’t seen this type before. This is corn, and that is cornmeal. You can directly add water to the corn kernels and boil it like rice, while the cornmeal can be used to make bread. Master has written down the procedures to do so.” He passed Laura a piece of paper.



Laura and Quinn John looked at the corn kernels and cornmeal in the bags. They were curious about how Zhao Hai was able to produce something they hadn’t seen before.



Laura immediately recovered, took the paper Green was handing out to her, and carefully read. The corn kernel approach was simple, but also a little more difficult than bamboo rice. Cornmeal was ever more simple. Laura understood how to eat the two.



Laura placed the paper down and turn





ed to Green to ask, “How much corn does Sir have?”



Green stretched out a finger and said, “Nearly one million kilograms, but unprocessed. Only a couple hundred thousand were processed1.”



Laura paced while muttering, “God helps me too, God helps me too.”



Quinn John was calmer than Laura at this time. He turned to Green and asked, “How much would the price of these grains be?”



Laura heard Quinn John’s question and stopped, turning around to look at Green. She was also afraid that the price might be too high, and that it couldn’t be used to help alleviating the food crisis.



Green smiled slightly while saying, “Master said he doesn’t want to see Casa City suffer and does not wish to see the people starving to death. Although the taste might not be very good, Master intends to sell it at the same price as bamboo rice. Of course, if you desire to sell it that low, we will also sell it to you at a lower price.”



After listening to what Green said, Laura bowed. She then stood up straight and said, “On behalf of the people of Casa City, I, Laura, would like to thank Mr. Zhao Hai. This time, our Higanbana stores do not want to make money, but only to sell the products of Sir, and to thank Mr. Zhao Hai for being righteous.”



Green forced a smile with a heavy heart. If they told Laura that it was them who started that insect infestation, it could be possible that Laura herself might pick up a weapon and try to kill him.



Green waved his hand. “Miss Laura is too kind. Along with this, after you sell all of the million kilograms of corn, we can provide one hundred seventy-five thousand kilograms of bamboo rice everyday, until the food crisis gets resolved.”



Laura and Quinn John were dumbfounded. They hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would actually provide one hundred seventy-five thousand kilograms of bamboo rice per day. This was not just one hundred seventy-five. With this amount of food, the Purcell Duchy would be able to survive through the food crisis.



Looking blankly at Green, Laura asked, “Sir, you are not joking, right? One hundred seventy-five thousand kilograms a day?”



Green nodded. “Yes, one hundred seventy-five thousand kilograms per day to help relieve the food crisis.”



Laura moved several steps forward. “This matter is very important. Before, I had an agreement with the Purcell clan that if I can find a grain source, I would immediately let them know in order to help them through this difficult time. Now that Sir is here to help, I believe that this crisis will be resolved. But I cannot take all the credit for it, so it would be better if I explained the situation to the Purcell clan.”



Green shook his head and said, “Miss Laura, please do not tell the Purcell clan about this. If you tell them, they will surely go to the Stony Mountain, and Master is not very fond of contacting others. Especially the Purcell clan.”



Laura had forgotten that before, the Purcell clan collaborated with several groups and sent an army to deal with Zhao Hai. She was aware that the best way to deal with Zhao Hai was to be frank and honest. It was unexpected that Zhao Hai would actually still wish to sell to the Purcell clan. That Zhao Hai wouldn’t like to meet the Purcell clan, however, was understandable.



Laura nodded her head and said, “Yes. Sir can rest assured, I will not let the Purcell clan disturb Mr. Zhao Hai. But this matter, I’ll still have to tell them so that they won’t find future trouble for Mr. Zhao Hai. Although Mr. Zhao Hai does not fear them, he’ll still be annoyed if he’s disturbed.”



Green nodded his head. “That’s alright then. Also, I would like to ask Miss Laura to help us prepare some sacks since, as you know, we have none. In regards to this, I ask for Miss Laura’s help.”



Laura nodded. “Don’t worry about that. My warehouse has a lot of sacks, I’ll just order for some to load onto the carriage immediately.”



Green stood up and said, “Sorry to bother Miss Laura. But rest assured, three days later you may come to get the grains.”



Laura nodded, also standing. “Then, I will not take up your time any longer. Since the city is still in this situation, I am too busy to leave. As soon as the matter gets resolved, I will immediately visit and personally thank Mr. Zhao Hai.”



Green smiled lightly. “Although Master is a black magician, he doesn’t want to see the commoners suffer. To be honest, for the food crisis this time, the impact on the nobles and the rich won’t be that big. We know that the Purcell Duchy has its own grain reserve, but because of those big firms, the price of food will inevitably rise. This will cause difficulty for the commoners, and many will become slaves. At this time, Master has used almost all the fields for planting bamboo rice, hoping that the commoners will be able to survive this difficult period.”



Laura sighed and said, "Yes. Ah, those civilians now live with the difficulties of the present. In the face of such a thing, and even harsher times, other firms will only be a machine that just know how to make money. They do not care about the life and death of those civilians."



Green looked at Laura, saying, “Miss Laura, if ever the time really comes that the commoners were willing to sell themselves and become slaves, please do pay attention to it. Find those that have skills. No matter what kind of craftsmanship, as long as they are slaves, you must leave them to their fates. Right now, Master does not have enough manpower and urgently needs such craftsmen.”



Laura didn’t think that Green would make such a request. She quickly nodded her head and agreed, “Well, that is not a problem. I will help Mr. Zhao Hai and pay attention.”



After talking, they walked out of the room. Outside, they saw Higanbana employees loading the sacks onto Green’s carriages.



As soon as the sacks were loaded, Green turned to Laura. “Miss Laura, I will now take my leave. Three days later, Miss can come get the food.”



Looking at Green’s back, Laura could not help but take a deep breath. She turned to Quinn John and said, “I did not think that Mr. Zhao Hai had such large capabilities. He can actually produce this much food which has solved our urgent matter.”



Quinn John nodded. “It looks like Mr. Zhao Hai may have a mysterious power of his own. Just like the elves, he could probably accelerate a crop’s maturity. Otherwise, it is impossible for Mr. Zhao Hai to obtain that much food. Laura, remember, this matter must not be made known by anyone. If others learned that he has such a mysterious ability, it’ll be dangerous. Even if Mr. Zhao Hai has a Rank Eight expert warrior along with him, Rank Eight does not mean invincible. In this world, Rank Nine is the strongest presence. With his method of speeding up plant maturity, it would be more than enough to make those big clans ask a Rank Nine expert to get rid of him2.”





Notes:



-This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice. Thanks.



-Please support the author if you love this novel.



-Please check out the Editor's footnotes, thanks.





1The raw says he raises “two” fingers and says 2 million jin. Since I converted to Metric system, it’s now just 1 finger and 1 million kilograms. ↩



2 I’ve decided to split how the power system and the space’s system are named. The space will stick with levels which makes sense since you need EXP and etc. to level up. For the power system, rankings will be used which places a greater importance on every rank and makes rank ups very rare and important. ↩





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 146




Chapter 146



Chapter 146 - Arriving at the Grand Duke’s Mansion





Rank Nine experts weren’t easy to please. Even if they were their own clan’s Rank Nine expert, it would not be an easy task. It depended on whether the benefits were big enough to make them act. If they could be enticed, then the Rank Nine expert could be asked to move.



On the continent, apart from the life magic of the elves, one wouldn’t hear of any such abilities related to simulating the growth of plants and animals. If one really did have this kind of magic, those large clans would try to rob it.



Although this mysterious magic looked common, the effect wasn’t small. Zhao Hai’s current use was for some low end agricultural products, which was a wrong way to examine it. If the large clans had this mysterious magic, it would be used to grow a lot of advanced magical plants which they would then refine into a massive number of medicinal drugs. These medicinal drugs were very expensive and could even promote an expert’s ranking. If a large clan mastered this mysterious magic, it would be possible that within a short amount of time they could obtain a large number of masters. The strength of the clan would increase sharply. Such a temptation was really too much.



According to Quinn John, who had many years of experience, as he listened to Green’s various explanations he had inferred boldly that Zhao Hai possibly mastered such a method that could accelerate a plant’s maturity.



It was impossible for Quinn John to think of such a thing as the space.



Green had also said that Zhao Hai refined the undead with a mysterious refining magic which made Quinn John have that misconception. He thought that Zhao Hai had possibly mastered making medicinal drugs, and that most likely Zhao Hai had his own refining technique.



Pharmacy and Alchemy, in the eyes of the ordinary people, were very mysterious. Even a master like Quinn John still thought they were mysterious. In his eyes, these master pharmacists and alchemists were a group of crazy people, a crowd that thought of everything and dared to do anything.



And a black magician that could do alchemy or pharmacy would be the craziest. These people could make anything happen, so you’ll never know.



Alchemists and Pharmacists made all sorts of strange and unusual things. Also, a lot of medicinal drugs were quite popular in the continent. Pharmacists inadvertently made discoveries, or a result could stem from experimental failures. If so, then there might be a medical drug that Zhao Hai made which could accelerate a plant’s maturity. He did not feel that was strange.



Quinn John didn’t think that Zhao Hai might be an elf. One must know that an elf was nature’s beloved. They were born with Life magic, and as such they loved life. Precisely because of this, they hated black magicians, although they didn’t actively attack them. On the other hand, they would not have any contact with them and wouldn’t learn any kind of black magic. Zhao Hai was a black magician; that in itself proved that he was not an elf.



Laura also knew of the importance of this matter, so she nodded and said, “Rest assured Grandpa Quinn. I won’t speak of it, but Mr. Zhao Hai is really quite different from the average black magician. If he didn’t have so many undead, I wouldn’t have believed he could be a black magician. Black magicians don’t have any regard for life, right? Why is Mr. Zhao Hai different from others?”



Quinn John was still smiling. “Not all black magicians disregard life, and light magicians also aren’t necessarily bright. A light magician’s misdemeanor is not any different from that of black magicians, bu





t they are covered in a layer of bright light.”



Laura nodded. He was right; before when Garan had discriminated against Zhao Hai, she thought he was disgusting. After listening to what Quinn John said, she naturally did not feel it was wrong.



Faith in the Ark Continent is very free. Some people believed in the god of light, some believed in the goddess of life, and magicians had their own, different beliefs. Many people even believed in the demon, Diablo. Laura’s own faith was in the god of knights. Naturally, this meant that the light magicians could not always be good.



Quinn John turned to Laura and said, “Laura, you go to the Purcell clan right now. Tell them of this matter — only us knowing about this is bad. As soon as some people release the news that the Ica plains won’t produce anything, it will then cause enormous panic. Everyone will begin to buy grain to save for themselves, creating a large demand for grains. Even if Mr. Zhao Hai supports us, it’ll be futile. When that time comes, the Purcell clan should come forward. In the name of an aristocrat, they should make everyone feel more emotionally stable. That will be the only way to stabilize the market.”



Laura nodded. She turned to Near and said, “Near, tell them to prepare the carriage. We’ll immediately go to the Purcell clan. If this thing goes well, the Purcell family will avoid heavy losses and we’ll become the largest firm in the Purcell Duchy.”



Near complied, turned around, and ran. Quinn John showed a faint smile. He was very clear; Laura had always wanted the Higanbana firm to be the largest firm in the Purcell Duchy. Only then would she have the qualifications to talk to her Markey Dell clan about conditions1. Now, the opportunity to be the biggest firm in the Purcell Duchy was here.



Quinn John also knew that it was very dangerous this time. The big firms had been very prepared, investing a lot of funds. If at this time, Laura could really get cheap food, then it was a big threat to them. In order to ensure that they would succeed, the big firms could resort to using some underhanded means.



This was exactly why Quinn John made Laura go and immediately contact the Purcell clan. This current situation involved the Purcell clan who were now out of danger. If Laura provides them such an opportunity at this time, they will certainly place more importance on them. They would surely provide Laura with protection and not allow her to get injured.



The strength of those large firms was certainly formidable. Within Purcell Duchy, however, Laura would be protected by the Purcell clan This was a clan with a great heritage, and Rank Nine experts. Even if those firms were unsatisfied, they wouldn’t dare make a move.



Laura’s posture was straight as she sat in the carriage that was headed towards the Grand Duke’s Mansion of the Purcell clan. The Grand Duke’s Mansion was situated in the northern part of Casa City, a very wide area. This place was the location of the clan’s core area. Naturally, Laura also brought the corn and cornmeal that Green had sent them, to make her findings more convincing.



The Purcell clan’s Grand Duke’s Mansion was magnificent. The exterior wall were nearly ten meters high with a huge gate similar to a city’s gate. On both sides of the gate were rows of armored warriors. Each of them had a minimum strength of Rank Six along with tall, strong, combative bodies.



They wore helmet and armor in a style similar with Green’s. The helmet had two curved horns pointed towards the sky, giving off a powerful appearance. Their hands held onto long handled, double edged axes. Each of those weapons had a weight around a fifty kilograms, an absolute heavy weapon. These soldiers seemed war-ready, their appearance similar to an iron-steel fortress.



A giant Benniu2 emblem hung above the gatehouse. This emblem was silver. Emblems on the continent followed a very specific color scheme. Golden-colored emblems represented the Royal clan..Silver emblems were for the large aristocratic clan’s usage. Azure emblems were for the common nobles, and black emblems for the quasi-aristocrats.



Laura’s carriage stopped in front of the Grand Duke’s Mansion. A servant immediately ran out of the door from the Grand Duke’s Mansion. These warriors were responsible for security, so receiving guests was not their job.



The servant stopped in front of Laura’s carriage and immediately bowed. “Welcome, Miss Laura, to the Grand Duke’s Mansion. May I know what your ladyship is here for?”



Searle3, who was beside the carriage, jumped down from his horse. He said to the servant, “The young lady has an immediate matter and needs to speak with your Stern elder. Is the elder here right now? ”



Whether it was Laura of the Markey Dell clan, or the Purcell clan within the Duchy, both were regarded as a major power. Both sides were also very familiar with one another and Laura had long since been recognized by the servants. Thus, Searle didn’t say too many pleasantries.



The servant immediately nodded his head and said, “The elder just came back. Miss Laura, please come in.”



Having said that, Laura’s carriage was directed towards the Grand Duke’s Mansion.



Upon entering the Grand Duke’s Mansion, there was a military practice field which was a common sight among the large aristocratic mansions. From this point, one could see that the people of the continent really esteemed the military and its warriors.



Laura did not stop at the military practice field, but went straight inside the Grand Duke’s Mansion. This military practice field wasn’t just a military practice field, but had its own strategic purpose. When war comes, this military practice field could turn into the staging ground for soldiers. In an instant, it could be converted into a battlefield.



The second gate, the palace gate, was the parking area. Searle stopped with the carriage. Laura and Nier went down from the carriage and followed the servant who led them towards the parlour room. Searle followed behind.



Guests that were allowed to come in from the second gate were close to the Purcell clan. After the second gate and past the third gate was the inner chamber where the Purcell clan members lived. This was an area no average person could enter.



Laura arrived in the parlour room and seated herself. The servant then immediately called for the master. Stern came in from the outside and Laura quickly stood up as they greeted each other.



Laura said to Stern, “Laura takes the liberty to visit and has disturbed you. But there was an important matter, so I ask the elder to forgive me. ”



Stern smiled and said, “Miss Laura is too polite. You can come whenever you please. What has Miss Laura came here for? Is it about the matter of the grains?”



Laura smiled then said, “Elder really is fierce and has actually guessed it correctly. There has been progress on the issue.”



Stern, who had just sat down, was stunned for a moment. The day before yesterday, he had gone to see Laura and she said she could not help. After just two days, Laura now said there was progress, which was really unexpected.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 147




Chapter 147



Chapter 147 - The First Move

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Stern looked at Laura and said, “You’re not kidding, right, Miss Laura?”



Laura smiled slightly. "This matter, I really cannot joke about it. I have truly found a food source, except that these grains are quite different.



Laura clapped her hands and Searle immediately took out two sacks. Laura opened the sacks and explained to Stern, “This is the grain I have found. The method to make it edible is very simple.”



Stern took the paper from Laura’s hand, his sight not leaving the sacks of corn kernels and cornmeal as this was the first time he had seen such grains.



It took a moment before Stern completely recovered and then he carefully read the paper in his hand. There weren’t many words and the method seemed quite simple as Stern finished reading.



After reading, Stern placed the paper down and looked at Laura, asking, “Miss Laura, how much would these grains be?”



Laura lightly smiled and said, “These grains were from my friend and he stated that he doesn’t want to see the citizens of the Purcell Duchy suffer. Therefore, he took out one million kilograms and placed the price at the same as the common bamboo rice.“



Stern began to breathe rapidly as he became excited. He immediately said, “Miss Laura, can I have the pleasure of seeing your friend?”



Laura looked at Stern and understood what he meant, but shook her head. “I’m sorry Stern elder. My friend does not like dealing with people. But rest assured, I can guarantee that he has the food.”



Stern also knew that this request was somewhat impolite and immediately moved on. “Alright, but this thing will be quite laborious. May I know what help Miss Laura requires?”



Laura nodded and said, “Stern elder has possibly already known that once the news of the Ica plains infestation comes out, everyone in the Purcell Duchy will surely panic. When this happens, our Higanbana firm can do nothing about it, so we’re asking the Purcell clan to act first.”



Stern nodded his head, saying, “That’s not a problem. Please don’t worry about it Miss Laura. But to be honest, Miss Laura, a million kilograms of these grains won’t be sufficient.”



Laura smiled. “Please don’t worry Stern elder, after the million kilograms are sold, my friend said that he will provide one hundred seventy five thousand kilograms of grains to us every day. That should be sufficient, right?”



Stern laughed and said, “Enough, it’s enough. Miss Laura, please do send my thanks to your friend.”



Laura smiled slightly saying, “Elder, worry not, Laura will definitely do so. We set three days in the future as the time for when I shall leave to get the grains. I would like to ask the elder to help us with security. ”



Stern understood what Laura meant. A coldness flashed in his eyes as he said, “Miss Laura, please do not worry. In the Purcell Duchy, no one can defy the Purcell clan.”



Laura nodded, stood up, and said, “Then Laura bids farewell and asks the elder not to worry. Although my friend and the Purcell clan has a little friction between them, he will not lie in regards to this matter. I will stake my own life as guarantee.”



Stern was surprised for a moment as he didn’t quite understand what she meant. This friend of Laura, who had a v





ery good relationship with her, actually had a small grudge with the Purcell clan?



The words here made Stern’s complexion change as he thought of someone. Sometime ago, this person who lived outside Casa City made the Purcell clan face defeat.



Now more convinced, that person who had a grudge with the Purcell clan was also the same person that had a very good relationship with Laura..Some time ago, Laura had contacted that person, and that person had also produced a particularly good magic radish. Since that man also saved Laura’s life, Stern hadn’t cared if they did have some contact.



It now appeared that Laura’s source of grains was that man. After making these conclusions, Stern couldn’t sit still and immediately stood up while shouting, “Send someone to investigate all of the people that Laura had recently contacted, quickly!”



Soon, servants reported their findings to Stern. Among Laura’s most recent contacts, only Zhao Hai and his warrior follower stood out. Stern understood that Laura’s grains surely came from Zhao Hai.



After determining this point, Stern’s face couldn’t help but get ugly. Now that he knew what Laura meant before, he understood that Laura knew he would soon found out where she obtained the grains. She even told him he couldn’t speak to the source. Except, would saying this make Stern feel more relieved?



Definitely not!



This time, how could Stern possibly believe it when the grains came from a personal enemy of the clan. He immediately told the Purcell clan’s elders assembly, since this matter was beyond his capabilities.



Laura had already perceived that the Purcell family would investigate the source of the grains, but she wasn’t worried. Right now, if the Purcell clan won’t work with her, then they could only watch as the other large firms tear the meat from their bodies. This would be intolerable for the Purcell clan.



Great and large aristocratic nobility had their own pride. This time, the chamber of commerce’s large firms had joined together against them. Although the Purcell clan couldn’t use force, they wouldn’t just stand around and face this shame. Seeing the chance to fight back, how could they miss it?



The decision of the Purcell clan wasn’t out of Laura’s expectations. Even though they had a relatively large hatred towards Zhao Hai, the large firms were far more excessive at the moment. So, the Purcell clan decided to solve the issue with the large firms first, then with Zhao Hai later.



Like any other large clan, in the eyes of the Purcell clan, there were no permanent enemies, only permanent interests. They would sacrifice everything just to meet the interests of the clan. Even if Zhao Hai exterminated a hundred of their own people, or even if it were a thousand, as long as the benefits were greater they would immediately became friends with Zhao Hai. Such is the survival principles of the large clans.



So when Laura went to the Purcell clan the next day, Stern, this time, discussed the cooperation matter with Laura.



Seeing how Stern reacted made Laura understand what the Purcell clan planned to do. She ignored that topic and only discussed the terms and details of their cooperation.



After the discussion, Laura immediately left for Stony Mountain to gather the grains. This time, while they were delivering the grains, experts from the Purcell family were there to protect them.



After Laura’s caravan left, the Purcell clan announced that the infestation in the Ica plains never happened and that the production of grains was still ongoing.



When this news came out, it shook the world. Not only within the Purcell Duchy, but also in the surrounding areas. People in the surrounding areas had surely understood why the price of the grain had gone up. It was because some time ago, the large firms began hoarding that grain.



But then the Purcell clan announced their news. Although they knew that the Ica plains won’t have any grains being produced, they said that their supply of food would have no problems and they guaranteed a steady supply.



Even though they announced it, the food consumption in the Purcell Duchy was still quite big. Thus, the price of grains slowly rose, but not very high. It was due to the Purcell clan and Higanbana firm’s efforts in simultaneously selling grains at a fair price. The Purcell clan placed a limit on all the Higanbana shops and Purcell clan’s food stores. Only those who held proof of residence in the Purcell Duchy could buy from there, and they could only buy a limited amount.



This was the method Laura and the Purcell clan had thought out. They spread the news of the Ica plain situation first, then started selling grains at a fair price. For fear that the large merchants might buy tons and resell them, they could only use this certification and limitation method.



This method really caught the large firms unprepared. These firms hadn’t expected the Purcell clan to still say they could produce grains. This play of cards didn’t fit what they had expected, placing them in chaos.



These firms had even thought the Purcell clan had begun to dip into their stockpiled wartime provisions. When they wanted to increase the price of grains, the Purcell clan could immediately move to control it.



The wartime provisions in every territory, whether large or small, would not be less than ten thousand kilograms. One wouldn’t usually use this reserve because it was meant for war and combat preparations. If you easily used up the reserves, then soldiers would not have access to food when war came. Thus, the soldiers would be weakened and it would be easy to subjugate the territory.



Although recently there hadn’t been any wars, the Purcell Duchy shouldn't just use their wartime provisions. The duchy was situated in the northern area of the Aksu empire. To the east it faced the Black Wastes which had no risk of conflict. The west and south were the areas of two other nobles, the Kousa and Polanton clans1, which as a rule won’t have any conflicts. At the northern boundary, however, was the Beastfolk Prairies2 which were not so peaceful.



The beastfolk were militant. Although they could get along well with the Terrans3, the condition in the Beastfolk Prairies were harsh. Beastfolk primarily grazed, but also had to encounter disasters. Their way of life was difficult, which was why they plundered the south.



The Purcell clan, like any other noble clan, made rapid development when having a great relationship with the beastfolk. At the same time they raised massive armies as defense against beastfolk raids.



In the past few years, however, the situation in the Beastfolk Prairies was very good. Meaning, there were less raids towards the south. Due to this, the Purcell clan enjoyed very lucrative business with the beastfolk.



Even so, the Purcell clan should not spend their wartime provisions4. This meant risking the Purcell clan’s safety. If it was just to save some gold, then it wasn’t worth it.





Notes:



-This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice. Thanks.



-Please support the author if you love this novel.



-Please check out the Editor's footnotes, thanks.





1克萨 - Kè sà. Pronunciation is closer to Koa than Ke or Ki. 波兰顿 - bōlán dùn. The bōlán part is actually used for Poland and the dùn is how it looks, maybe with a sharper sound on the d. Together, I just removed the d in Poland and replaced it with Ton… so you get Polanton. Not that I think this will matter, ever.↩



2 兽人 - Shòurén and 兽人草原 - Shòurén Cǎoyuán. One of the translations for this term, Shòurén, is Orc and that these were the Orc Prairies. This is wrong. Shòurén literally means Beast People and later parts of the story will reveal that each of the groups of this race will have characteristics matching their tribe’s name. The term we will use is Beastfolk instead of Beastmen because we want to make the race distinct from “men” or humans. If you think that we’re wrong and that it should be orc, then just think about the Hawk tribe which fricken flies.↩



3 人族 - Rénzú. Lit. Terrans. Now as some may have noticed, we term all of the races in lowercase. For example, elves, humans, dwarves, and beastfolk. There is a grammatical reason for this, and that is because these terms don’t have any noun basis for them. Terrans is for Terra, the same way you’d have Martians for Mars. If it’s a race, then you’d have Chinese (China) or Mongols (Mongolia). On the other hand, elves, humans, and beastfolk are not derived from a location. While you may note the “Beastfolk Prairies”, it won’t really work because one was named after the other. Terrans were named after Terra, but it’s highly doubtful the Beastfolk were named after the Beastfolk Prairies.↩



4 战备粮来应急 - Zhànbèi liáng lái yìngjí. Basically means War Prepared Food for Emergencies… However, that is extremely wordy. The term 战备粮 - Zhànbèi liáng will just be Wartime Provisions. While the main use is in its use during war as emergency rations, as stated, it could also be used for immediate relief. At least, that’s another common use for it...↩





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 148




Chapter 148



Chapter 148 - Lively Stony Mountain





The large firms didn’t know why the Purcell clan had to do this. This was just too risky, and in their evaluations, the Purcell clan wouldn’t dare take such a risk just because the large firms wanted to increase the price of food. Unexpectedly though, the Purcell clan did do it.



Two days later however, these large firms finally knew why the Purcell clan dared to take the risk of selling cheaply. They really did have the grains. Furthermore, it was around at least several hundred thousand kilograms. Even though it wasn’t a lot compared to the food requirements of the Purcell Duchy, it was able to stabilize the mood of the citizens.



The grains that the Purcell clan brought out was naturally the corn that Zhao Hai produced. Zhao Hai wouldn’t give Laura the unprocessed corn. Otherwise, the amount transported to Laura would have been more. Zhao Hai wouldn’t have this so he only gave Laura the corn that was processed.



This was also due to Zhao Hai’s personal selfishness. There was no corn on the Ark Continent, so if Zhao Hai gave Laura unprocessed corn, Laura might try planting them herself. By that time, Zhao Hai wouldn’t be the only one who could produce corn, which would depreciate its value in the end.



Zhao Hai, however, didn’t process the cornmeal. Instead, he just skinned the corn to the navel, and then processed it into corn kernels and let Laura use it however she wanted. If Laura wanted to get cornmeal, then she could just grind it on her own.



With the addition of these new grains, the price for food stabilized within the Purcell Duchy. But these large firms didn’t try to be patient. They moved to buy these new grains for themselves. This officially began the food war within the Purcell Duchy.



These days, Zhao Hai had been very attentive about the situation in Casa City. He also observed the Ica plains for several days. His observations showed that the pests he summoned really made it so that nothing could be produced. The entirety of the Ica plains, nearly 700 square kilometers, were infested and nothing was spared1.



Zhao Hai really didn’t think that such a small insect could have so much destructive power. This destructive power was just too astonishing. For about two weeks, the entire Ica plains were infested and none of the crops remained. But these insects actually hadn’t died yet since the space had set their lifespan for a specific time. They began to attack the windbreak zones2 that the Purcell clan painstakingly built.



These pests could even devour a tree. Though the speed of doing so could not compare with their speed of eating the crops, the damage to the trees wasn’t small.



Zhao Hai was, in fact, not in control of these insects. He found out that he could only kill them with his pesticide and that his pesticide was quite formidable when used on those insects. This was unlike in the game where you couldn’t kill the insect that you placed. Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to help the Purcell clan in exterminating them however, since the crops had already been thoroughly eaten and killing them wouldn’t make any difference.



After the matter in the Ica plains had been solved, Zhao Hai placed all his attention on Casa City. He looked after the bamboo rice everyday, and even though he was not ready to process it himself, he let Laura take it and process them in his stead. This was because the bamboo rice was not something only he had, so he wasn’t worried about the issue of it being leaked out.



After calculating the time when he had used Cast Pests on the Ica plains till now, it had al





ready been half a month. It was now the time to let Green visit the Purcell clan to break off the engagement.



While he thought about this, Green came in from the outside and told Zhao Hai, “Master, the army is gone. Today’s bamboo rice has been transported away.”



Zhao Hai nodded his head. Several days earlier, the corn had been completely sold out by Laura. Now, Laura’s caravan would have to come here everyday to take away the bamboo rice.



However, Zhao Hai would never let them go into the Stony Mountains. He would just let them wait at the foot of the mountain and, under the cover of the Fog of Darkness, place the grains. Then he’d pull back the fog towards the mountain, allowing the people there to take the food and transfer them into the sacks and carriages that were provided by Laura.



Nowadays, the caravan would go from Casa City to the Stony Mountain everyday. It carried back a massive amount of grains to each of the cities within the Purcell Duchy while being guarded by the cavalry.



The foot of the Stony Mountain had almost become a small town. There was a temporary shelter that the Purcell clan built which allowed the slaves to eat, live, and work there in order to continue their job of loading the grains. Everyday there would be almost a couple hundred thousand kilograms of grain that had to be loaded. This wasn’t something that, fewer slaves would be able to do.



The slaves were the slaves from the Ica plains that the Purcell clan then transferred here. All of the crops had been infested in the Ica plains, and even spread so they attacked the woods. Even if they want to plant new crops there, they wouldn’t dare. So the Purcell clan transferred the slaves here, making them load the grains.



Zhao Hai didn’t manage them, but had laid a strict rule that the no one should go to the west side of Stony Mountain. Since the Purcell clan needed Zhao Hai’s cooperation now, no one dared to disobey.



Zhao Hai had to do this in order to create an illusion for the Purcell clan that hinted that side as the passage used to transfer the grains within Stony Mountain. If he didn’t do this, he would have had no way to explain how Stony Mountain could continuously provide food.



Leaving behind such a channel, the Purcell clan could not see how the grains were transported to Stony Mountain. But there was a kind of explanation; on the continent, there was something called a ‘space’ being used.3



Green looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Master, the price of grains are now stable in Casa City, but those big firms aren’t honest. They are probably still trying to find a solution, and I heard recently that they’re going to deal with us first.”



Zhao Hai shook his head. “Nevermind that. Now the Purcell clan is more nervous than us. If they believe that those people will come at us, then the Purcell clan will tidy them up. Right, Grandpa Green. Tomorrow, you should go to Casa City and withdraw the engagement.”



Green nodded and said, ”Yes Master. Don’t worry, I’ll go tomorrow. And Master, you said that we shouldn’t be in Casa City. Aren’t you establishing a transfer point?”



“It is a good idea,” Zhao Hai said, nodding, “but I do not want to place a transfer point in Casa City now. I think in the coming two days, we should make a trip to Casa City and select a transfer point then. ”



“That’s good,” Green said. “As long as we got a transfer point in Casa City, we can directly place the grain there. The people here would then be able to withdraw. Right now, there’s a lot of people around here in Stony Mountain. I’m afraid that they’ll find something.”



Zhao Hai nodded. “Alright, I’ll do that. Tomorrow, you should go break off the engagement, then we will go to Casa City. I just don’t know if this engagement can be so easily withdrawn.”



Green smiled and said, “It should be really easy to withdraw it. Although right now we’re providing food to the Purcell clan, their issues have increased greatly. Furthermore, it is them that wanted to withdraw this engagement in the first place, so they shouldn’t make things complicated.”



Zhao Hai sighed. “I hope everything goes well. I fear the Purcell clan will embarrass you, so it should be convenient to let Grandma Meirin to go with you. Right now I don’t want to make a move just yet. If there is nothing else, I just want you to take care.”



Green shook his head. “No, if Meirin came with me, then the Purcell clan would be suspicious. Let’s leave behind Meirin. They would think Meirin is protecting you. Moreover, even if Meirin didn’t come, they would still think twice before they attack me.“



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Tomorrow, I’ll let a few of the Night Shades4 accompany you. I believe that with their current strength, they could sneak inside Casa City without anyone knowing with ease. If the Purcell clan wants to attack you, they can lend a hand. ”



This time, Green didn’t refuse. Green also knew that the Purcell clan was not a good bird5. Once he breaks the engagement, the Purcell clan might reason that they lost face and attack him. Since Meirin wouldn’t be present, they wouldn’t dare to kill him, maybe just injure him.6



For the Purcell clan, it was a very good opportunity to do so once Green broke the engagement. They could just use it as a pretext to attack the Buda clan. In any case, there wasn’t anyone who would speak up for the Buda clan. Moreover, the Buda clan only had Rank Eight experts, no Rank Nines. Even if the Buda clan gets mad, they weren’t afraid.



In the eyes of the Purcell clan, the Buda clan was the same as the commoners that they could bully. There was no proper successor to the Buda clan head. Though their power was a little strong, one would only have to use a little strength in order to bully them.



The next morning, Green went out of the Stony Mountain. Although the outside of Stony Mountain was still lively, Green wasn’t afraid since he was a peak Rank Eight expert warrior. It can be said that as long as there were no Rank Nine experts used to get rid of him, there would be few who could match him here on the continent.



Fearing that Green might get into an accident, Zhao Hai deliberately let Green go out with his Ghost Cane7. Regardless of what happens to Green, Zhao Hai would be the first to know and he could easily send Green back into the space.



Moreover, Green bringing the Ghost Staff was tantamount to bringing the space into Casa City. As long as the marriage proposal was withdrawn, they could later change their identity and find a warehouse within Casa City. Later on they could use the transfer point to directly send grains to Casa City, thus avoiding the liveliness around Stony Mountain that resembled a marketplace.



From Stony Mountain, Green walked towards Black Mountain Fortress8 via the Casa City Official Road. Then he went back into the space and quickly changed his clothing. He took off his helmet, armor, and warrior clothes and put on a butler suit. He combed his hair meticulously, and then left a very fine sword attached to his waist.



This was a rapier. Although it looked like the kind that the aristocrats used for etiquette, those were designed for decoration and were useless as a sword. But people who knew Green also knew clearly that this sword was not as simple. Instead, this sword was a rare weapon that the Buda clan owned.



The whole sword was made of a very special metal. Moreover, it had passed through some magic refining and was of use for wind element warriors. If a magic crystal stone was embedded on the sword’s hilt, then one could use the wind magic Wind Bladedge technique, thus making it a magic weapon. This was Green’s famous weapon, named the Spiritwind Sword. Green was nicknamed the Spiritwind Battle General9.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 149




Chapter 149



Chapter 149-The Buda Clan Visits





Obtaining the nickname Spiritwind Battle General was not only because Green was a wind type warrior, or that he used the Spiritwind Sword, but rather because he had actually been in the army. He fought bravely in battles, and thus was called the Spiritwind Battle General. From this name, one can sense that deep military flavor.



Not to mention, after Green changed his clothing, he gave off a very different feeling. He became a serious and rigid old housekeeper. Adding his straight physique and posture when seated, these well-mannered ways gave off a heavy military feeling that radiated off his body.



Zhao Hai looked at Green and couldn’t help but smile. He said, “Grandpa Green, this is just like your original image. Ha ha ha.”



Green looked at his outfit. ”It has been quite a long time and since I haven’t worn these clothes, I really might not be used to it. Ha ha.”



Because of the ‘space’, Green had now seen some hope in their futures. Unlike when Zhao Hai had just awoken, Green was much happier now, even when he seemed serious.



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I think the warrior clothes looked better on you, Grandpa Green. Soon, we’ll buy a horse for you to ride instead.”



Green shook his head and said, “Master, I do not need it. I will go now.”



“Grandpa Green, be careful,” Zhao Hai said with a shake of his head.



Green nodded back and Zhao Hai sent him out of the space. Green, using an agility movement1, departed straight for Casa City.



Zhao Hai went from the space to Fort Iron Mountain2. Here at Fort Iron Mountain, the past few days hadn’t been that busy. Corn processing had been completed while the bamboo rice didn’t need to be processed. Zhao Hai placed most of his attention into oil extraction.



Now that the fort’s restoration had been completed, the slaves could relax a little. The castle, however, was obviously a bit overcrowded. This wasn’t because of anything else but that the castle now had a the large number of rollers3 and millstones used for corn processing.



But those slaves also had other things to do, such as help with the valley’s land renovations that needed to be completed. Zhao Hai only took twenty slaves for the work. Since Zhao Hai hadn’t completely restored the status of the slaves back into commoners, he selected two among them to manage the slaves. These two were good sentries here at Fort Iron Mountain. They were the first to find out about the attack by the Magic Beasts. The two were a man named Leen4, and another called Set5.



The twenty slaves were all male, no female. Since the valley was relatively close, Zhao Hai intended to let the slaves work in shifts. This made the work not so difficult as it was just checking on the corn crops that were planted in the valley.



The rest of the slaves usually took care of the blue-eyed rabbits in the mine tunnels. In order to ensure that the blue-eyed rabbits lived healthily, the water that the blue-eyed rabbits drank was the kind that Zhao Hai provided, which was the water from the space. What they ate was space produced radish leaves, and also a mixture of rice bran and oil that was added to their feed.



Zhao Hai now had a total of fifty thousand blue-eyed rabbits in the mine tunnels along with six thousand matured blue-eyed rabbits that were saved in the space. The blue-eyed rabbits in the space weren’t being taken care of by the slaves, but those in the mine tunnel were.





>

Those fifty thousand blue-eyed rabbits did not occupy a small area, but they were relatively clean Magic Beasts. They frequently cleaned their own nests. Thus, the eighty slaves weren’t that busy.



Zhao Hai could trade the blue-eyed rabbits that he had, but Laura had been too busy as of late. Thus, he hadn’t contacted her about the processing of the meat, which meant the rabbits weren’t sold. Zhao Hai wasn’t anxious; even if those blue-eyed rabbits couldn’t be traded, he could still make the slaves improve their cooking by using the rabbits up.



In fact, the standard of living of these slaves were even better than some of those commoners on the continent. Zhao Hai’s Cooked Food Rules set aside a little meat every week for them to eat, which was something rarely seen for the continent’s commoners. Moreover, everyone was guaranteed something to eat, and they could even eat however much they wanted.



Now that the slaves’ standard of living had improved a lot, Zhao Hai had begun to give a lot of other commodities to these slaves. This allowed the slaves to have their own room, own clothes, own quilt, and to even have their own tableware. These insignificant things, in the heart of the slaves, were very important. This was because those items became their very first properties.



Yes, in the eyes of these slaves, those insignificant things, their new personal properties, were their very first personal items. It was obvious that they would show importance to these things



* * * * *



Two flowers blooming, each table can only have one!6



Speaking of Green, he moved with a feeling of urgency all the way. This time he didn’t need to be careful and even had to appear with great fanfare. Anyways, since he was using his own identity, there was no need to hide.



Green’s Peak Rank Eight strength was now being completely revealed. All that the pedestrians would be able to see is smoke drifting from side to side. They didn’t actually see who the person was. From this point, one could see how fast Green was.



On the Ark Continent, everyone had some level of martial talent, even an ordinary farmer. Upon meeting an expert, even if one were a slave who couldn’t learn martial arts, they wouldn’t feel any fear from the expert. This showed that such an experience was common. Although all they saw was smoke drifting from side to side, no one was scared. They knew it was an expert on their way, and they could only feel envious.



Green was quick. Evening of that same day, he had arrived in Casa City. Unfortunately, the city was closed now, so Green didn’t enter. He found a place outside the city and then entered the space. Then he slept the night away in the space before entering Casa City the next morning.



Green entered Casa City and didn’t go anywhere else but directly to the Grand Duke’s Mansion. The Grand Duke’s Mansion was the same one where Laura had gone to. There hadn’t been any changes.



Green’s outfit was very appealing. People on the continent had seen nobility before, and naturally, knew this outfit of Green’s. He was a legitimate aristocratic steward, but everyone was curious since they didn’t know who Green was.



It was common that an aristocratic steward, when going out, would generally bring the Clan’s Emblem. Green hadn’t even ridden in a carriage. Instead, he was walking which was rare.



When Green reached the gates of the Purcell clan, he took out an emblem from his pocket. This emblem wasn’t large, but it was azure colored and marked with an angry dragon baring its teeth.



The guard who was in front of Green saw it and was stunned for a moment. He looked strangely at Green. This Clan Emblem was known throughout the continent as it was the emblem of the Buda clan. Before, the Buda clan and the Purcell clan had a good relationship. They also had a number of exchanges and these guards had also already seen and knew of the Buda clan’s dragon emblem.



But a calamity had befallen the Buda clan. They had been exiled to the wilderness of the Black Waste, so there was no further contact. The Purcell clan was a large aristocratic clan within the Aksu Empire. Their title of Grand Duke was hereditary, so they had a silver emblem.



Previously, the Buda clan was of the Marquis rank. Therefore, they could also use a silver badge. Now, however, they were reduced to the title of Baron and therefore could only use the azure badge.



The complexion of the guards was strange for a reason. They knew Green’s identity, and they also knew that the Purcell clan was prepared to break off the engagement with the Buda clan. But this time, the Buda clan came and they had no idea why the Buda clan did so.



As two porters saw Green, the two welcomed him immediately. Then one of them quickly ran inside.



The porter quickly walked in front of Green and bowed, then asked, “I don’t know which member of the Buda clan this is. What matters do you have that would bring you to the Purcell clan? ”



Green looked at the guard and said, “Myself is the Buda clan’s head servant, Green Buda7. This time, I represent the current head of the clan and am looking for the Grand Duke of the Purcell clan to discuss an important matter.”



The porter did not dare to be neglectful and immediately said, “Sir, please sit inside. Others have already gone to inform the elders.”



Green nodded and entered the mansion’s lounge along with the porter.



Here within the Grand Duke’s Mansion, not everyone was eligible to directly go through the second gate. Those with insufficient status needed to rest in the lounge and wait for the elders’ summons. The reason why the porter was so polite towards Green was because of customs. A large clan attached great importance to their face. Thus, they didn’t want to be seen as overwhelming towards the weaker side. That was why they were so polite here in the lounge.



The porter in the lounge gave Green one bowl of water. This bowl was an ordinary crude pottery bowl and the water was also ordinary plain boiled water. While they couldn’t apply pressure, from this treatment, everyone could see that the Purcell clan didn’t give any importance to Green. Such treatment was similar to treating commoners. Even those who were known as quasi-aristocratic Lords wouldn’t be given this treatment.



Green didn’t say anything. He just sat there with his eyes closed. Seeing how Green reacted, the porter couldn’t help but curl his lips in disdain.



Around the same time, the other porter had gone past the second gate and was now in front of the Foreign Affairs Office. The porter gently knocked on the door and said, “Elder, the Buda clan is here.”



His voice was just heard when the door to the Foreign Affairs Office opened. Stern looked at the porter and asked, “Who did you say it was?”



The porter said, “Elder, the Buda clan member who came was probably a main clan member and should now be resting in the lounge.”



Stern frowned, muttering, “Why did they come, and around this time?”



Stern was really busy at this time as he was currently teamed up with Laura to battle the other big firms. But right at this time, the Buda clan came unexpectedly.



Stern was a lot more familiar with the Buda clan than the porter, so upon hearing that it was from the Buda main clan, he knew it must be Green.



If it was someone else, he could ignore them, but he could not ignore Green. Green’s identity, aside from being a member of the Buda clan, was a Rank Eight expert. With regards to these experts, they should still show respect which made it so awkward for Stern.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 150




Chapter 150



Chapter 150 - Gonna Get Married?





This was exactly what Stern was worried about. He was very clear that they couldn’t possibly marry into the Buda clan. Especially now that the Buda clan had fallen. It was even more of an impossibility.



Since this was the case, he didn’t want to give the Buda clan any face. But, Green was a Rank Eight expert; offending such an expert wouldn't be good.



As an elder of the Purcell clan, Stern clearly knew why they haven’t already renounced the engagement with the Buda clan. First was because of face. Second was because the Buda clan had two Rank Eight experts.



Rank Eight experts on the continent could preserve a small clan with no problem. Unfortunately, the Buda clan took part in a major matter, so even if they had Rank Eight experts they couldn’t help preserve the clan.



Stern was tangled for a moment. Then he decided to let the Elder’s Assembly decide on this matter. He turned to the porter and said, “Tell Mister Green to please come in, and remember to be polite.”



The porter complied at once and turned back.



Before long, Green entered the yard along with the porter. Stern didn't dare to put on any airs. He quickly went over and said, “Butler Green, long time no see. How are you?”



Stern was the Elder of Foreign Affairs for the Purcell clan. He was specialized in dealing with people and, naturally, had a good understanding of Green, of whom he had some interactions with in the past.



Green nodded his head and said, “So it is Stern elder. I took the liberty to visit and was too abrupt about it which was presumptuous of me.”



Stern quickly replied, “Head servant Green is too polite. Quick, please come in.”



After letting Green inside the room, the two men sat down while being served by servants.



As Green looked at Stern, Stern said, “I would like to know what matter head servant Green would like to talk about.”



Green looked at Stern, chuckled and said, “Just a little matter. A few days ago, there were several small insects that had flown into the Black Wastes and, accidentally, I shot down those insects.



“Oh, also about the prior engagement of my Master. He said that since the Buda clan is in such trouble, he really wouldn't be able to bear to let the Young Miss follow us in our suffering. So, he let me come to cancel the engagement. What does the Purcell clan think of this?”



Stern was listening to Green’s words and naturally understood what Green spoke of. When he talked about those insects, after thinking about it, he realized it was obviously just satire from Green1. But Green had clearly said that, this time, he was here to break off the engagement.



Break the engagement! This was what the Purcell clan earnestly wished for, but now the initiative came from Green and not from the Purcell clan. This made Stern feel very uncomfortable.



Stern couldn’t help his face from sinking and he said, “Mister Green, is it really true that the Buda clan wants to break off the engagement?”



Green looked ironically at Stern. With a cold voice, he said, “No, ah, I take it back, I take it back. Always having insects run towards our family, I’m afraid that I will just have to beat them.”



Stern looked angrily at Green. With a cold snort he said, “This matter is important and I have no right to decide. I would like to ask Green to rest first as I report





this matter to the Clan Lord. Someone, come help head servant Green down to take a rest.”



Green didn’t get angry and slightly chuckled as he told Stern, “No need to trouble Stern elder, I have some money on me and will stay at an inn. Goodbye.”



Having said that, he turned around and walked out as Stern looked at him with anger, pounding the table.



Green naturally heard the sound and sneered as he walked away from the Grand Duke’s Mansion. He went outside to find a hotel to live in.



He found a hotel around midnight2. Green entered the hotel room and immediately went into the space where Zhao Hai and Meirin were waiting to welcome him. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. “Grandpa Green, they really spat out blood. Ha ha, I think that guy’s complexion turned green.”



Green coldly snorted and said, “They dare act like that. They don’t want to look afraid of what other people will say. Well, what’s so amazing about that. Right now the Purcell clan is depending on us to rescue them from their food crisis.”



Zhao Hai slightly chuckled. “Grandpa Green, don’t get angry. As long as we break the marriage proposal, there won’t be a need to offend them to the death. Anyways, recently the Purcell clan have been anxious about the Black Wastes and sent forces to harass us daily. We already have enough trouble.”



Green nodded his head and said, "Don’t worry Master, I know that in my heart. But if we don’t show them our power a little, then more of those types of guys will think of bullying us. They can’t just send Rank Nine experts against us. As long as they’re Rank Eight, we won’t be afraid and can extinguish several of them."



Zhao Hai smiled. Turning around, he said, “I just sent the Night Shades to monitor the Grand Duke’s Mansion. When there’s movement, they’ll report it. I believe there’s no need to make a matter about it.”



Green nodded. Then Meirin opened her mouth and said, “Master, after cancelling the marriage engagement to the Purcell clan, you should set a new marriage soon. After all, the Buda clan’s heritage depends on you ”



Zhao Hai didn't expected that Meirin would say this. He scratched his head and said, “We shouldn’t worry about this matter yet. The Buda clan has only had a small improvement. And besides, the space is a secret that we cannot let others know about. The time is not right for marriage.”



Meirin would have liked to respond, but Green interrupted her. “Master is right, our Buda clan is just starting. We shouldn’t talk about this issue until after resolving the problem of the toxin from the Water of Nothingness. Then the matter of marriage can be discussed. This is so that even if Master has a child, we wouldn’t have to worry about the detoxification.”



Meirin couldn't help but smile as she stared at Green. “I didn’t mean to let the Master marry now. What I meant was to let Master find someone in advance, to avoid losing good girls later. Right, what about Miss Laura? She’s beautiful and talented. Moreover, her mind is good.”



Zhao Hai hadn’t expected Meirin to be able to find a target already. He couldn't help but smile bitterly, knowing that he couldn't avoid it this time. Sighing, he said, “Grandma Meirin, I will go up first and rest. Wake me up when it’s time to eat.”



After saying that, he turned around and went upstairs. He hadn’t seen the look on Meg’s3 face, which had a trace of love and crisis.4



Meg liked him, but she didn’t want to be excessive in her performance. Now that she heard Zhao Hai should be married, Meg couldn't help but feel some panic. She was afraid that Zhao Hai would not want her.



She met Laura a few times already, and to be honest, Meg felt somewhat inferior to Laura. With regards to beauty, body, and life experiences, she could say Laura was like the bright moon while she was just a humble little star. She couldn’t see any advantage she had over Laura, and she was really afraid that Zhao Hai would marry Laura and not her.



Zhao Hai hadn’t thought so much about it. Since Laura looked like Taylor Swift, when he was in front of her, Zhao Hai felt pressured. He never thought that one day, he may live together with Laura.



Meirin just looked at Zhao who had ran away and didn’t say anything more about this matter. She looked at the time and found that it was time to prepare Zhao Hai’s lunch.



* * * * *



After Stern watched Green leave, he quickly went to the depths of the Grand Duke’s Mansion where the core of the Purcell clan was. Past the third gate, there was a high-rise, five-story building made of white stone. At the top hung a plaque with two words, “Elders Court.”5



Right. This was the real core of the Purcell clan, the Elders Court. This was where most of the offices of the elders were located. Only a handful had their offices elsewhere.



There were two warriors standing in front of the building. The ages of these warriors was not too young, about fifty years old. They were defending the left and the right sides of the building. If others saw them, they’d be surprised because both of them were Rank Seven experts.



Stern stood in front of the two men and nodded. He then went straight into the building. With regards to the guarding warriors, Stern would not neglect them as they were strong experts. Having many years of experience in dealing with people, he was very clear that even the humblest of people must not be offended.



Upon entering the Elders Court, Stern directly went to the fifth floor which only had three rooms. There was an elder in each of these rooms. These three rooms were where the actual control of the Purcell clan came from. The First, Second and Third elders were here.



Stern walked with a lighter pace. He arrived in front of the First Elder’s room and knocked at the door. The door opened to show a young girl standing in the door.



The girl looked to be about twenty years old, tall, and attractive. She wore a magic robe and saw Stern standing outside the door. She couldn’t help but smile and said, “Ah, it’s Stern elder. Please come and sit down.”



Stern ceremoniously replied, "Thank you Lani6." He then carefully entered the room.



Inside the room was a desk and chair placed opposite the door. The left side had a sofa and a small coffee table while the right side had a pair of doors carved ornately with patterns.



Stern didn't dare sit down and asked Lani, “Please inform the First Elder that Stern has asked to see him immediately.” Stern was afraid of neglecting Lani, who was a Rank Five water magician herself and whom the First elder favored. Her status within the clan also didn’t fare badly compared to some of the other young ladies.



Lani looked at the stiff Stern. She smiled lightly and said, “Stern elder, please sit down. I don’t know why you are so hurried in order to find the First Elder, but right now he is reviewing a large pile of documents. He told me earlier that if the matter wasn’t important, then he wasn’t to be bothered.“



Stern thanked Lani and went to sit down on the sofa. He then said, “The Buda clan’s Green came. Last time, we had sent some people to the Black Wastes to observe their situation. I fear that they won’t be coming back. This time, he said that he wanted to break the engagement. For this matter, I don’t have the power to call the shots. That’s why I’m asking for the First Elder to decide.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 151




Chapter 151





Chapter 151 - Asking The Enshrined Deity1 To Act

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Lani was surprised for a moment. As the First Elder’s assistant, she naturally knew some things about the clan. She clearly understood the situation with the Buda clan and hadn’t thought that this time the Buda clan would suddenly break off the engagement.



Lani knew that this matter was important, therefore she didn’t say anything more about it to Stern and instead said, “Alright, I’ll immediately inform the First Elder.” Then she turned around and entered the doors opposite the sofa.



Soon, Lani came back out. She smiled while saying, “Stern elder, the First Elder asks for you to go in.” Stern stood up, adjusted his clothes, and expressed gratitude to Lani. He then pushed past the doors and entered the room.



The room was magnificent. Inside stood two bronze incense burners with lit incense sticks. The carpet on the floor was thick and a map hung on the wall. Under the map was a fragrant red-wooden table, upon which a thick stack of documents were placed.



Behind the desk was a seated old man that looked to be around seventy years of age with neatly combed hair. Right now, he held up a brush, poised to write on a document. This person was precisely the First Elder of the Purcell clan, Kaiser Purcell2.



Stern didn’t dare to disturb the elder. He carefully walked to the front of the table and positioned himself on the left side.



A moment later, Kaiser placed the brush in his hands down and looked up at Stern, saying, “Well, sit down Stern. I heard that a Buda clan member wanted to break off the engagement?”



Stern bowed and answered, “Stern has seen the First Elder. Yes, Green came earlier. He had come to break off the engagement.”



Kaiser nodded and said, “How do you see it?”



“The people we sent over to the Black Waste are dead, killed by Green,” stated Stern. “With Green and Meirin’s skill, they possibly hid Adam, escaping unharmed into the mountains when a magic beast tide occurred. There shouldn’t be much remaining of the slaves and commodities they brought. When Green came earlier, he was on foot, not on a horse or carriage. Later on, he went to a cheap hotel. It seems like he doesn’t have much money in his hands. Also, this time, Meirin didn’t appear, probably to protect Adam3 in the Black Waste. Green probably knew that this time, if they didn’t break off the engagement, then we wouldn’t be polite. Thus they came to break off the engagement and looked for me in order to ask to withdraw it.”



Kaiser sat in the chair with his eyes closed, quietly listening to Stern. After Stern finished, Kaiser looked uneasy, not knowing how to react.



Stern clearly knew the First Elder’s temperament. He was greedy, lustful, prideful, sinister, and cold. When all these words were used to describe him, it was obvious that he wasn’t a good person.



But this person had dominated the Purcell clan for fifty years. His henchmen could be found in every corner of the clan. Because of this, the Elder’s Assembly now had more power than the Clan Lord. In the face of such a person, Stern dared not overstep even a little.



Kaiser kept quiet for a moment before asking, “How was Green’s attitude?”



Stern truthfully replied, “His attitude is very bad. He taunted this subordinate again and again. It didn’t look like he came to break off the engagement, but to demonst





rate this attitude.”



Kaiser nodded his head and said, “I will keep you posted on our decision. But we have to teach him a lesson; he must know that the Purcell clan can kill whomever they want to kill. When mocking a Purcell clan person, there will be a price to pay.“



Stern listened to the words of Kaiser and with a low voice, he said, “Yes, but First Elder, I found out that Green’s rank seems to have increased. Now, he seems to have reached the peak of Rank Eight. I fear that it wouldn’t be good to offend him.”



As soon as Kaiser heard Stern’s words, his eyes shoved open and gleamed as he said, “Really? Green has really reached the peak of Rank Eight?”



Stern was shocked from Kaiser’s look, but he still respectfully replied, “Yes, this subordinate didn’t feel wrong. He is indeed at the peak of Rank Eight.”



Kaiser’s eyes looked more cold. He spoke with a soft voice, “It seems that this time, not dealing with them won’t be good. Stern, go back to the Grand Duke’s Mansion and stall him. I will go to the Clan’s Consecration Hall4 and request the enshrined deity to act.”



Stern held his breath. He was very clear that the clan’s worship was divided into many types, but that the enshrined deity he referred to was the Guardian Deity5. This person’s rank was truly representative of a godly character as they were the Rank Nine experts of the Purcell clan, an actual Pseudo-God existence.



Stern hadn’t expected for Kaiser to even ask for the presence of a Rank Nine deity, thus he stammered and said, “Th, this. First Elder, do we really need to request Sir Guardian Deity just to deal with the puny Buda clan?”



Kaiser stared at Stern and said, “Fool, Green is now a Peak Rank Eight and most likely would be a Rank Nine deity expert soon. Right now, we shouldn’t have to give face to the Buda clan. You said he will leave us alone after this? What is easier, dealing with a Peak Rank Eight expert or pleasing a Rank Nine deity? This time, we must ask the Guardian Deity to move. Attack and kill Green who is in our sights, then deal with Meirin and Adam within the Black Waste to completely remove the threat.”



Stern felt cold as he understood what Kaiser meant. He couldn’t help but feel ashamed and bowed his head. “First Elder’s vision is really great, your subordinate is really unknowledgable. This subordinate will immediately look for Green.” After bowing, he withdrew from the First Elder’s room.



The First Elder stood up, fixing his clothes as he murmured, “Ah, a really big trouble. So many problems happening at the same time.” Then he walked out.



Lani stood outside, looking at Stern as he left, then turned back to the First Elder and quickly greeted him with a bow. “First Elder, what are your orders?”



Grand Elder looked at Lani and said, “Immediately convene a meeting with all the elders. Arrange the carriage now, I’ll be going to the Consecration yard.” Lani stared, then immediately complied. She went on the desk and pulled on a rope.



After pulling the rope, a burst of bell sounds came immediately. Soon, the entirety of the building heard the sound of the bells. Lani then followed the First Elder who walked out.



What Lani pulled was the Purcell clan emergency convening bell. Upon hearing the sound, even the Clan Lord should arrive in the conference room of the Elders Court along with the other hundred elders. This bell was what the Purcell clan Elders Court used and was handed down from generation to generation. Unless there was a very big problem, one couldn’t use this bell.



Lani dared to use this bell because of the First Elder’s words. Afterwards, she prepared the carriage that would leave for the Consecration yard. He had only spoken a simple sentence, but Lani had been the assistant of the First Elder for a long time; she understood what the First Elder had meant.



The Purcell clan gave a lot of dedications. They did so for anyone with at least a strength of Rank Eight without exception. Their status wasn’t low, but rather high. The Greater Elders and the Elders were the ones who can give them a task if something happened. If the order was good, they could follow it. Otherwise, they don’t even have to dedicate themselves to the Elders Court.



There was only one who could make the First Elder personally come out and leave to pay homage directly from the Elders Court. This was the Guardian Deity of the Purcell clan, a Rank Nine deity.



To make the First Elder ask and please a Rank Nine deity to resolve a matter wouldn’t be a small thing, right? Using the bell at this time wouldn’t be wrong at all.



The two went to a conference room on the fourth floor which was the biggest conference room of the Purcell clan. This conference room was divided into several steps, wherein the highest seat was reserved for the Clan Lord. The next level of seats were for the three greater elders, while all the other elders sat around the conference room. The entire conference room had only one place for passing in and out of, which was a five meter square space placed in the middle. There was a table placed that allowed an elder to preside over the people in the area.



The First Elder arrived at the conference room early, as the other elders had not arrived yet. He walked silently towards his seat and closed his eyes.



Soon, bursts of footsteps could be heard, a sign that the other elders of the Purcell clan had arrived. These elders looked at the Grand Elder’s seat and saw him waiting for them there. They were afraid to speak out of turn and immediately went to find their seats quietly.



Kaiser didn’t seem to hear these sounds as he still sat with his eyes closed. Then a heavy pair of footsteps could be heard. All the elders in the room stood up and saluted the man in the door, saying, “Clan Lord Wanan”



Kaiser then opened his eyes and looked towards the door of the conference room. Standing there was a tall man, about two meters. He had a body like a mountain, a face with a full beard, and a look similar to an ordinary male lion that radiated fierce power.



He wore a navy blue noble’s suit and held a scepter about a meter long. Walking slowly, this man was the Grand Duke of the Purcell clan, Evan Purcell6.



The First Elder’s big eyes flashed. Standing up and facing Evan, he bowed slightly and greeted, “Clan Lord Wanan.”



Evan returned the courtesy and said, “The First Elders is too polite. I don’t know why the great bell was used by the elder to convene everyone. What has happened?”



The First Elder said with a low voice, “Please sit, Clan Lord.”



Evan nodded. He went to his seat and sat down, the other elders following after.



The greater elders were seated on the left and the right side of the First Elder. They were the clan’s Second and Third elders. Both of them looked to be sixty years old. One was fat and the other was thin. One wore black while the other was in white, both wore elder’s attire as they sat there looking at the First Elder.



The First Elder looked into their eyes, sneering in his heart as he knew that these two were looking for trouble. If he made a single mistake, they would surely catch it. But the First Elder wasn’t worried. He believed that he had made the right decision and wouldn’t be at fault.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 152




Chapter 152





Chapter 152 - Puzzled

Machine Transltor: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Seeing that everyone was in attendance, Kaiser stood up. He slowly walked towards the middle of the room and onto the stage. He stood at the stage, looked at everyone, and with a sinking voice, said, “Clan Lord, fellow elders. Our Purcell clan has been struck by a string of troubles recently. Those shameless merchants, looking for a chance to pressure our clan due to the Ica plain incidence, have taken this opportunity to increase the price of food. Fortunately, under everyone’s efforts, our clan hadn’t taken significant losses. But now, someone dares to challenge the dignity of the Purcell clan. This absolutely cannot be permitted.”



He paused for a while, looked at some of the people in the room. He felt like he were the master of the world. This feeling fascinated him. As some said, power was the best elixir of life. These words were truly accurate. Kaiser felt as if his body was full of vitality as he stood upon the stage. He felt that he could live for a hundred years. Since he felt so young, then he could still do better.



The people in the room soon began to whisper to each other. They didn’t know what had happened that would make Kaiser be this serious. Kaiser looked at the crowd and continued, “Just a moment ago, the Buda clan member Green came to the Grand Duke’s Mansion to break off the engagement. Some time ago, the Black Wastes had experienced a magic beast attack. For fear that a disaster would befall the Buda clan, our Purcell clan sent members to go observe and search for them, but they are now already dead. They were killed by Green. This time, they came with a desire to break off the engagement. It simply seems like they are looking at my Purcell clan as if it was nothing. Such as thing as this, he cannot be left alive.”



Everyone in the conference room was surprised for a moment and looked puzzledly towards Kaiser. Kaiser saying this had confused them, but the elders understood how and what had happened. They wanted to look for the Buda clan so they had sent people to observe and even lend a hand. But the Buda clan member had killed them, which wasn’t good. Now that person had even come to the Grand Duke’s Mansion?



Only the Second Elder and the Third Elder, these old men, had understood why Kaiser had sent the men to the Buda clan. What they didn’t understand was why Kaiser was speaking so highly of the Buda clan. Thus, the two didn’t say anything and just watched Kaiser, puzzled.



Kaiser knew that what he said wasn’t enough to impress these people. Although he was powerful within the Purcell clan, it was impossible to cover the skies with his hand1. Furthermore, the Second and Third Elders also kept him in check.



Kaiser continued, “Green is now a Peak Rank Eight expert. Everyone knows that we initiated the engagement with the Buda clan, but now with the Buda clan’s status, they are simply not a match for our Purcell clan. Although this time they offered to break off the engagement, haven’t you all thought about the effects this would have towards us? Seemingly, this Green bears a grudge against us. Once he reaches Rank Nine, what will happen then?”



After saying this long speech, everyone understood the point within the sentences Kaiser had spoken and they were of the same mind with Kaiser.



They all knew that the Buda clan was suffering and had even added insult to the injury, thus making the Buda clan have a great hatred towards them. If Green really does become a Rank Nine one day, it definitely wouldn’t be a good thing for the Purcell clan.



“No wonder the First Elder wants to deal with the Buda clan.” After Kaiser said h





is reasons for wanting to deal with the Buda clan, everyone agreed to the idea. Evan could only sit at his station. He said no words as he knew they would be useless.



Second Elder said, “The First Elder’s words are justifiable. However, now that the Buda clan has a Peak Rank Eight master, wanting to deal him won’t be easy. Even if we can kill him, our losses wouldn’t be small. I wonder what are the First Elder’s thoughts about this?”



Kaiser knew that the Second Elder wouldn’t be so easily swayed by his words, but he was well prepared. He nodded and said, “Naturally, I had thought of something beforehand. The carriage is now prepared and ready to go and ask a Rank Nine deity to extend his hands2. First is to kill Green, avoiding any future troubles. Then, to deter those profiteers, letting them know that our Purcell clan is capable of extinguishing them.”



The quiet conference room suddenly broke out in a huge burst of applause. As Laura had said, these aristocrats had large aristocratic pride; they wouldn’t allow anybody to encroach on their dignity.



Kaiser’s words naturally aroused the sympathy of the people in the room. Even the Second Elder, the Third Elder, and Evan didn’t say anything about it.



The Second and Third Elders had been struggling for power against the First Elder. Looking at the now popular First Elder, they were naturally not in a good mood. Even now, Evan’s heart was complex.



He was nominally the Lord of the Purcell clan, and the Grand Duke of the Purcell Duchy. But here in the Elders Assembly, he didn’t have any right to speak. In fact, him sitting there was just him being a decoration. This was something all the elders knew. On the surface however, they were still respectful towards him. This matter was what Evan was most angry of.



Unfortunately, he didn’t have any other way to change this situation. In fact, this matter was a Purcell clan secret. He had no way of telling other people. While outside and in front of other people, the elders were still very respectful towards him. This made outsiders think that the Purcell Grand Duke was still respected.



Before, there had been no reason for the Purcell clan to deal with the Buda clan. Furthermore, Evan was a friend of Adam’s3 father, which naturally made him wish for the Buda clan to not disappear.



Unfortunately, he had helped the Buda clan in the past which greatly diminished his power. Now, he had no ability to help the Buda clan. Even if he wanted the support of the First Elder, it would be impossible.



Evan was a warrior and one could say he was not made for political plays. It was precisely because of this that he could be the patriarch of the Purcell clan; since he didn’t understand politics, he was easily controlled.



Even though these three didn’t take their stand, it wouldn’t matter much as the other elders had already approved of the words of the First Elder which had made their blood boil.



Kaiser satisfyingly watched the result and said, “Please raise your hand if you share my opinion.”



More than half of the people in the conference room raised their hands, which ultimately decided the outcome. Those whom hadn’t raised their hands were the diehard supporters of both the Second and Third elders.



Kaiser nodded his head and said, “More than fifty percent of the votes approve.” He then turned his head and bowed to Evan, saying ”Clan Lord, Sir, may I ask the exalted deity now?”



Evan looked at Kaiser with a calm face and nodded without saying anything. As Kaiser saw Evan nod, he also didn’t say anything. He bowed once more to Evan and turned around, proclaiming, “This meeting is adjourned.” He headed outside after saying that.



The elders in the conference room had also left one after the other. The Second and the Third Elders sighed, then exited the room.



Although they had grabbed several elders under Kaiser’s these past few days, obtaining a better position to speak up, when compared to Kaiser’s power they were just almost there. But this time, this matter had made Kaiser more attractive. His popularity would surely reach a new height. When that happened, they wouldn’t be able to put up a fight against Kaiser anymore.



To be honest, their moods were quite complex right now. They wanted Kaiser to be victorious in order to make the Purcell clan maintain their dignity, frightening this generation of hoodlums.



However, in their hearts, they hoped Kaiser’s plan would go wrong. They hoped that the Buda clan could resist, thus making Kaiser’s move void. When that happens, they could attack Kaiser, bringing down his prestige. They could then take the opportunity to deal with Kaiser.



Sadly, they knew this was impossible. This time, in order to succeed, Kaiser was willing to go please and request the Guardian Deity. The Guardian Deity was a Rank Nine expert, synonymous to invincible. It was easy for them to get rid of others, yet hard to be defeated.



* * * * *



What they didn’t know was that when the Purcell clan rang the bell, Zhao Hai had also received the message. Zhao Hai had previously instructed the Night Shades to observe the Purcell clan. These Night Shades were high ranked undead. In addition to being undead, they could also restrain their auras. The Purcell clan didn’t have any high ranking light magicians, thus making the Night Shades even harder to detect.



The average person might not know what the sound of this bell meant, but these Night Shades knew. Don’t forget, these Night Shades were high ranked undead made by Zhao Hai that also had their memories retained. Their prior organization had a certain understanding of the large clans within the continent. Since the Purcell clan had its own Duchy, then of course they were also investigated. This naturally made them understand what the bell represented for the Purcell clan.



When the Purcell clan sounded the bell, the Night Shades immediately informed Zhao Hai about the situation and what this matter meant.



Around this time, Zhao Hai was lying in his bedroom, afraid of going out. He feared Meirin would insist on continuing the discussion of the issue of marriage to him. Upon receiving the message however, Zhao Hai immediately stood up and went out.



Green was sitting in the living room and staring at the screen. He had to pay attention to his room in the hotel while in the living room. If he let others enter his room and they found out that he disappeared, then there would be trouble.



Zhao Hai also saw Green in the living room and immediately said, “Grandpa Green, there’s been changes in the Purcell clan. They had just rung the emergency bell.”



Green also knew a little about the emergency bell. After hearing Zhao Hai, his face couldn’t help but change as he said, “Really? Did the Night Shades send the message?”



Zhao Hai nodded. “Yes, the Night Shades had sent the message. Since the Night Shades weren’t detected by the Purcell clan, after the emergency bell rang they immediately notified me.”



Green stood up, raised his brow, and said, “Why do they have to pull the emergency bell? We only went to break the engagement, which was what they also wanted to do. So, they shouldn’t be planning anything against us, right?”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 153




Chapter 153



Chapter 153 - How Long Does It Take To Drink This Pot of Tea1?

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “The Night Shades are observing the Purcell clan right now. However, I think that this time I’m afraid they’ll never let us go easily. Grandpa Green, you must be careful with this. Maybe you shouldn't go to the Purcell clan right now and just wait till another time so that we’ll know what they want to do.”



Green shook his head. “No, we must withdraw the marriage proposal. If I don’t see them, they’ll just get suspicious. I really wish to know what they will be doing.”



Zhao Hai stared at Green and said, “Alright, but you should always have the Ghost Cane with you. I’ll also keep the Night Shades there to observe them. Once there’s movement from the Purcell clan, I will immediately inform you.”



Green nodded as Zhao Hai received some transmitted information from one of the Night Shades that stated the Foreign Affairs elder, Stern, was currently traveling towards Green’s lodgings.



Zhao Hai told Green about the situation. Green smiled faintly and said, “Stern will be coming to get me. Master, I’ll exit the space and see what the Purcell clan plans to do.”



Around this time, Meirin and Meg entered the villa. Even Rockhead and Woodhead had come. Zhao Hai also wanted to know how the Purcell clan would plan to deal with them.



Zhao Hai saw Green move to go out and immediately said, “Alright. Grandpa Green, you must bring the Ghost Cane. This will make it easier to contact you.” Green nodded and held onto the Ghost Cane as he appeared in the hotel room.



The Ghost Cane had an ability. If Zhao Hai wasn’t the one holding the Ghost Cane, he could use it to communicate with the person he entrusted the cane to while staying within the space. Furthermore, their communications wouldn’t be heard by a third party. This was what Zhao Hai concluded after conducting several trials.



Meirin and the others looked at the screen in the living room as they observed Green. Green sat in the room and closed his eyes. With his eyes closed, he began to recuperate his energy.



Green was aware of the problems when he went to the Grand Duke’s Mansion this time. Fearing that the matter wouldn’t be good, he knew he needed to keep himself in good condition.



Stern didn’t let him wait too long. Pretty soon he knocked on the door. Stern then said, “Head Servant Green, it’s Stern. The Purcell Grand Duke has a matter to discuss with you at the clan’s mansion.”



Green stood up and went to open the door. He stood in front of Stern and waved his hand towards the inside of the room. “Stern elder, please come in and we can discuss it.”



Stern shook his head and said, “Mister Green, the Grand Duke is currently waiting for you. Please hurry and head over to the Grand Duke’s Mansion as soon as possible.”



Green narrowed his eyes which made Stern nervous, thus revealing that he was acting fishy. Although Green would like to know what the Purcell clan intended to do, he wasn’t stupid. He let go of the door and walked back into the room while saying, “Come in and sit for a while. I had travelled a long way and feel very tired. I wish to drink a pot of tea first.”



Stern looked back at Green, gnashing his teeth with hatred. He was, however, a member of a refined class of people and didn’t urge Green. He knew that if he urged him further, it would only make him seem more suspicious. Thus, he decided to enter the room.



The hotel room wasn’t large. The li





ving room and the bedroom were placed together as one room. Green didn’t call Stern to sit down on the sofa. Instead, he actually went to get a pot of tea from the tea table. He poured himself a cup of tea and made a cup for Stern. He then carried the cup over and gave it to Stern, then drank with delight.



Stern sat down and drank the tea. He couldn’t help but wrinkle a brow. He knew that a small hotel like this could not provide good tasting tea. The tea was poor in these hotels, which was why he never drank it.



Green wasn’t worried as he drank a mouthful of tea. Stern following him inside the room affirmed that the Purcell clan must have arranged something. Otherwise, Stern wouldn’t be this cooperative with him. If, indeed, Evan was waiting for him, it wouldn't be possible for Stern to just sit here and drink tea with him. Stern coming inside the room meant that they wanted him to go t the clan’s home and didn’t want him to leave early.



If the Night Shades hadn’t made that report about the issue of using the emergency bell, Green wouldn’t have been suspicious. But because they now knew the Purcell clan sounded the bell, Green was more sure of his thoughts.



How long could two people take to drink a pot of tea? If someone dared to ask this question, Stern would have thought that such a person was a lunatic who could just leisurely think about such issues.



However, now Stern was subconsciously thinking about it and had been counting the time away. He was looking forward to finishing this pot of tea.



In fact, Green was stalling for as much time as he could as he wanted to wait and see if the Night Shades would be able to get more information. The Night Shades didn’t let him down. While drinking the pot of tea, ZHao Hai informed him that the carriage of the Purcell clan had gone to the Consecration Hall.



The Consecration Hall of the Purcell clan was located in the western yard. This was a large area dedicated to those Deities.



These Deities had their own separate yards as they didn’t like living together with other people. This was the reason why the Purcell clansmen lived a bit further away from them.



The Night Shades naturally knew of Kaiser elder of the Purcell clan. In fact, his former organization knew the situation in the Purcell clan very well. It even knew that Evan was just a puppet.



Zhao Hai told these things to Green. Green almost instantly thought of the words, ‘Rank Nine expert’ upon hearing the report. Thus, he couldn’t help when his complexion changed.



Green was an experienced person and was also very clear minded. The person who could make these elders move could not be an ordinary person, not even if they were a Rank Eight expert. To make these elders of the large Purcell clan personally move only meant that it should be a Rank Nine Deity2.



During this time, why would the Purcell clan suddenly act and invite a Rank Nine deity? There was only one answer, and that was to deal with him.



Green placed the half-empty cup in his hands down on the table slowly. He turned around and looked coldly at Stern. Stern watched Green and was frightened within his heart. He actually felt that Green had seen through him. He unconsciously moved his body and said, “Head Servant Green, what is wrong?”



Green suddenly smiled and said, “Nothing, thank you for accompanying me to drink tea. Stern elder, let us go.”



Stern busily stood up. He couldn’t seem to understand if what he saw was just an illusion. When he saw Green smile, he felt as though this smile had a profound meaning.



Green restrained his anger as they headed out of the hotel. Inside the carriage that the Purcell clan sent for him, he was thinking. He couldn’t believe that the Purcell clan, in order to deal with him, would even invite a Rank Nine deity. This time, the issue was really big.



Green haven’t thought that the Purcell clan would be this ruthless. He thought that if the Purcell clan could invite a Rank Nine to deal with him, then they also wouldn’t let Zhao Hai and Meirin off. That is to say, the Purcell clan really planned to exterminate the whole Buda clan.



This was exactly why Green was so angry. If it were other nobility, then Green wouldn’t be as angry with them as he was already disappointed with those aristocrats. But he hadn’t really thought that it would be the Purcell clan who would do such a thing. Before, he had a better evaluation of this Purcell clan. He haven’t thought that in the end, it would be this Purcell clan whom would be the most ruthless to them.



Although Green knew that the opposite party had invited a Rank Nine deity to deal with him, he still dared to go. In the bottom of his heart, he knew there was Zhao Hai’s space. Even in the face of a Rank Nine deity he wouldn’t worry much.



Green didn’t tell Zhao Hai about his suspicions as he was afraid Zhao Hai would be worried. This time, he had gone to the Grand Duke’s Mansion in order to completely expose the nature of the Purcell clan. He wanted them to think that even after inviting a Rank Nine Deity, they still couldn’t kill him. He was waiting for that expression of shock.



The carriage immediately went into the Grand Duke’s Mansion. The two men stepped down from the carriage and went towards the courtyard’s living room. Upon entering the Grand Duke’s Mansion, Stern’s heart finally calmed down. He couldn’t help look at Green strangely while smirking.



He hated Green. He started hating Green when he had asked to drink the cup of tea. He felt Green definitely asked him to drink a pot of tea that had been poisoned, or that his drink was the more poisonous one.



Once they entered the living room, Green deliberately said, “Stern elder, didn’t you say that the Grand Duke was looking for me. Or is it someone else?”



Stern coldly replied, “I don’t know. Probably because we took so much time, the Grand Duke went back.” Then he sat on the sofa, spoke no words, and closed his eyes. He didn’t even make himself available to answer Green,.



Green looked at Stern, whose appearance had a faint whiff of a smile. He understood why Stern was giving such a performance. Stern had performed as such because he believed that there was no more need to keep things hidden since they were already back in the Grand Duke’s Mansion. Therefore, Stern didn’t hide it anymore and tore off his disguise.



However, seeing this, Green became even more excited. Green now wanted to see what these people’s face would be like when he disappeared in front of them.



Green also didn’t say anything and just sat quietly. He was waiting, waiting for Stern to play his tricks, allowing Stern to feel that they were still in control. And then at the last moment, he would tell these people that he was just teasing them in order to make them play their move.



Soon, Green heard the sound of footsteps from a distance. He opened his eyes and looked at Stern, saying, “Stern elder, are you just going to accompany me in sitting here?”



As his voice faded, suddenly, the proud voice of an old man sounded. “Of course not, I’ll be the one to give you an explanation.”





Notes:



- This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice. Thanks.



- Please support the author if you love this novel.



- Please check out the footnotes, thanks.





1"亚" - "Asia" or "Inferior". Since the "亚" charater was present in several sentences in the chapter and was used in the context of "A Pot Of 亚 (Asia/Inferior)", we did everything we can to find out what "亚" means, unfortunately, we couldn't find any that would fit. We asked the people of NovelsUpdate Forums to help us in translating it and they said it was a kind of tea or some Chinese regional drink. We decided to use tea as it fits better with regards to the context of the sentences. I would like to thank everyone who had given suggestions on that thread, thanks a lot guys!↩



2 This paragraph basically means that there was virtually no one who had so much power that it would require the elders to personally go and request their help. The only ones who did require such were rank nines.↩





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 154




Chapter 154



Chapter 154 - Wind Saint Buffy1

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Green knew who this prestigious voice belonged to. It was the Purcell clan’s First Elder, Kaiser!



Green was aware of who Kaiser was. He had some contact with him, but not too much. Thus, this made his understanding of him very limited. Kaiser gave a bad impression to Green as Green felt he was a very hypocritical old man.



However, this hypocritical and arrogant man was currently standing behind another person. This other man looked even more arrogant. He seemed to be of an elderly age with his white hair and beard on his head. His face had wrinkles that looked as though they could clamp mosquitoes dead. He wore a very ordinary magic robe along with a very common wand, but his expression wasn’t ordinary.



His face showed a trace of impatience while his eyes weren’t truly focused on anything. He wasn’t a blind man however. On the contrary, it was just a performance that showed off his arrogance. He simply didn’t place any of these people in his eyes. For him, it seemed as if he felt that everyone’s presence here were nothing but air, even for these adults..



He had the qualification to think as such because he was one of the two Guardian Deities of the Purcell clan, Wind Saint Buffy!



Wind Saint Buffy was a very interesting person. He was a genius magical talent of the Purcell clan and liked magic very much. He hadn’t married in his whole life as he had focused all of his energy into the study of magic laws and in practicing refinement methods. His interpersonal relationships were a complete mess.



The Purcell clan only asked him to kill. Thus, we could say that from the very beginning of when he started learning magic, the Purcell clan had made him their sword. Whomever the clan wanted killed, he would kill. Another thing besides this matter was that other than being a murderer, he was also a practitioner.



Others had said he was a lunatic. Some say he was a cultivation madman. But no matter what, he was now a Rank Nine Deity. His existence was a Deity, a Guardian Deity of the Purcell clan. Perhaps it was because of his dedication and madness that he could have his current achievements.



Buffy hadn’t killed anyone for many years. He’d been a Rank Nine Deity for a decade already. But since the time he had reached Rank Eight, he still hadn’t killed anyone. That was thirty years ago.



This time, Kaiser had gone to request his help in removing someone, so his appearance was him giving great face. Remember, Buffy had a strange temperament which was on par with his famous talent in magic.



Upon seeing Buffy, Green’s expression couldn’t help but shrink. He was very clear how strong a Rank Nine expert was. He was also clear about their self-respect for their own status, which wouldn’t easily allow them to attack a lower-leveled expert. Even if they got involved, they would still act with honesty. But Buffy was not the same. Buffy was an unreasonable person for him to face. He would murder and kill people and wasn’t an upright person as he usually used sneak attacks.



Upon seeing Buffy appear, Green immediately put his heart on guard. He was on full alert as he watched Buffy. Towards Buffy, however, he still stood there, seemingly defiant.



Inside the space, Meirin had also been paying attention to the situation. Upon Buffy’s appearance, her complexion changed as she told Zhao Hai, “Master, please get ready to let Green back into the space at a moment’s notice. This old foggy doesn’t want to live — he’d even dare to face a Rank Nine expert.”



After seeing this, Meirin had und





erstood it all. Before, she felt that Green hadn’t seemed quite right. But in the end, even if she felt something was wrong, she couldn’t tell what it was. Now she knew that Green was prepared to face a Rank Nine expert, thus, he had looked a little strange.



Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then his complexion changed. “Grandma Meirin, you said that the old man standing there is a Rank Nine expert?” Zhao Hai referred to the old man, who, of course, was Buffy as he didn’t look any older than the others present.



Meirin nodded her head and said, “Yes, that old man is named Wind Saint Buffy, a famous figure for nearly five decades. He was a cultivation madman, a cold-blooded killer. Once he became a Rank Five magician, the Purcell clan had kept him in order to use him to kill. It can be said that his entire growth process was one of murder — a very terrible person.“



Zhao Hai’s complexion changed. Although he hadn’t seen a Rank Nine expert before, he had still heard of the prowess of Rank Nine. Since Green was the person he most cared about, right now that Green was facing a Rank Nine expert, Zhao Hai almost immediately pulled him back into the space.



Although Zhao Hai didn’t immediately do so, his attention was completely focused on the outside. As long as they made a move, he would immediately pull Green back into the space.



Green looked at Buffy and said with a sinking voice, “Kaiser elder, what do you mean?”



Kaiser looked back at Green. Laughing like a fox, he replied with a deep voice, “Green, today you didn’t come here to break off the engagement. Instead, I’m telling you this: we will be the ones to withdraw this marriage. Here’s the marriage certificate.” He handed over a piece of paper that seemed similar to a razor sharp blade as it flew towards Green.



There was a custom in the Aksu Empire. If two sides were engaged, and suddenly a side wanted to break off the engagement, they should first raise the initiative and must give the opposite party a copy of the documents of the engagement.



Green looked at the piece of paper and lifted a hand. The paper landed in his hands and he carefully read the contents. Its content were very ordinary. It stated that the Purcell clan agreed to the proposal of the breaking of the engagement that the Buda clan required. As simple as that.



Green received the piece of paper and placed it carefully in his arms. He looked at Kaiser and said, “Green would like to thank the First Elder.”



Kaiser looked at the appearance of Green, smiled strangely, and replied, “Do not thank me, Steward Green. I had granted your request, so it ends now. But you should also give something to me, right?”



Green looked at Kaiser. He knew what he meant, but he still rhetorically replied, “I do not know what the First Elder wants, please tell me what it is.”



Kaiser sneered and said, “What’s wrong? Has Head Servant Green already forgotten that some time ago, there was a Magic Beast riot in the Black Waste? We sent several people to look into your situation, but we hadn’t thought that you would actually kill them. Green, you should probably know whom you had killed, right? They were members of the Purcell clan. Do you think that you can just kill any member of the Purcell clan? You should give me a detailed account of it.”



Green’s eyes flashed with coldness as he watched Kaiser. He snorted and said, “Kaiser, do not put an act here. Why did you send people to the Black Waste where the soil and weather was known to all. Now you want an account from me? Alright, I’ll tell you: they had brought weapons and intruded into my Buda clan’s territory. They were clearly up to no good. So, did that explanation suffice?”



“You!” Kaiser looked at Green angrily. He hadn’t thought that Green wouldn't budge, even after seeing Buffy. In this case, since he didn’t budged, it made the people there a bit puzzled.



But he still didn't think of it so much. He just wanted Green dead today. No matter what reason Green said, he could not be left alive. With a cold voice, he said, “Green, this is your Buda clan’s fault for forcing me. Don’t blame me for being impolite.”



Green sneered. “Do not be a hypocrite here. You know who forced who. You even invited a Wind Deity to come. How much have you paid to him? Even if I am polite to you, would you let me off? Stop dreaming, Kaiser. You’re gone, your rule over the Purcell clan will be over!”



Green spoke of a sore spot of Kaiser’s. Even though he ruled over the Purcell clan right now, Evan, Second Elder, and the Third Elder were actually unceasingly struggling for power with him. Dealing with them was a struggle that he couldn’t cope with. This feeling of powerlessness was something he had never felt before. But it was precisely because of this that he prefered to act and use a brilliant victory so that he could firmly hold his position as the First Elder.



Kaiser looked at Green and maliciously said, “Good, Green. You are unexpectedly being unappreciative. Then do not blame me. Wind Saint Sir, please begin.”



He had just finished saying those words when Buffy’s body emitted a bluish-green light. This bluish-green light was difficult to visually observe as it hit Green with a speed that had gone beyond a person’s imagination.



A green guard shield appeared on Green’s body as a mass of white mist simultaneously appeared behind Green. Upon noticing the mist, Green’s face couldn't help but relax. He laughed and said, “Kaiser, you want to keep me here? It won’t be easy; even a Rank Nine expert cannot keep me here. Purcell clan, wait till you hear from me!”



Green’s body was covered with a white fog which then turned into a misty cage. His whole body completely disappeared as he finished speaking.



When Green completely disappeared, Kaiser hadn’t been able to react. He hadn’t thought that this would happen in any case.



Just then, Buffy suddenly calmly said, “That transfer scroll didn’t have any magic fluctuations. It appears to be ancient magic. Ah, that is a good thing.”



Buffy’s words made Kaiser recover. With a pale face, he said, “Your excellency Deity, did he run?”



Buffy coldly snorted and said, “No one can escape Buffy’s hands. Though the magic he used was very mysterious, my Wind Bladedge still hit him. He was seriously injured. After today, his Rank Eight strength will slowly fall. Where is he from?”



Obviously, Buffy had not perceived the words that they had spoken. He regarded their existences, along with Green, as just wood. It’s no wonder. After all, the strength of a Rank Nine, compared with a Rank Eight, wasn’t just as simple as a difference of ranks. People who weren’t Rank Nine would not appear in his eyes. Even if he sees them, they would just be ignored.



As soon as Kaiser heard what Buffy said, he was overjoyed. He was very clear that if Buffy really was excited by Green, then during the second time he made a request, the entire Buda clan wouldn’t be able to run. He quickly said, “Enshrined Deity, the Buda clan had made a mistake before and was sent to Fort Iron Mountain in the Black Waste. I believe you can find them there.”



Buffy nodded his head and said, “I was just thinking of going out to the Carrion Swamp to explore.”



His figure flashed, disappearing from the area.





Notes:



- This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice. Thanks.



- Please support the author if you love this novel.



- Please check out the Editor's footnotes, thanks.





1 巴菲 - Bā fēi. Buffy is a nice fit…↩





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 155




Chapter 155



Chapter 155: Magic Peach Treats The Wound

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Upon entering the space, Green spat out a mouthful of blood. Zhao Hai and Meirin were shocked for a moment, then they quickly ran over and grabbed Green.



Green was pale, though fortunately he was conscious. Zhao Hai held Green and asked, “Grandpa Green, how are you?”



The weakened Green looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Master can rest assured, I won’t die. However, that was a Rank Nine deity which I can’t resist.”



Green’s body didn’t show any signs of being wounded. There wasn’t even a bone that was broken. But after Meirin checked on Green, she saw that his meridians were injured.



If it were only a flesh wound or a bone injury, then it wouldn’t be too serious and would just take a little time to recuperate. But if it were the meridians, then it was a very serious injury. It may not hurt much, but fundamentally, there was a chance that one could not be restored to their optimum state.



Zhao Hai wanted to say something when Green interjected. “Master, please go back to Fort Iron Mountain. Immediately transfer all the people there and pack up everything, even the undead, back into the space. This time, the Purcell clan would surely send someone to go there and it might even be Buffy who would be going.”



Zhao Hai was shocked for a moment and hadn’t reacted. Meirin, however, immediately said, “Master should hurry. A Rank Nine expert is fast and if Buffy arrives earlier than us moving everything, then we're done for.”



Zhao Hai immediately nodded to Meirin. “Grandma Meirin, I’ll leave Grandpa Green to you. Meg, Woodhead, follow me.” The three complied1 and followed Zhao Hai to Fort Iron Mountain.



The three people appeared in a flash at Fort Iron Mountain. Woodhead immediately organized the slaves so that they could enter the space in the shortest possible time.



Zhao Hai had actually placed various things around Fort Iron Mountain. Now, there were too many things in Fort Iron Mountain, so he could only take as much as he could. He went first to take the millstones and rollers, then took the rabbits and finally the people in the valley.



Zhao Hai hadn’t taken and removed the corn seedlings, allowing them to grow well. Buffy wouldn’t be able to see the corn seedlings anyway. Even if he could see them, he wouldn’t be able to recognize them.



Zhao Hai spent a day or so to collect everything. Then he let loose the undead in order to destroy the castle. Afterwards, he took them back inside the space.



The slaves also had a lot of things to pack up. Although some of these things were worthless, for the slaves they were very important. They weren’t willing to throw this and that away.



Zhao Hai really had no other means to take them away. Finally, after a busy night, Zhao Hai finished packing up by early morning. The castle was also restored to its originally ruined appearance.



Looking at the situation here, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but hate the fact that he hadn’t expected they would go back into the space. This wasn’t even because of the Magic Beasts rioting, but rather because of humans.



However, Zhao Hai felt thankful as after they entered the space, a figure appeared within Fort Iron Mountain. This man was Buffy. Zhao Hai took note of him while he was in Fort Iron Mountain. Zhao Hai felt shocked. For the first time, he understood how powerful a Rank Nine was.



From Casa City to Fort Iron Mountain, if they hurried along the normal path, it would still take a month’s time. Even if Zhao Hai used his oddly shaped und





ead, it would still take half a month of rushed travelling2.





What shocked Zhao Hai more was the fact that Buffy didn’t walk or run, but rather he flew through the air without anything to aid him.



Zhao Hai was shocked after seeing this scene.



“The greatest ability of a Rank Nine was to fly through spaces. Therefore, they were called pseudo-gods or Deities. Buffy entered Rank Nine more than nine years ago. As a Rank Nine, he is considered to be a powerful existence. Also, look at his appearance. It seems like he didn’t just come here to look for us. Master, please tell Drunk to be careful. Buffy might be entering the Carrion Swamp.” Meirin said all this sullenly as she sat beside him.



Meirin was in a bad mood. Green was badly hurt this time, with a lot of his meridians injured. It was difficult to think about his recovery. Even if he did recover in the future, they feared that he wouldn’t be able to return to his original state.



Zhao Hai coldly snorted. “Alright, we’ll just cut off the supply of food to the Purcell clan. Let’s see how they can cope with that.”



Meirin shook her head and said, “Master, it is not good to cut off their food supply. If we do, it will lead to retaliation from the Purcell clan. Even if we’re not the ones they will retaliate against, what about Miss Laura? We have no choice but to think about her too.”



Zhao Hai looked on calmly as he firmly shook a fist and said, ”Such a thing like this is considered finished? I am not that willing to reconcile.”



Meirin took a breath and patted Zhao Hai’s back. “Master, we need to endure for now. Later, once we are powerful enough, we can fight back against them.”



Zhao Hai also took a few breaths to calm himself down. This time, he really was furious. Green was an elder whom he respected. Since he had come here to the Ark Continent, Green had been continuously loving towards him. It was like he were his own grandfather since he cared so much for him. Now that Green had been injured by the Purcell clan; how could Zhao Hai not be angry?



Zhao Hai calmed down, turned to look at Meirin, and asked, “Grandma Meirin, how’s the situation with Grandpa Green?”



Meirin frowned. “It’s not good. His meridians were injured and if they aren’t properly handled, then his strength will regress. It may be impossible for him to become a Rank Eight expert again.”



Zhao Hai gritted his teeth and punched the table with his fist. He hated himself. Why couldn’t he enhance his level faster. If he did, then there would be better herbs that could be planted which could help Green recover.



After thinking about the herbs, Zhao Hai suddenly remembered that in his space, there were four magic peaches that were left untouched. When he’d received the magic peach, the space had prompted that the magic peach’s flesh could cure injuries.



With a thought, Zhao Hai turned his hand and a large peach appeared. He handed the peach to Meirin and said, “Grandma Meirin, please give this peach to Grandpa Green. The flesh of the peach could cure his injuries. However, I don’t know much about the effects. Also, please leave the seeds.”



Merin certainly knew what the magic peach was. However, she hadn’t known that the flesh of the fruit could cure injuries. Now that Zhao Hai had taken it out, she thought that it might be possible.



Meirin immediately took the magic peach. “Ok, I’ll show it to Green.” She stood up and walked out of the room.



Zhao Hai stood up and said, “I’ll go with you.”



They went to Green’s room where Green lay on his bed. His body looked so weak. He had a pale face and the usually serious and strong old man looked so weak right now.



Meg was the one taking care of Green. Meirin entered and immediately placed the peach in Green’s hand, saying, “Eat this immediately. Master had just taken this out and said that the flesh of this peach can treat wounds.”



Green was stunned for a moment, then he remembered that there was such a thing. He slowly sat up and impolitely raised the magic peach and took a bite.



He had just eaten through the skin and felt the peach juices flow out. Green hastened to suck it all in. The whole magic peach turned into peach juice and then something different as it flowed into his mouth.



After he extracted all of the juice from the peach, the skin of the peach also turned into liquid and was sucked by Green’s mouth. Now, only the seed remained in his hands.



Yes, the magic peach’s seed core was different. The seeds of a normal peach had a natural looking pit, while the magic peach’s seed was smooth. It was about five centimeters in diameter, dark brown in color, and had a white dot at the center. This small dot bulged. It looked nothing like a peach seed. It looked more like metal, a bit like a scaled down version of a grenade.



Zhao Hai and the others couldn’t help but be curious as they saw the peach pit. Although this peach pit had been inside the magic peach, the surface wasn’t sticky and it was actually very dry.



Green felt heat flowing through and surging within his body. He quickly placed the peach pit down and started cultivating.



Slowly, the heat flow grew bigger and bigger. Along with his Battle Qi, it flowed throughout his body. His damaged meridians, as long as this heat flowed through, would immediately feel comfortable. This feeling… let’s say it were like your whole body had soaked in a hot spring.



Green also studied the Wild Dragon Battle Qi3. In this world, Battle Qi was divided into two versions. One version was the attributed Battle Qi while the other was the non-attribute Battle Qi. The attributed Battle Qi only applied when the attribute of the body and Battle Qi were consistent with each other. Only then could one practice this. For example, if one had a wind element physique, then they could study Wind element Battle Qi. If one wanted to study water element Battle Qi, that would be impossible. They might even get injuries on their meridians, or have an accidental magic discharge.



Although this type Battle Qi had such a limit, it was undeniable that such Battle Qi was powerful. Moreover, practitioners with their own attributes that coincided would have a much faster speed while practicing. This attributed Battle Qi, however, was generally controlled by major clans, with little of it divulged to outsiders.



The other Battle Qi was the non-attribute Battle Qi. This non-attribute Battle Qi meant that anyone could learn it, no matter what constitution their body had. This was the non-attribute Battle Qi.



Non-attribute Battle Qi was also further divided into two parts. One was low-level and the other was high-level. Low-level non-attribute was very common on the continent. Every magic military academy4could learn it. Even the army taught some practitioners such non-attribute Battle Qi practice methods. Wanting to get a positive results from cultivating low-level non-attribute Battle Qi, however, was very difficult.



Another type was the high-level non-attribute Battle Qi. This type of Battle Qi’s power wasn’t any worse than the attributed Battle Qi, and the number of people that practiced this was very rare in the continent. The Buda clan’s Wild Dragon Battle Qi was a type that belonged to this group of high-level non-attribute Battle Qi.





Notes:



- This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice. Thanks.



- Please support the author if you love this novel.



- Please check out the Editor's footnotes, thanks.





1 If people remember from before, Stonehead is also supposed to be here. No idea where he went. Anyways, the three here includes Meirin. So Meirin, Meg, and Woodhead complied.↩



2 Earlier, when Green traveled towards Casa City for the withdrawal of the engagement, he did not leave from Fort Iron Mountain. Instead, he moved from Stony Mountain towards the road between Casa City and Fort Iron Mountain. Then he changed back into butler attire and rushed from there.↩



3 狂龙斗气 - Kuáng lóng dòuqì. I kinda like how some TLs use Douqi, but it can literally mean fight, struggle, battle Qi. Kuang is Wild, Crazy, Mad while Long is dragon. Wild Dragon Battle Qi.↩



4 魔武学校 - Mó wǔ xuéxiào. Literally Magic (魔) Military (武) School (学校). 魔 or Mó could also mean Devils.↩





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 156




Chapter 156



Chapter 156 - To Wait

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





After absorbing the Battle Qi, Green’s injuries were miraculously improving. He opened his eyes and saw Meirin. She stood before him with a worried expression and he couldn’t help but chuckle slightly. “Good stuff. The injuries are completely cured.”



Meirin and the others couldn’t help but be relieved. At the same time, Meirin asked, “Are you really fine? But your meridians had been injured,”



Green nodded his head and said, “I’m fine, really. This Magic Peach is really amazing. It seems we will have to save a few for our own use.”



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. Green stood up from the bed, looked at the crowd, and questioned, “Master, how are the arrangements for the slaves? Now that they are back in the space, I fear some of them won’t be that used to it.”



Zhao Hai nodded. The slaves had been used to life outside of the space where they had their own rooms along with their own meager possessions that they cherished a lot. Since they have returned to the space, they were somewhat sad.



Green said with a cold voice, “Purcell clan, you all just wait. Sooner or later, what you had given us, we will certainly return it.”



Zhao Hai also had an expression of hatred. This time, the Purcell clan really went too far. They even requested a Rank Nine expert to deal with them and they wanted to exterminate them all.



* * * * *



What the group didn’t know was that presently, the Purcell clan was more worried than them, especially Kaiser. Kaiser absolutely did not expect that even after he asked a Rank Nine expert, Green could still escape. If Buffy killed Green this time, then he could say it was fortunate. If they couldn’t kill Green, it would be very troublesome for the Purcell clan.



Although Buffy said he had injured Green, and that it was possible that Green wouldn’t make it back to Rank Eight, there was still Meirin who was also a Rank Eight water magician.



If Meirin came to confront the Purcell clan from the front, then they were not afraid. But they were afraid that Meirin would attack them from behind. The Purcell clan had a lot of business within the continent. Each year, they would send caravans along with some of the juniors of the clan to allow them to try and gain some experience. If Meirin wanted revenge, then she could retaliate and get rid of those people. Their losses would be big as they couldn’t just let a Rank Eight expert follow and protect all these people. After all, they didn’t have that many Rank Eight experts.



Kaiser felt sick as this was the plan he had put forward. Now, his plan could be regarded as a half-failure. If Buffy could also kill Meirin, then that was better. Otherwise, his plan would fail completely.



* * * * *



Buffy also felt that things were complicated. After he arrived at Fort Iron Mountain, he found out that there was no one there. He moved to search the surroundings of Iron Mountain, but still wasn’t able to find anyone, which made Buffy feel strange.



Rank Nine experts also had a weakness. That is, whenever they went somewhere, they liked to use their own divine sense1 to survey the place.



Divine sense was a unique ability used by Rank Nine experts, whether they were a warrior or a magician. Once practitioners reached the Rank Nine, they would gain divine sense. Before reaching Rank Nine, most practitioners could only achieve spiritual sense2 that could be used to observe and detect something inside their own bodies. A Rank Nine expert warrior could use their divine sense to cover a radius of on





e kilometer. Rank Nine magicians, however, usually had a stronger spirit than warriors. Their divine sense could cover a radius of up to three kilometers.



Upon Buffy’s arrival at Fort Iron Mountain, he had used his divine sense to investigate Iron Mountain and it had resulted in him not finding anyone. He even went inside Fort Iron Mountain and searched, but he really didn’t find anyone there.



If one were a mercenary, then you could have observed details such as the thickness of dust within Fort Iron Mountain to check if someone had just recently left. Buffy, however, couldn’t use such knowledge for this situation. If you wondered about his lifelong experience of murdering people, everything he knew about the person he was tasked to murder and their detailed information would already be provided. All he had to do was go to their door, kill the person, and then clean it up. This time however, he really didn’t know anything. He just took a glance through Fort Iron Mountain and found there was nobody there, so he flew towards Iron Mountain to search there.



He certainly wasn’t like others. As he flew, he searched Iron Mountain bit by bit while using his divine sense. In the end he still found no one as he flew by. Still, he hadn’t flown past the canyon where the corn was planted. Even if he did, he wouldn’t be able to recognize them.



Since Zhao Hai hadn’t been found, Buffy decided to turn and fly back instead of going to the Carrion Swamp to explore. Although Buffy didn’t care about the world, he was still loyal to the Purcell clan. Since he didn’t found Zhao Hai, he planned to return and tell the clan about it.



Even though Zhao Hai knew that Buffy had already left, he didn’t dare go out of the space. They didn’t know if Buffy was still around Fort Iron Mountain. If Buffy was still there and they went out, then they would be exposed. Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to stay longer within the space.



Also, Zhao Hai’s food transaction with the Purcell clan hadn’t been stopped and he hadn’t raised the prices. He was very clear that it was not the right time to increase the price. If they increased the price, then Purcell clan would try and retaliate. Though he wasn’t afraid of them, this was not the case for Laura. In order to not get Laura into trouble, they decided to continue their normal trading with the Purcell clan.



Kaiser’s mood wasn’t good as he sat within his office. Papers just lay on the table since he wasn’t in the mood to manage them.



Yesterday, he had planned everything properly. As long as Buffy killed Green with one strike, he could then send Rank Eight experts to the Black Waste and kill Meirin which would then settle this entire matter. He would then gain the support of most of the centrist elders, greatly stabilizing his position as the First Elder.



However, he hadn’t ever thought that Green would actually have an ancient magic tool which he could use to unexpectedly escape. Although he hadn’t heard of anyone using such ancient magic tools, since Buffy said it was so then it should be the truth. He could only hope that Buffy would be able to successfully find Meirin and kill them all. This would likely help him recover from the setback.



Kaiser sat spellbound, looking forward for Buffy to come back quickly to give him the news. This was because he felt that the Second and Third Elders had changed their looks towards him after Green escaped.



Kaiser understood what their gazes meant. The Second and Third Elders were waiting for him to make a mistake. If Buffy wasn’t able to destroy the Buda clan this time, then his good old days would be coming to an end.



With these thoughts, Kaiser couldn’t help but become irritable. He loudly called, “Lani, come here.”



Lani, who was outside, froze for a moment, but still immediately went to Kaiser and bowed. “Great Elder, what are your orders?”



Kaiser looked at Lani’s graceful figure that was hidden within her magic robes. He spoke with eyes full of desire, “Come here.”



Lani hadn’t been following Kaiser for a day of two, so she understood Kaiser’s meaning. Looking at Kaiser’s expression, she knew what he wanted to do. She wasn’t afraid, but instead gave a charming smile back3.



* * * * *



In the eyes of outsiders, on this day, the Purcell clan seemed just normal. However, the people within the clan actually understood that this was just the calm before the storm. Everyone was waiting for Buffy. If Buffy was successful, then there wouldn’t be any big happenings inside the Purcell clan. If Buffy failed, then it would be a huge storm blowing towards the Purcell clan. People there feared that there would be a necessary reshuffling of ranks.



Everyone in the Purcell clan waited for the news, while the other major forces in Casa City also sent messages to the Purcell clan members to inquire about any changes. They were all waiting for Buffy’s news.



Don’t underestimate the power of the other respected and large clans. They had placed spies in the Purcell clan, so as soon as an important matter happened in the Purcell clan, they would know of it and word will spread all over the continent. Even the high officials wouldn’t be spared from this.



This only meant that even if you were in a high position, you wouldn’t have any privacy. Of course, these words were only relative to other high ranking people and it would be impossible for the commoners to know about these matters that involved the senior officials.



Laura was among such forces. Laura now sat in her study, frowning. Nier4 was standing behind her as usual while Quinn John sat opposite of her, also frowning. The three of them didn’t say anything.



After some time, Laura loudly called, “Messenger.”



A servant who stood outside the room immediately came, bowing to Laura and asked, ”What are your orders, Young Lady?”



Laura said, “Are there any new reports about the Purcell clan?”



The servant bowed and said, “There has been no news yet as Buffy still hadn’t returned.”



Laura nodded and the servant bowed while retreating. Turning her head, Laura asked Quinn John, “Grandpa Quinn John, what do you presume the Purcell clan members are thinking? Why did they come up with such a thing this time around? This will affect our plans.”



Quinn John smiled bitterly and said, “What else but the pride of those great nobles as well as the extravagant actions of these aristocrats. The matter between the Purcell clan and the Buda clan is well known throughout the continent. This time, I heard that the head servant of the Buda clan is already a Peak Rank Eight. If someday he breaks through, it will be very troublesome with regards to the Purcell clan. Therefore, they went and looked for an excuse to kill the opposite party, but they hadn’t thought that their opponents would possess an ancient magic tool. This allowing them to escape. If Buffy is successful this time, then all the better. However, if he failed then the Purcell clan would have to live with it. As such, our plans will be affected.“



Laura stood up agitated. “These fellows are really… the Buda clan had already met with misfortune, and now they added insult to injury. They broke the engagement and made it so that they can extinguish them, which created so much trouble. If because of this matter, a civil war starts with the Purcell clan, then along with the issue of grain production, the large firms will certainly mobilise. I fear that food prices won’t be stable for long. ”



Quinn John smiled bitterly. “For now, we can only wait. If Buffy’s operation is successful, then everything is fine. If it is not successful, we have to think of a way. Oh, right. Young Lady, I think we should go and greet Mr. Zhao Hai ahead of time?”



Laura shook her head and said, “We should first wait for the exact news from the Purcell clan. Anyway, no matter what, this issue won’t affect Mr. Zhao Hai.”



Quinn John sighed and said, “I feel sorry for the Buda clan. This time, I fear they won’t be able to escape this difficult situation. After all, Buffy is a Rank Nine expert.”





Notes:



- This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice. Thanks.



- Please support the author if you love this novel.



- Please check out the Editor's footnotes, thanks.





1 神识 - Shén shí. Shén (神) can mean deity, god, spirit. Shí (识) can mean knowledge, recognition, understanding. As such, I decided to use 神识 as divine sense since divine knowledge just didn’t work in terms of imagery and wording. ↩



2 If you look up top, 神 can also mean spirit. Since people below Rank Nine can use this as well, but they aren’t termed Deities, it made more sense to convert it to Spiritual Sense. So Deities use Divine Sense while non-deities use Spiritual Sense, yet the words are basically the same… It just depends on who is using it.↩



3 *vomit action* I was expecting it, but… sigh.↩



4 Again, all previous incarnations of Near will be changed to Nier. Thanks to commenter Jinx for bringing up the desire to see that change. I was going for either Nier, or Neer, but Near was fine too. ↩





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 157




Chapter 157



Chapter 157 - News





Laura sighed and said, “I must say that the Buda clan really has had enough injustice. They knew they were only a small aristocrat, and then the King did that thing to them. Sadly, they hadn’t thought that it would actually push themselves to become the enemies of all the nobles.”



Quinn John replied, “It wasn’t that the Buda clan didn’t understand, it’s just that if they didn’t do it, they would die. However, it was the Old King of the Aksu Empire that had underestimated the strength of the old nobility.”



“The young master of the Buda clan really has bad luck,” said Laura. “I heard that the young master was called Adam. Although he was a dandy, he wasn’t wicked. Unfortunately, he was actually compelled to drink the Water of Nothingness. Although they has two Rank Eight experts, I fear that they cannot even guarantee their own lives. At that time, they were sent to the Black Waste while he still hadn’t regained consciousness. I really fear that they won’t escape unharmed from this disaster.”



Quinn John nodded and said, “A Rank Nine expert’s strength is not that simple. I heard that Green was injured with only one strike. To injure a Peak Rank Eight really shows the difference between Ranks Eight and Nine. ”



Laura replied, “Yes ah, from what Buffy said, Green was badly injured. Even if the injury was to be healed, his rank would definitely drop. Even though the Purcell clan hadn’t successfully killed off Green, it could be said that it caused the Buda clan the loss of an arm.”



Quinn John sighed. “This is strength. If the Buda clan had a Rank Nine expert, they could officially become a powerful aristocratic clan and no one would dare to do such a thing to them.”



The large aristocratic clans on the continent were typically ranked on two main aspects. One was that they should have a long history of inheritance. This would show that they were qualified to become a great aristocrat. The second was to look at their strength. As long as they had strength, even if they didn’t have a long history, they could still become a great aristocrat. Strength wasn’t measured by their wealth, but whether or not their clan had a Rank Nine expert.



It could be said that a Rank Nine expert didn’t only represent their strength, but also their influence. If it were to be compared to Earth, then they would be the nuclear weapons. They were the deterrent force, and the times they were used was very rarely.



Laura looked at Quinn John, saying, “Grandpa Quinn John, just how many Rank Nine experts does the Markey Dell1 clan have? We had allied with Mr. Zhao Hai, but he’s only a Rank Eight expert. Would he really be able to help us? ”



Quinn John was smiling when he replied, “Of course. Although the Markey Dell clan seems very powerful, in fact, the clan only has two Rank Nine experts. They should be in closed-door cultivation throughout the years, thus they wouldn’t be moved so easily. The clan has an abundant amount of Rank Eight experts, but Mr. Zhao Hai himself is a Rank Eight Black Magician which no one would want to mess with. Along with his two formidable followers, there would be three Rank Eight experts with us. If you add up this old man, then the clan won’t easily move against us. ”



Laura nodded after hearing what Quinn John said. She understood that their strength was not weak; four Rank Eight experts would be enough to maintain a small clan within the continent.



With this thought, Laura couldn’t help but be happy. Then she said, “Grandpa Quinn John, our business recently has been very good. I will wait till this





storm passes and then immediately contact Mister with regards to the meat processing plant matter. I see that it looks as though Mister is in need of money. ”



Quinn John immediately nodded and said, “We should do this thing. Mister has been really helpful to us too. This time, if not for the words of Mister, we would have a difficult time surviving here in the Purcell Duchy.”



Laura also nodded her head. It may seem like the food crisis wouldn’t have much effect, but for Laura, relatively speaking it was very important. If, during this time, they weren’t able to get food from Zhao Hai, then they wouldn’t have any commodities to sell which would cause a rise in the prices of food. The commoners rarely ate meat, which in turn will reduce the demand for such commodities, further affecting the Higanbana shops.



They didn’t want to lobby to not increase the price as this somewhat offended those merchants. If they really let those businessmen succeed, then they would start to suppress Laura. Even if they didn’t directly handle Laura, they could suppress them through trade. This would make Laura think of whether or not to stay within the Purcell Duchy.



Laura wanted to add and borrow the strength of Zhao Hai, as she was grateful to Zhao Hai. But she also feared that Zhao Hai’s camp might be stronger than her’s. Furthermore, Zhao Hai had a large territory that supported him, so Laura needed to be careful.



Quinn John looked at Laura. “If I remember correctly, Mr. Zhao Hai said he wanted some magic plant seeds? Then we should begin to prepare them. By the way, we should also give Mr. Zhao Hai some common magic beasts. Although Mister needs the money now, if we send these things I’m sure Mister would accept them.”



“Alright,” Laura said, nodding. “We will begin the preparations now. If only we didn’t have such an issue, we would have already begun.” Then Laura called for someone, explaining the matters that needed to be handled.



Laura’s influence in the Purcell Duchy wasn’t small. Now that she was in cooperation with the Purcell clan, it could be said that her position inside the Purcell Duchy was very high. It was to the point where even the Purcell clan would give her face.



* * * * *



It was tranquil now within Casa City, but underneath it all there were dark waves surging as everyone waited for Buffy’s news. The large clans were also secretly getting ready. If Buffy delivered good news, then they would give up. If Buffy delivered a bad news, then they wouldn’t be polite.



As long as the Purcell clan didn’t send their Rank Nine experts, these large firms weren’t afraid of the Purcell clan. Also, behind them was, after all, support from the other large clans. If the Purcell clan really dared to use their Rank Nine experts to deal with them, then the large clans that backed them up would definitely send their own Rank Nine experts. By that time, the Purcell clan would suffer further losses.



Kaiser ruled the Purcell clan for too long. Since the Purcell Duchy was their jurisdiction, he could do whatever he wanted. He began to grow proud and arrogant in his thoughts. He felt that as long as they could move their Rank Nine experts, then they could intimidate those large firms. What he had forgotten was that those large firms also had their own Rank Nine experts. If they really had to be dealt with by a Rank Nine expert, then those firms wouldn’t be polite.



The day passed calmly, which was the same for the next day. Since Buffy hadn’t returned, everyone continued to wait quietly. Then, Buffy finally came back on noon of the third day.



Zhao Hai had been paying attention to the situation with the Purcell clan while inside the space, especially when he saw Buffy. Buffy landed on the yard of the Purcell clan, in the area near where Green had previously disappeared from when he went back into the space. This allowed Zhao Hai to see him.



Buffy’s arrival alarmed everyone. One could say that the entire Casa City’s big influences had their nerves tightened at once.



After Kaiser had gotten the news, he arrived in the earliest possible time at the yard. He saw that Buffy stood quietly in the yard and was not moving.



Kaiser entered the courtyard to meet Buffy. He quickly gave his greetings and bowed. “This one has seen the Enshrined Deity. This old man would just want to ask Sir if they had found the Buda clan people?”



Kaiser knew Buffy’s temper. Being polite to him wouldn’t be of use, but directly asking him what you wanted to know would allow Buffy to naturally tell you the answer.



Buffy shook his head and said, “I didn’t find him. I searched the entire Black Waste, but there was not even a shadow of the Buda clan, not even at Fort Iron Mountain. I came back to tell you of this matter. You have to be ready as I’m going to explore the Carrion Swamp. If there’s a matter, don’t bother coming to look for me.” Having said that, his body disappeared from the area.



Buffy was gone and Kaiser’s face was now difficult to describe. He didn’t expected that Buffy wouldn’t be able to find the Buda clan. With regards to him, this was very bad news.



Almost at the same time, the other large clans also received the news. With regards to them, this news was good but they hadn’t immediately increased the food prices. Rather, they sent their representatives to the Second and Third Elders.



At the Purcell clan, the Second and the Third Elder were in a power struggle with the First Elder. Although the large clans knew about this, the matter wasn’t anything new to them. Most of the large clans had this kind of situation. They contacted the Second or the Third Elder in hopes that this time around, they could give their support to either the Second or Third Elders. With this, they could then propose to increase the food prices.



Although, this idea was contradictory. If they raised the prices, that in itself would put the Purcell clan in a bad position. So, how could they get the support of the Second and the Third Elders?



Laura also heard the news, but she only felt sad. She knew that the Purcell clan would usher forth a storm, and she would also be affected by this turmoil.



Large clans used any means that could be used in order to obtain their high position. This time around, the First Elder had made a huge mishap. The attack to his prestige due to this wasn’t small. Wanting to shake the foundation of the First Elder, however, wouldn’t be so easy. After all, the First Elder had ruled over the Purcell clan for so many years. Naturally, he would have his own methods to deal with this matter. However, it was undeniable that this was the First Elder’s weakest moment.



If the First Elder wasn’t able to solve this personal matter, then he could be considered to really be in trouble. This time, the issue that would be a problem would be the food crisis.



For those in a high position, the First Elder’s enemies could sacrifice some interests of the Purcell clan. They could cooperate with those merchants to increase the food prices. After the prices had risen, naturally, the First Elder wouldn’t be able to solve it. Then they would take this opportunity to make the First Elder step down. In their eyes, the increase in prices would just affect the life and death of the commoners. To them, the lives of these commoners wasn’t as important compared to power.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 158




Chapter 158

Chapter 158 - Forgetting a Person



Laura restlessly walked back and forth around the study. For her, Buffy had brought back really bad news.

She was sympathetic towards the Buda clan, but now that Buffy hadn’t completed his task, it would mean that the Purcell clan would have internal disorder. For her, this was definitely bad news.

If it hadn’t happened now, then it would have just been like other times where only the Purcell clan would become chaotic. Right now however, this was related to the lives of other humans. This meant that it wouldn’t only affect the members of the Purcell clan, but also the millions of commoners within the Purcell Duchy.

Quinn John frowned as he sat in the study. He really didn’t know what to do in this situation. They wanted to intervene with this issue, but if they failed to fix it, then they would fall deeper into the whirlpool.

The problem was that if they didn’t get involved, then no matter what the outcome was, the first ones to be in a bad situation would be them. So, they could only get involved.

However, involvement and participation were different. Getting involved was most essential as long as the opportunity and the method used was correct. Not only could they preserve themselves, but they could also receive the maximum benefit.

Suddenly, a servant ran from outside and bowed to Laura. “Young Lady, we just received a message. The Cena clan1 and several other clans have made their move. They didn’t raise the prices however. They only sent their representatives to the Second and Third Elders.”

Laura wrinkled her brow and waved her hand. “Go down and look for any new circumstances, then tell me right away.” The servant complied while bowing and retreated.

Laura looked at Quinn John and said, “Grandpa Quinn John, what do you think the Cena clan wants to do? Do they wish to help the Second or the Third Elders in order to gain a higher position?”

“I’m afraid this is the case,” Quinn John said, nodding. “If the Second or Third Elders really do form an alliance with them, then they would even give up on the food price action. So long as they could help either elder gain a superior post, they could then receive help in return. When that time comes, they will surely dominate the market throughout the whole Purcell Duchy. Their calculations this time is very fine.”

Laura frowned and said, “Then what should we do? Are we just going to wait until we are in a disadvantaged position?”

Quinn John’s eyes flashed. “Wait? Of course we cannot wait. If we become more passive, in the end we will be pushed aside by them. Don’t even think of looking at the matter of us helping the Purcell clan with regards to this food crisis, and that they would be grateful to us. That is useless. For them, so long as there’s enough benefits, they would sacrifice anything. What we have to do now is to send a representative to someone in the Purcell clan and give him our support. Even if he cannot win, at least he will have some right to speak in the Purcell clan. That is the way we can preserve our business.”

Laura was surprised for a moment and asked, “Who is it then? My fear is that the Cena clan already made contacts with the Second and Third Elders. Even if we go now, we’re too late.”

Quinn John slightly chuckled. “Do not forget that there is a person within the Purcell clan who also had authority. However, he helped the Buda clan and was forced to have his authority suppressed. Isn't this a good chance?”

Laura was surprised for a moment. She immediately thought of whom Quinn John was referring to. It was the titular Clan Lord, the Grand Duke of the Purcell Duchy, Evan.

Before, Evan





’s power wasn’t much worse than the elders. Because he was young, he didn’t have much experience in political struggles. Adding to the fact that he had helped the Buda clan, his authority became suppressed by the greater elders. Along with him laying low, seemingly uncaring, this made him into a wooden, ornamental figure. This was also why Laura never really thought of him.

Quinn John looked at Laura, chuckling. “Recently, Evan has completely laid low and people have already forgotten his presence. But isn’t this just his wise plan? Does he really have nothing in his hands? False. Although his authority has been suppressed, he isn’t just a mere figurehead. He still has some power, but his recent forbearance kept it hidden, so people had forgotten he existed.”

Laura thought about it and said, “That does seem to be the case. Since the Buda clan issue, Evan has been very low profiled. Too low profiled that people have even forgotten about him. If he really does have some power in his hands, and we help him, perhaps he can grasp this opportunity.”

Quinn John continued to chuckle. “That’s what I mean. Right now, we need to break things down into two groups. First, meet Evan. Young Lady, you shouldn't be the one to come forward and meet him this time. This matter is widely known and the target is too big. So, I’ll handle that affair. You should immediately go to Mr. Zhao Hai and tell him about the situation here. Clearly talk to him about this so that Mister could also be prepared. ”

Laura nodded her head and said, “Alright, I’ll go immediately while Grandpa Quinn John can meet with Evan.” She walked out with Nier after saying that.



* * * * *

In Casa City, the large clans were all focused at the Purcell clan when people suddenly discovered that Laura sat in a carriage that was heading out of the city, straight towards the direction of Stony Mountain.

With Laura out of the city, it made those large clans relax. To be honest, they now had a knot of enmity with Laura, but they actually didn’t dare to move against Laura. Laura wasn’t just a member of the Markey Dell clan, but was also backed by a black magician with unfathomable strength.

These large clans also knew that the Purcell clan cooperated with Zhao Hai. At this level, doing this hiddenly and secretly wasn’t possible. Precisely because of this, those people felt the fearsomeness of Zhao Hai.

For a long time, Garan2 had been a famous and powerful Rank Eight light magician on the continent and was known as a difficult adversary for black magicians. Previously, he led an army along with a countless number of experts. Unexpectedly, they were silently exterminated, thus showing how terrifying Zhao Hai’s strength was.

These people all knew about the relationship between Zhao Hai and Laura. Zhao Hai had saved Laura’s life and also produced commodities, which he then allowed Laura to sell. This had settled to become an alliance between them. In this case, offending Laura was equivalent to offending Zhao Hai. Most importantly, Zhao Hai was a black magician, an entity they didn’t want to mess with.

These people thought that Laura was going to Zhao Hai to tell him about the current situation of Casa City. They were not worried so long as this move wouldn’t interfere with their plans.

Laura leaving the city wasn’t only to inform Zhao Hai about the current situation of Casa City. It was also to attract the attention of these large clans, which made it easier for Quinn John to approach Evan.

This time, Laura travelled faster than her previous journeys as it took less than half a day to reach Stony Mountain. Zhao Hai also received the message that Laura had arrived at the foot of the mountain. Green immediately received Laura at the mountain.

After Zhao Hai greeted Laura in the living room, he let her sit down and directly asked, “Miss Laura, are you here this time to talk about the Purcell clan’s incidence? I heard that the Purcell clan is now in a little bit of trouble.”

Laura knew of Zhao Hai’s intelligence gathering capability as she had experienced it before, so she was not surprised this time. She just smiled and said, “I’m afraid that this time, the trouble is not small. Rather, they are in big trouble.”

This made Zhao Hai stare. They didn’t fully understood what the situation of the Purcell clan was. Even Meirin and Green didn’t knew about it either.

Zhao hai was puzzled and asked, “Isn’t it just about the engagement being broken off? They wanted to kill people because of it, so what trouble are you talking about?”

Laura smiled. “It is how you said, Mister. Mister probably doesn’t know that this time around, the Purcell clan might have some civil strife.”

Zhao Hai frowned and said, “Really? You should be careful of what you’re saying.”

Laura nodded her head. “In the Purcell clan, the Clan Lord supposedly holds the highest authority. Then the Elders Assembly , wherein the First Elder is the existence that supervises the Clan Lord. Further on, the elders have the ability to impeach the Clan Lord in cases where he had significantly offended the clan.

“However, right now in the Purcell clan, the Grand Duke, Clan Lord Evan, doesn’t have much authority and power. Evan became the Clan Lord at a very young age. Since their clan’s First Elder, Kaiser, had been managing the clan’s affairs for so many years, it became the main reason why his influence is so strong. Seeing Evan being inexperienced, Kaiser took opportunities to suppress his authority. Later, he had heard of Evan’s friendship with the Buda clan. When the Buda clan’s disaster happened, Evan tried to help the Buda clan secretly. Due to this matter, his authority was suppressed even further. Now the power in the Purcell clan is concentrated in the hands of the three greater elders, with a large part of it in Kaiser’s hands while the other two elders had only a little difference between each other.”

Zhao Hai’s face was hidden under the magic robe while Green’s armor blocked off his face. Of course, this meant Laura couldn’t see their faces, so naturally, she didn’t discovered their looks of shock.

Especially for Green. Green hated Evan even more because of Evan’s previous friendship with Adam’s father. He thought that when they had gotten into trouble, the Purcell clan had added insult to their injuries and he thought Evan was the one pulling the strings. Now he knew that Evan helped them secretly, even paying such a large price because of it3.

Laura saw that the two men4 didn’t say anything, so she continued, “This time, the Buda clan’s Head Servant suddenly appeared in Casa City to break off the marriage engagement they had with the Purcell clan. Kaiser saw that the Buda clan’s Head Servant Green was already a Peak Rank Eight expert. For fear of retaliation once Green breaks through to the Ninth Rank, they asked their Guardian Deity, Buffy, to kill him. However, they didn’t think that Green would have an ancient magic tool that unexpectedly allowed him to escape.

“Buffy then went to the Black Waste to chase down the Buda clan, but he didn’t find them. This became Kaiser’s utter failure. He had been the one to initiate the plan to please and request for the Rank Nine Guardian Deity’s assistance, which was a big move. This time, Kaiser had forcefully advocated for this plan and finally, it didn’t succeed which is a great blow for Kaiser. Now, the large clans in Casa City have taken the opportunity to initiate contact and cause competition among the elders. It seems like civil strife for the Purcell clan will be inevitable.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 159




Chapter 159



Zhao Hai quietly listened to Laura. He hadn’t thought that this matter would have such dire consequences. He clearly understood that if a civil strife happened within the Purcell clan right now, then it would affect the entire Purcell Duchy.

While Zhao Hai hated the Purcell clan, that didn’t mean he hated everyone that lived inside the Purcell Duchy. If he really hated the whole of the Purcell Duchy, then he wouldn’t have sold the Purcell clan food during this food crisis.

However, if civil strife really happened in the Purcell clan, then all that they had done before would’ve been in vain. The most important part was the impact of this to Laura.

Zhao Hai wouldn’t let Laura have an accident right now. Laura was the only channel he had to sell his products from the Space. If anything were to happen to Laura, he wouldn’t be able to find and trust others to sell for him. With regards to Zhao Hai, this would be a large blow. Right now, the development of the Black Waste still needed a lot of funds.

Looking at Laura, Zhao Hai asked, “What about Buffy?”

“I heard that Wind Saint Buffy is going to explore the Carrion Swamp,” Laura replied. “However, I think this is an ominous decision. Going to the Carrion Swamp isn’t good.”

Zhao Hai froze for a moment and couldn’t help but smile. He really hadn’t thought that Buffy would unexpectedly still want to go to the Carrion Swamp,. Fortunately, he hadn’t brought the slaves out of the Space. Otherwise, as Buffy went on his way to the Carrion Swamp, he would possibly have seen them.

“Miss Laura, what do you mean by that?” Zhao Hai asked, looking at Laura.

“I came here to inform Mister about the situation in Casa City,” she replied. “Also, Mister should be prepared. Mister should pay attention to any large firms who may be cornered and act against Mister out of desperation. Furthermore, we are currently ready to make a deal with Evan and help him seize the authority a Grand Duke rightfully has. In the entire Purcell clan, only Grand Duke Evan can work with us. Since Grand Duke Evan has some conscience, he will still care about the lives of those commoners currently living in the Purcell Duchy.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “I have no problem with that. Rest assured, if you require any help, then we will come to your aid. Also, I still have more than five hundred thousand kilograms of bamboo rice. If you wish, you may pick them up.”

Laura was surprised for a moment. She really hadn’t thought that there could still be so much bamboo rice in Zhao Hai’s hands. This was too unexpected.

Naturally, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to lack such stock. Zhao Hai had started stocking up even before Laura ran out of her own stored food. To be exact, the amount of bamboo rice that he had stocked up for emergencies wasn’t only this five hundred thousand kilograms. Instead, it was nearly 1.5 million kilograms. Zhao Hai hadn’t put them all out at once, but only an amount that was enough to last them each trip1.

Laura was overjoyed as she said, “This Laura thanks Mister. If this time around, we lose the battle against the big firms, then those big firms are likely to start releasing their own stores of food. By then, Mister wouldn’t have any need to prepare such large amounts of food.”

Zhao Hai was somewhat taken aback, but he understood what would happen. If these big firms really did help the Second or Third Elder seize power right away, then they could reduce the price of the food they release. Then the market in the Purcell Duchy would be stabilized for just a short time. They would help the person whom they supported in order to secure the position, which would initially make them lose some money.

Although this was the case,





if the person they helped could seize the position, then they could lord over the market within the Purcell Duchy. When that time comes, if they wanted to make money it would be a piece of cake.

“Alright Miss Laura,” Zhao Hai said, nodding. “I will say it again; if ever you encounter any trouble, you may come here to Stony Mountain. I can protect you even against a Rank Nine.”

If it were before, then Laura would have been suspicious about the use of ancient magic tools. But now, she had no doubts about it. Don’t forget, Green had used something like that. Although she hadn’t seen it, Green had indeed escaped from a Rank Nine expert and kept his life. This was fact.

Similarly, Laura now understood the value of an ancient magic tool. Laura bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Laura thanks Mister.”

Zhao Hai chuckled. “Miss Laura, when you left this time, you wanted to attract the attention of those people, right? If so, then don’t hurry and return. Stay for dinner. I have prepared the fire fish dishes Miss Laura likes to eat.”

Laura complied, smiling, and agreed to stay for a while. It wasn’t the time to eat yet, so Zhao Hai arranged a room for Laura to stay and rest in.

After Laura left the parlour room, Zhao Hai looked at Green. “Grandpa Green, what do you think of this matter?”

Green smiled lightly and said, “We cannot control them, so just let them fight each other. Anyways, there is no benefit for us there. If those big firms really dare to move against us, then we won’t be polite.

“On the other hand, inform Drunk and tell them to pay attention. If they see Buffy, they should immediately return. So what if Buffy is going to the Carrion Swamp? For so many years now, a lot of Rank Nines have entered the Carrion Swamp. In the end, only a few have come back alive. If Buffy were to return alive, we can first observe. If he is injured, then we must keep him here forever. That way, we can break off one of the large arms that supports the Purcell clan.”

Zhao Hai slightly chuckled. “I didn’t think that things would actually become like this. And remember, Laura had said that Evan secretly helped us. Do you think this matter is true or false?”

Green, with a deep voice, said, “This matter is likely to be true. I felt that the ways the Purcell clan did things had been a little different and this doesn’t seem to be Evan’s doing. I had seen Evan before and he didn’t seem to be an ungrateful person. I always felt that it was very strange. Why had Evan changed so much after becoming the Clan Lord? Also, our clan had been assigned to the Black Wastes and actually hadn’t been exterminated by the great aristocrats. I had always felt that someone had assisted us with this matter. If my guess is correct, I am afraid that it could only be Evan.”

Zhao Hai nodded and asked, “Then, should we help Evan?”

Green smiled. “This isn’t something we should intervene in, so as to avoid exposure. If, however, we do put our feet in, it will likely usher in a counter attack from the collaboration of the Purcell clan and the large firms. You must remember, our current status right now is that of a black magician. That kind of person isn’t popular on the continent.”

Zhao Hai thought about it and then replied, “Anyhow, right now we can just be onlookers. We cannot let our identities be exposed. Therefore, in this matter, we won’t participate. In any case, Laura will surely help Evan. If Laura fails, it could be considered as us failing too, so I fear we wouldn’t be much help.”

Green smiled. “It is true that right now, we just can’t let our identities be exposed. Once exposed, we won’t have a place on the entire continent to go to. Fortunately, with our present status, people won’t dare to act rashly against us. As long as we don’t initiate any trouble, we shouldn’t have a problem.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “However, if necessary we should also give Laura some help. If Laura does fail, then we won’t have a place to ship our products. The Space produces so many things. If we aren’t able to sell them, then that wouldn’t be good.”

“That’s fine,” Green replied. “If Laura really encounters danger, then we will surely help. After all, our relationship with them swings both ways, so nobody can say anything about it if we help. ”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Grandpa Green, please go and greet Laura. I will go and ask Grandma Meirin to prepare lunch. I will also tell Drunk about the news about Buffy along the way.”

Green nodded and turned around. Zhao Hai went into the Space where Meirin was currently teaching the slaves. He moved her out of the Space in order to prepare lunch. Afterwards, he told Drunk of the news about Buffy, warning them to be careful.

Although the slaves were sad when they entered the Space, they looked far better now. It was thanks to Zhao Hai’s decision to hand out the blue-eyed rabbits. After they entered the Space this time, Zhao Hai gave them meals with lots of meat and vegetables. Such treatment was far better than compared to when they were outside of the Space. This made their mood slowly become better.

Moreover, Zhao Hai had promised them that the things they left behind before entering the Space would be given back after they go out, so they shouldn't be worried. He continued to let Meirin teach them how to read, which made the slaves feel even better.

After hearing that Zhao Hai wanted her to prepare lunch for Laura, Meirin felt very happy. In her view, Zhao Hai had just decided that Laura would be his wife, although he hadn’t declared such yet. At least, Laura coming here often would be good. It would be even better if she came every day.

Zhai Hai looked helplessly at Meirin’s expression. After moving Meirin out, Zhao Hai didn’t bother leaving the Space. He simply stayed inside, waiting till it was time for dinner before exiting.

Seeing Zhao Hai’s reaction, Meg couldn’t help but feel relieved. She really did fear that Zhao Hai would also like being with Laura, that when the time comes he wouldn’t want her.

Zhao Hai didn’t go and teach the slaves. Instead, he let them take a rest. Then him, Meg, and Woodhead sat in the Space’s spatial hall. He reiterated the news that Laura had told them earlier to Meg.

Meg really hadn’t thought that matters would end up like this. Zhao Hai wasn’t even finished talking when Woodhead interrupted, “Good, go ahead and let them fight each other. The more they fight, the more it is going to be favorable for us. If they fight each other, they won’t have time to give us trouble and we can stay secured.”

However, Meg’s concern was actually for another matter. She looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Master, if the Grand Duke Evan really did secretly help us, then won’t your engagement with the Purcell clan still be valid?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That would be impossible. After all, the marriage proposal had already been drawn back, thus, it is not effective anymore. Even if Evan had really secretly helped us, we will only look for an opportunity to help him back or I’ll allow myself to make a deal with them at a later time. Also, I heard that Evan’s daughter doesn’t have that good a reputation within the Purcell Duchy. Our Buda clan cannot take in such goods. Our little Meg is better than Evan’s daughter by a thousand times.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 160




Chapter 160



This was the first time Zhao Hai teased Meg, so she couldn’t help but be surprised. Then Meg blushed, pouting with embarrassment. “Master is making fun of me.”

Zhao Hai chuckled as he felt secretly relieved. Although Zhao Hai was an otaku and had never fallen in love, he wasn’t a fool. He had the impression that Meg favored him a little. After getting along with each other for some time, Zhao Hai also had a very good impression of Meg. The reason why he teased Meg was to see her reaction. If she didn’t got angry, then it meant that Meg liked him, which made him relieved.

Woodhead was also surprised when Zhao Hai teased Meg, since this was also his first time hearing him do so. However, he didn’t say anything about it.

Meg’s face was red, but her heart was secretly delighted. She had long been together with Zhao Hai, yet the way he treated her wasn’t salty, nor was it pale. She didn’t dare to reveal her loving emotions towards Zhao Hai and only showed it silently.

Although Zhao Hai said these things today, it was nothing much. It also wasn’t the reason why Meg’s heart felt delighted. Rather, it was because Zhao Hai had praised her in a way that looked like he was praising a beloved. Even if it was done in a joking tone, this didn’t stop the quickening beat of a young girl’s heart, one who was in love for the first time.

Zhao hai didn’t tease Meg excessively. He knew that Meg was thin-skinned, so if he were to say anything more, it might embarrass Meg and she might run away. He didn’t want to be known as a smooth-talker; it just wasn’t his character.

After the three talked for a while, Zhao Hai felt that time was running out so he proceeded to move Meg out of the Space. Laura had already met Meg before, so if she wasn’t present today, Laura might get suspicious. Thus, Zhao Hai brought Meg along with him out of the Space. He left Woodhead to look after the slaves. Afterwards, Meg made a good meal and it was sent to them.

Laura and Nier arrived at the dining area. Zhao Hai had already been seated and was waiting for them. Laura greeted Zhao Hai, “I have made Mister wait for a long time, please excuse us. We had been tired from travelling on the carriage for so long and, unknowingly, we had fallen asleep.”

Zhao Hai chuckled slightly and said, “It's alright, I had also just arrived. Miss Laura, please sit down. Make yourself at home and you don’t have to be too polite.”

Meirin and Meg placed the food on the table as Green sat down next to Zhao Hai. The dish today was primarily bread, along with a lot of vegetables, though most of them had previously been tasted by Laura in the past.

Laura ate these fragrant dishes which could only be eaten here at Zhao Hai’s place. She couldn’t usually eat these dishes at her home. This wasn’t because of a lack of ingredients, but rather because she couldn’t cook them.

Suddenly, Laura didn’t know if she was just imagining it, but she felt that Zhao Hai’s maid had a trace of hostility in her eyes. She also felt that the eyes of Zhao Hai’s cook was also filled with something unknown. This made her body uncomfortable.

Because of these feeling, Laura immediately said goodbye after eating and left. She didn’t understand the people around Zhao Hai. Why were they acting like this? What was the matter?

Laura frowned as she sat on a trunk, puzzledly thinking. Nier looked at Laura, and with a laugh she said, “Young Lady, have you seen Mister’s maid? She is very hostile towards you.”

Laura was surprised. She turned and looked at Nier. “You saw it too? I thought I was just imagining things. Have I offended the maid or done something that offended Mister?“

Nier smiled tenderly at t





his princess and said, “Young Lady is really silly; it doesn’t matter if you made a mistake. You didn’t notice the maid’s look towards Mister. To me, it looked like a look of love. For her, she obviously sees you as her rival. And remember that female cook who was sizing you up as she looked at your behind. I heard people saying that women with bigger butts have good fertility. I fear that the female cook was looking at yours to see if you had good fertility.”

Laura was stunned for a moment, then angrily retorted, “Smelly girl, stop talking about this crazy thing every day. Since you know about feelings and love, how about I find someone to marry you off to. ”

Nier only gave another tender smile. “Young Lady, don’t be angry. What I said are just facts. Looking at Young Lady, it seems like you’re good enough to give birth.”

Laura’s heart was somewhat strange. She was confused, especially when she hadn’t found out why Meirin and Meg had been looking at her. She hadn’t known what to do, and instead she had thought that she somehow offended Zhao Hai. Now that Nier had spoken, she once again recalled how Meirin and Meg looked at her. It really did seem like what Nier stated.

Nier’s soul was pure, which was why she could communicate with animals. Similarly, she was very sensitive to the changes in a person’s behaviour. Therefore, she had clearly observed that Meirin and Meg had often looked at Laura.

Laura was lost in thought as she really never thought that Meg would consider her as a rival. As far as she could understand, the reason why they looked at her was because she did something wrong and offended Zhao Hai.

If it were only a misunderstanding, then that would be fortunate. However, if the reason really was because of Zhao Hai, then the matter was a very big deal. That could probably explain why Meg still showed a good impression to her while in front of Zhao Hai.

With these thoughts, Laura couldn’t help but blush. Normally, she should be worried if Zhao Hai was the reason. Instead, she found that she wasn’t actually worried, only a little embarrassed as she faintly chuckled.

Laura was a very calm person. Quinn John had taught her early on about being sensible. When she encountered difficulties, she should be calm. This was the most basic requirement for being a businessman.

She soon found that she wasn’t feeling quite right, then immediately began to reflect on what she was doing. The result was that she got dizzier until she felt as if she were about to faint, but she still hadn’t gotten any clues. She finally gave up thinking about this matter. But this matter, along with her feelings, had planted a seed in her heart.

* * * * *

When she returned home, Quinn John had already come back and was drinking tea in the study. Laura entered the study, waved away the servants, and then whispered to Quinn John, “Grandpa Quinn John, how was it?”

Quinn John chuckled slightly. “It is done. Evan really does have power, and his power is not weak. Every centrist elders in the Purcell clan is his subordinate. He had secretly asked those elders to endure since early on and was just waiting for the opportunity. Right now, it is their chance to do so. Most importantly, you wouldn’t believe who is backing him up. It is one of the Guardian Deities of the Purcell clan, the Universal Origin Sword Saint. He is Evan’s grandfather as well!”

Laura paused for a moment, then said with happiness, “Great! With such a backing, things will be easier to handle now. However, since the Universal Origin Sword Saint is Evan’s grandfather, when Evan was treated as just a mere figurehead, why hadn’t he done anything? Also, if Evan is aware of all this, then towards Kaiser and those of the Elders Assembly, why didn’t he know of it? ”

Quinn John smiled. “What kind of an existence is the Universal Origin Sword Saint? Of course he knew, he just didn’t make a move. This is so that Evan could gain experience, otherwise, he wouldn’t be qualified to be the Clan Lord. Moreover, there’s a tradition in the Purcell clan that only the Clan Lord could see the Guardian Deities. Any other person wasn’t qualified to do so. This is probably why Kaiser didn’t know of the Universal Origin Sword Saint. Furthermore, the Universal Origin Sword Saint was already a Rank Nine dozens of years before Wind Saint Buffy. In the Purcell clan, the only one who knew of his identity would only be Evan.”

Laura stood up happily and walked around. She excitedly repeated, “Great. With such strength, this matter of associating with him is certainly marvelous. Grandpa Quinn John, what has Grand Duke Evan done to prepare?”

Quinn John lightly chuckled. “What we should do is allow them to play their tricks. These large clans want the First Elder to step down, so they will increase the price of food. Such a matter can’t be solved by the First Elder and this will naturally make him step down. Increasing the prices of food, however, will make us a big hurdle. We should expect that they will look for us soon and might even threaten us. So we will use this opportunity to invite Mr. Zhao Hai.

“We will allow the food prices to rise up, thus making the First Elder step down. Evan would then seize this opportunity to stand out with our cooperation by forcing the price of food down. Then the Universal Origin Sword Saint will come forward and act, fortifying Evan’s position as the Clan Lord. But, we will also need more food as we know that once the food prices falls, many will begin to buy food. Therefore, we should prepare and stock up food supplies. Even if it is expensive to buy them, we should still sell them cheaply.”

Laura chuckled. “What a coincidence. When I went to Mr. Zhao Hai, he told me that he had more than five hundred thousand kilograms of grain. As long as we are ready to pick it up, we can immediately get them. Ha ha, did Mister already think of this?”

Quinn John stared for a moment. He looked puzzledly at Laura and asked, “Young Lady, do you mean to say that aside from the normal food supply, you can also get five hundred thousand kilograms of grain?”

Laura shook her head and said, “I’m afraid that may not be the case. Mister said that he currently has over five hundred thousand kilograms,. I actually don’t know how much more, but I presume it won’t be less than seven hundred and fifty thousand kilograms. ”

Quinn John said, “He can take out five hundred thousand kilograms of grain and still supply one hundred seventy five thousand kilograms everyday. In the end, how large is his territory?”

Laura smiled wryly as she was also curious about this matter, but hadn’t thought of asking. Zhao Hai’s body hid too many secrets which she didn’t know about. Up to now, it hadn’t been long since she first met Zhao Hai. Therefore, she didn’t mention or ask about these things.

Quinn John was out of breath for a moment. “Anyway, I will manage the supply that we currently have. In the meantime, as we wait for these large firms to come looking for us, you should again visit Mister. Explain everything to Mister and clearly speak to him about this matter as well as ask him for help. ”

Laura nodded her head. “Alright, I will. I have seen that Mister doesn’t know much about the matters of the Purcell clan. While this matter is irrelevant to Mister, we can assume that he would help.”

Quinn John punctually nodded. He turned around and looked out the window. “As long as this matter gets resolved, the Purcell Duchy will be our world.”

Laura eyes also shone as she looked out the window excitedly.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 161




Chapter 161



Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to think about these matters as his attention was focused on the Carrion Swamp. Laura had told him that Buffy was heading towards the Carrion Swamp, and Zhao Hai had previously tasked Drunk to explore there. Unfortunately, they weren’t that deep in the swamp. So long as Buffy entered the area, they would definitely be found.

This time, as Green had said, their goal was to catch Buffy off guard. People on the continent knew that the Carrion Swamp wasn’t an easy place to explore, and even a Rank Nine expert would face dangers, Even if they survived and came out, they would be severely wounded. If Buffy came out from the Carrion Swamp injured, then Zhao Hai definitely wouldn’t let him return to the Purcell clan.

Although Zhao Hai already knew that Evan wasn’t the one who moved against them, the truth remained that the Purcell clan did attack them. They could let Evan go, but the enmity between them and the Purcell clan wouldn’t be easily forgotten.

Moreover, Buffy had injured Green and even went to the Black Wastes to search for them. His aim was to eventually kill them, which then led to them retreating back into the Space. Such a big enmity, how could Zhao Hai not repay it?

Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about what would happen to Drunk and his team. Although Drunk was a zombie that looked like a human, he could still be easily be found out by a Rank Nine expert’s divine sense. Even so, if Buffy found them, he wouldn’t be able to lift his hands so easily. After all, they were in the Carrion Swamp, an extraordinary place. If he did move, then it wouldn’t be any different than courting death. Don’t forget, probably more than two Rank Nine experts had died in the Carrion Swamp,

Since Zhao Hai wasn’t sure when Buffy would be arriving in the Carrion Swamp, he didn’t let the slaves leave the Space. Right now, all they can do was wait.

Zhao Hai wasn’t worried, especially now that the land inside had increased greatly. Even if he obtained more than a hundred people, there wouldn’t be a problem. Now, all he had to do was wait.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai was a patient person. They weren’t aware that Buffy had already left Casa City and immediately came and searched Fort Iron Mountain to once again look for them1. He’s stayed for some time at Fort Iron Mountain. After careful observations, he still found no one. Thus, he decided to enter the Carrion Swamp.

While Zhao Hai waited patiently, the situation in Casa City was different as it became very lively recently. The Second and Third Elders moved in all directions. They vied for the support of the large clans, and naturally, they even went to look for Laura.

However, this time, it wasn’t just a single clan that was looking for Laura. Instead, all of the clans joined together to look for her.They wanted to force her to admit defeat.

It was very clear to these large clans that if they wanted to make their plans successful, Laura would have to be a part of it. She was the biggest hindrance to making the First Elder step down. If they couldn’t convince her, then Laura would continuously provide food, thus making their plan impossible to execute.

So regardless of how they wanted to deal with the First Elder, they should first clear the hurdle that was Laura. That was why these clans joined up to look for her.

They thought that Laura would be difficult to persuade, but they hadn’t thought that Laura would so easily agree. Of course it was relatively easy. Laura, however, had her own conditions, and that was to have a share in their success.

Laura wanted to get a share of the sales in the Purcell Duchy. Now, no matter who would sit at the top, she wouldn’t be suppressed. Furthermore, she would also like to increase her share of the sales of daily nece





ssities in the Purcell Duchy.

Such conditions were already expected by these big firms, but they were still surprised. They then thought they were the same people crossing the same river, and thought that Laura’s decision to help them against the Purcell clan was so that she could reap the benefits2. Otherwise, it would be in vain if she stayed with the Purcell clan. Now, with this failure of the First Elder, impending changes were at hand. Naturally, one needed to prepare a way out for oneself. Since she had helped the Purcell clan in the competition against the firms before, this was the condition she placed on them now.

These merchants didn’t know that their actions were already known by Kaiser. Kaiser had managed the business of the Purcell clan for many years, which wasn’t a joking matter. He had a very large influence within the Purcell clan. This time around however, he suffered a major loss. Still, it wouldn’t be easy to move him, even if the Second and the Third Elders make their move.

The actions of these large clans were reported to Kaiser at the earliest possible time. Kaiser saw the reports and immediately knew he was in big trouble. If he couldn’t handle the large clans, then his position would really be taken away.

Kaiser immediately went to seek out these large clans and promised a lot of conditions in order to get their support. The problem was that during these past years, Kaiser had been too dominant inside the Purcell Duchy. He hadn’t had much interactions with these large firms and he even suppressed them occasionally. Thus, these big firms were already offended. On the surface, they complied to his conditions, but deep inside they were snorting and laughing loudly. This made Kaiser somewhat depressed.

He really wanted to immediately extinguish these people. However, he only had Rank Eight experts and no Rank Nines. Moreover, these past few years, he had been too busy handling the affairs of the clan. This resulted in a stagnation for his own cultivation and he had only reached Early Rank Eight. These large firms also had their own Rank Eight experts, so even if he wanted to begin exterminating them, he feared that in the end he would just end up failing.

Since he was a greater elder of the clan, he could ask those other enshrined deities to move. These enshrined deities would at least be Rank Eight experts. There were a total of over thirty Rank Eight enshrined experts in the clan. A force of over thirty Rank Eight experts was an extremely powerful force.

In the end, he couldn’t do it this time as he had just suffered a huge blow to his reputation, not to mention the Second and the Third Elders were ready to attack him. If he wanted to ask those enshrined deities, he would first have to convene the Elders Court and let them decide if they would allow it or not. However, if he really did decide to convene the Elders Court, he would only be able to gain the time needed to eat a turtle. If he couldn’t succeed in convincing the elders of the Elders Court, then that would pave the way for the Second and the Third Elder to oust him by using the clan rules3.

Having said that, even if he could ask those enshrined deities, he still wouldn’t dare to do so. Behind those large firms was the support of large clans. These large clans didn’t have poor relationships with the Purcell clan. If these large clans united to move against the Purcell clan, then he wouldn’t just be stepping down as the First Elder. Instead, most of the lives within the Purcell clan wouldn’t be saved. He didn’t dare do such thing.

The First Elder paid attention to the movements of the Second and Third Elder and had actually ignored Evan instinctively. In fact, he really didn’t mind Evan. Since the time Evan became the Clan Lord, he had been completely pressed and had become a complete figurehead. In his opinion, Evan was stupid, so there wasn’t a cause for concern.

However, he had forgotten that humans grow. Evan was still young, but already a Rank Eight warrior. It was impossible to be stupid after reaching such a height. Though in the past he didn’t have any experience in political struggles, after some time of being suppressed by this elder, he had grown. Adding his forbearance of having to painfully watch from the sidelines, he understood a lot. The present Evan, compared to the Clan Lord Evan of the past years, was completely different.

But however different Evan was, nobody had seen it. Everyone inside the Purcell clan had underestimated Evan. They didn’t know that during these past few years, Evan had been secretly in contact with those centrist elders. Presently, his power matched equally with those of the Second and Third Elders.

These centrist elders couldn’t get used to the First Elder being so rampant. They also didn’t want to help the two other greater elders seize power. Therefore, they became centrist in the struggles. However, being a centrist would naturally push themselves on the opposite side of the three greater elders, which meant they didn’t get anything good and were usually on the unfair end of deals. Evan, however, had observed them for a long time. He understood their situation and started to secretly meet with them to slowly increase his power.

Several people were preparing for the storm that will soon come to Casa City. This time however, Laura had gone out of the city and went towards Stony Mountain.

Laura’s trip this time to Stony Mountains didn’t have much of a reaction from the large forces of Casa City. They thought that Laura would once again talk to Zhao Hai about the increase in food prices, so naturally, they didn’t stop her.

The previous time she went to Stony Mountain was three days ago. Laura had come to Stony Mountain that time to tell Zhao Hai of her plans.

* * * * *

Zhao Hai really hadn’t thought much of Laura’s plan and also wasn’t opposed to it. Although the plan would make the commoners of Casa City suffer, they would only experience it for a short time. As long as Evan regained his position, the storm would fly over, which would make everything better.

Moreover, it could be considered as giving back what they owed Evan. Helping Evan occupy the leading position could be considered as paying him back. Plus, this could only end up as good for them

Zhao Hai knew that this time, Laura helping Evan would be a favor. When Evan regains the leading position, he would then support Laura back. This in turn will allow Laura to sell more, which was good for him.

If Laura’s sales increased, his income would also increase too. Then Zhao Hai would have more gold available for use.

Actually, Zhao Hai wasn’t short on money. Zhao Hai had been the only one selling bamboo rice to the Purcell Duchy during this period of time. His income was around ten thousand gold coins. It could be said that he was the entire Purcell Duchy’s food supplier. What this meant was that he had the monopoly of the business. This would obviously give him a lot of profit.

However, if these ten thousand gold coins were to be dropped into the Black Waste, he feared that not a sound could be heard from it. The Black Waste was too big and the foundations were too thin. There were many things that needed to be improved.

Zhao Hai found himself with more money. The problem was that the more money you thought you needed to spend, the more ways you needed to come up with to make money.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 162




Chapter 162



New Dynasty Calendar year 1637, 30th day of the Seventh Montstrong. This day, with regards to the commoners of the Purcell Duchy, was not a calm day. The commoners had thought that the food crisis that occurred some time ago would have already passed. They were wrong. Perhaps, instead, the food crisis had just began.

On this day, all of the food stores within the Purcell Duchy suddenly began to increase their prices. The Higanbana and the Purcell Duchy public stores were the only ones who didn’t immediately raise their prices. Over the past few days, however, their shops had also slowly sold out all of their stocks, which resulted in the current break out of the food crisis.

Those pseudo-aristocrats or full aristocrats were more fortunate as they had food of their own in storage. Unfortunately, this wasn’t the case for the poor commoners. Since they didn't have enough money to buy food beforehand, they were now at risk of starvation This was especially true with the rapid rise of food prices.

As the price of food increased, aside from the poor commoners, even those who had stored food began to worry. They were afraid that the prices would rise even more. If that were the case, they would also be starving soon.

Although the Higanbana and Purcell clan stores had put out word that they would soon have more shipments of food, the prices still continued to rise, and the crisis hadn’t gone away. Commoners who had money to buy food had started to buy them now. They were stocking up and prepared for the oncoming famine.

This crisis that Casa City was currently experiencing was actually a larger version of the storm that was happening within the Purcell clan. Now that the Purcell clan was in such a mess, the Second and the Third Elders were ready to move to abdicate the First Elder. The First Elder didn’t want to abdicate. Only, he didn’t have any means to resolve the situation. Now, both sides were in a deadlock.

Both of these factions weren't aware that around this time, the centrist elders had begun to move. They reached out to each other and jointly united to increase their authority. Also, their actions were very covert. They evaded the detection of both of the other factions that were currently in a deadlock.

Kaiser, in particular, had seen that the results of their battle had finally come into play. Both factions had pulled in a large number of people into their sides. Inside the conference room of the Purcell clan, scenes full of deceit and political ploys were being done on the spot.

Finally, both factions in the conference room decided to set up votes to decide who would serve as the elders of which posts. They also knew that whatever the result would be, the Purcell clan would incur losses overall.

Both sides were confident and believed that they had the best chances for victory. The First Elder’s forces were the largest; with one vote from each elder, he was assured of getting more than half the votes. An absolutely overwhelming superiority.

However, the Second and the Third Elders had also pulled a number of elders to their side these past few days. They had the confidence to defeat the First Elder, and both factions agreed on solving the problem by convening the Elders Court. Evan, the Clan Lord, was forgotten by them.

4th of the Eighth Montstrong, the Elders Court was convened. After the elections in the Elders Court, Kaiser abdicated his position as the Purcell clan’s First Elder. Now, not only were the greater elders able to do so, but even the ordinary elders were eligible to win his position and became someone to be worshipped within the clan.

Originally, after the first round of elections, the Second Elder should’ve been the one to take the post of the First Elder and temporarily resolve the current food crisis.

However, a problem emerged. The Third Elder refused





to accept the decision, resulting in a confrontation between the two factions. They decided to convene the Elders Court again on the 6th day of the Eighth Month in order to elect someone for the First Elder’s post. This time, however, knowing the significance of the next assembly, they decided to allow the Universal Origin Sword Saint, a Guardian Deity of the clan and a Rank Nine expert, to preside.

The Universal Origin Sword Saint was an existence on the level of a god for the Purcell clan. This was truly the case. No one dared to disturb him, so no one had been able to ask for him before. His fearfulness was way above Buffy’s.

The Universal Origin Sword Saint had been a Rank Nine expert for nearly sixty years. Fifty years ago, the Purcell clan encountered a major catastrophe. The juniors of the clan who were outside to gain experience had met a black magician. These juniors of the clan then killed the black magician.

It turned out that this black magician was a disciple of the continent’s infamously evil and wicked black magician, Bone Saint Anto3. Anto was a Rank nine expert, justifying his title. The next thing that happened was straightforward. Anto began hunting and killing the juniors of the Purcell clan, which made these juniors unable to leave Casa City.

Finally, the Purcell clan decided to invite one of the two Guardian Deities of the clan during that time. A Rank Nine water magician, Blue Waves Law Saint4, came forward to kill Anto. What they hadn’t thought was that Anto would kill the Blue Wave Law Saint on the spot, placing the entire Purcell clan on the verge of life and death.

Around this time, an expert who had just become Rank Nine a few years ago, the Universal Origin Sword Saint, moved. Alone and with a single sword, he travelled thousands of kilometers to kill Anto. Finally, Anto’s head was taken back to be displayed in Casa City. Thus, the Purcell clan averted the crisis safely.

This battle made the Universal Origin Sword Saint famous, making him one of the Rank Nine experts on the continent with a high prestige. Anto became a Rank Nine thirty years before, and adding to the fact that he was a black magician, he was a strong and renowned Rank Nine magician. The Universal Origin Sword Saint had just became a Rank Nine a few years ago, yet had taken his head off on the spot. This showed that his strength was a lot higher than Anto’s.

Then for twenty years, the Universal Origin Sword Saint hadn’t been seen since. After thirty years since the Universal Origin Sword Saint became a Rank Nine, another large clan’s Guardian Deity issued forth a challenged to him. They met at Jade Belt River5, and the battle was earthshaking. For three days, there was no flow of water in Jade Belt River due to their battle. That place later became known as Sword Saint Lake6 due to the damage the two of them made, and especially because of the winner, the Universal Origin Sword Saint.

Since then, there had been no challenges made against a Rank Nine on the continent.

Afterwards, the Universal Origin Sword Saint wasn’t seen again. One could say that although no one could dare offend and be unreasonable towards Wind Saint Buffy in the Purcell clan, in reality, the Universal Origin Sword Saint held more respect from the elders. Precisely because of his rare appearances, no one knew of the real name of the Universal Origin Sword Saint. Now, his title of Universal Origin Sword Saint was regarded as his name.

This time around, the issue of the Universal Origin Sword Saint presiding over the Elders Court hadn’t been met with any resistance. Everyone clearly understood that these were troubled times. But no matter where you went though, even if you withdrew, there would still be the fear of being killed by Sir Sword Saint.

The Elders Court was scheduled to elect a First Elder within the conference room. When these elders arrived, they found that the Second and Third Elders, along with Evan, were already in the conference room. On the seat that was originally for the Clan Lord sat an upright old man.

This old man was tall, the same height as Clan Lord Evan. His hair was white, as if it were dyed with snow without a trace of variation. Surprisingly though, his beard was yellow.

The old man sat with his eyes closed, seemingly asleep. Everyone saw this and couldn’t help but slow their pace as they carefully walked to their seats and sat down.

Evan hadn’t sat down, but instead stood beside the old man. Below the Clan Lord’s seat were the three seats for the greater elders, wherein only two people sat down, the Second and the Third Elders. However, they both looked restless.

As soon as all of the elders arrived, Evan whispered something into the old man’s ears. The old man then responded with a slight nod. Evan stood up and held the scepter in his right hand that symbolized the power of the Head of the Clan. He went towards the middle of the stage, looked around, and said, “The assembly of the Elders Court this time is witnessed by Sir Guardian Deity, and has now formally started. The election will now proceed. In this election, we will decide to relieve the Second Elder through an election.“

After Evan said this, the elders of the Elders Court were surprised for a moment before giving an outcry. They had forgotten the existence of the Universal Origin Sword Saint. Right at this moment, they only had one thing in their mind: ‘Evan was crazy’.

However, before Evan could speak, a cold snort was loudly heard. Everyone on the scene felt as though their heads were hit by a hammer and suddenly saw stars. Then they remembered that the Universal Origin Sword Saint was still sitting there; being loud was like asking for death.

Everyone calmed down while Evan stood on the stage with his unchanged expression and said, “The voting now begins.”

The people in the conference room looked at each other. They didn’t know what to do when suddenly, someone actually raised a hand.

The people in the conference room were surprised for a moment. They looked at the person that had raised a hand, and it was a centrist elder, Juan7. Along with Juan, the other centrist elders also raised their hands. Then the loyal members of the First Elder’s faction as well as the Third Elder’s faction. Only the few loyal members of the Second Elder’s faction didn’t raise their hands.

Evan swept his eyes across the conference room, showing his gratefulness to the elders. With a cold voice, he said “Over seventy percent have voted. The Second Elder will now be relieved from his duties starting tomorrow. The next poll will decide if the Third Elder should be relieved from his duties. Those who agree, please raise your hand.”

The people in the conference room weren’t silly. Even a fool would know what Evan was doing. In one fell swoop, Evan had moved to relieve the Second and the Third Elders of their duties. This was equivalent to pulling out the entire root of the forces of the greater elders. As long as he controlled the Elders Court, his position as the Clan Lord would be held firmly.

If it were during normal times, the loyal elders of the Second and the Third Elders might have started trouble with him. Instead, as this assembly was presided over by the Universal Origin Sword Saint, should the Elders Court really dare to make trouble then death was the only thing that awaited them in the end!

The original members of the First Elder’s faction were happy to see this development. In any case, the First Elder had now fallen. Whether it was the Second or the Third Elder, they wouldn’t gain any benefits. If they supported Evan, however, then they might be able to rely on him to gain some benefits.

This time, undoubtedly, the results of the poll was a high number of votes. Starting today, the Second and Third Elders who were worshipped in the clan, lost their authority, be it within the Elders Court or in the entire clan.

Evan continued the elections. This time, for the position of the First Elder. Evan proposed Juan and the proposal was agreed upon immediately. Juan became the Purcell clan’s First Elder. Evan proposed Wind Sue8, a representative of the centrist elders, to be the Second Elder. The election for the Third Elder was very dramatic. Evan had unexpectedly proposed someone who had been a member of the First Elder’s faction. He was the clan’s Elder of Foreign Affairs, Stern. No one had ever thought of this, but the proposal was passed.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 163




Chapter 163



At this point, the Purcell clan’s civil strife had come to an end and the storm passed. However, no one had thought that the winner in the end would unexpectedly be Evan, who had been low-key and someone they had looked down upon.

Furthermore, no one dared to challenge the result of this election as the assembly was witnessed by the Universal Origin Sword Saint. If somebody really dared to challenge the results, then it meant that they dared to challenge the Universal Origin Sword Saint. Within the Purcell clan, no one had the guts to do so.

Moreover, the loyal elders from the greater elders faction that were present had found that they’d never thought Evan would already have the same strength as them. Their defeat this time was justified because of that.

Lastly, the three new greater elders that were elected were also very interesting. There were the two centrists, who were the backbone of Evan’s faction, while the last one turned out to be from the former First Elder’s faction, Stern.

Everyone from the Purcell clan knew that although Stern was the Foreign Affairs head, he was also a close follower of the former First Elder, Kaiser. It was to the point that he’d always followed him in every situation. It was beyond everyone’s expectation that he would now be selected as the new Third Elder

However, they soon understood why Evan did this. Evan chose Stern as the Third Elder in order to quickly lead the former First Elder’s faction to his side. Now, the loyal members of his faction had grown to sixty percent of the total number of elders in the Elders Court. This number was definitely scary; even the former First Elder didn’t have this much authority and power.

This time, Kaiser and the other former greater elders understood Evan's powerful position. Just a simple elder position, which was under the influence of a former greater elder, had cut off a political veteran.

The result of this election of the Purcell clan’s Elders Court had made those large firms stunned. They hadn’t thought that the two people they supported would eventually collapse, and that unexpectedly, the forgotten Evan would suddenly resurge.

This caught the large firms off guard, leaving them startled about what had happened. After the elections in the Elders Court was finished, Evan suddenly announced that the Purcell clan had transported in a large amount of food and that the prices would be the same as before. When this news came out, the food prices fell.

Evan didn’t lie because after he finished, they immediately saw a carriage transporting food commodities into Casa City. Although it was only bamboo rice, commoners had no problem eating them. There were also some aristocratic clans that would eat bamboo rice, so the commoners would also do so.

Those large firms calculated that the amount of bamboo rice transported by those carriages had brought nearly five hundred thousand kilograms into Casa City. There was a total of around 1.5 - 2 million kilograms transported all over the Purcell Duchy. Even if they wanted to increase the prices, they wouldn’t be able to.

Everyone from the large firms understood that this time around, they had been played by Laura. This was an obvious matter. If they couldn’t see it, they shouldn’t be in the mercantile business.

However, they couldn’t say that they were bitter. These firms initially accepted Laura’s conditions, but their intentions weren’t very good from the start. They were ready to support the people who held the superior position, and had collaborated with Laura just to rope her into their faction. What they hadn’t thought was that Laura would move ahead of them, tidying them all up.

These large firms also knew that if they continued to oppose the current situation, they might offend the Purcell cl





an, which they feared would make their days a lot more harder. So the moment the carriage went into the city, the price of food within the whole Purcell Duchy went down.

The crisis was started in the past by the pest infestation and led to a series of chain reactions. However, during this time, there were only two big winners. One was Laura, and the other was Evan.

Furthermore, no one knew that there was also another winner that had been hiding behind these winners and was actually the one who gained the most. It was none other than Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai earned a total of 20,000 gold coins during this crisis. Moreover, he earned several hundreds of gold coins a day, which went directly into his pockets. The most important thing was that this time’s crisis was something he could have been left out of.

When Zhao Hai received the news Laura had sent, saying that the storm had passed, he couldn’t help but want to laugh. This was because this crisis had initially been started because of him. Now, with his help, they stopped it. Most importantly, he’d made money while helping Evan, whom had helped the Buda clan back when they were in a bind. A true good person with power, for Zhao Hai, was a very important thing.

With Evan regaining his authority, he would not move to attack the Buda clan, which also lifted them out of one of their crises. They almost didn’t have to worry about the Purcell clan dealing with them.

Zhao Hai didn’t think that the result would turn out to be this great. It was really a big surprise for him. And now, the matters in Casa City wouldn’t need him to personally manage over. Even if he wouldn’t be providing the food, the large firms in the Purcell Duchy would do so, thus lowering the food prices within the Purcell Duchy. With this, the food crisis was officially lifted.

This news was not necessarily a good thing for Zhao Hai. To be precise, when Zhao Hai sold food commodities, he gained several hundred gold coins each day. Now if the large firms sold theirs, then his income would definitely decrease.

However, Zhao Hai still received nearly 200 gold coins per day just for selling food. The consequences of what those large firms had done earlier had resulted in a negative status.

Commoners also held their grudges. When they were in a difficult time, they would remember those who helped them and those who had harmed them.

Due to this, there were very few people who would buy from the stores of the large firms. On the other hand, the Higanbana firm had gotten a large number of customers who bought from their stores.

It was then that those great businessmen became convinced that this time, Laura was a lot more clever than them. Even if it was invisible, the Higanbana firm had become the flagship firm inside the Purcell Duchy.

These large firms understood that the creation of such a flagship firm was not easy. So long as there were Higanbana signboards, it would surely represent a source of wealth.

Thinking about it now would be of no use, so what they did was try to find a way to pull people into buying from their stores. Therefore, to do so, they made some superior conditions. For example, discounts on certain commodities. Or if one buys a certain commodity, then they would receive an extra gift.

These large firms were in the business for a long time. Naturally, they were clear on how to deal with this. They had discovered these methods and were ready to exploit them.

However, even after doing so, there were only a few people who went into their stores to purchase anything. The commoners were still offended by them. Fortunately, they were large firms who were still rich. They could afford to lose for now. Given some time, they should be able to recover slowly.

But if they wanted to get back their former prestige quickly, it would be impossible. Laura wouldn’t miss this opportunity. There was a saying that when machines dominated the market, even when they came back to life, they could only have a part of the soup1.

The biggest issue to be considered this time was that these large firms had offended the Purcell clan. If they were supported by the person who had won, then it would be better. They wouldn’t be in such a difficult situation and it might have also given them some benefits. However, they’d chosen to have little contact with Evan prior to this. Don’t even speak about benefits, they were already lucky enough that Evan had given them face and hadn’t pushed them out of the Purcell Duchy.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about what happened in Casa City. He was now more concerned about the situation in the Black Waste2 and Carrion Swamp3.

During the time when the Purcell clan’s Elders Court was in assembly, Zhao Hai had received a message from Drunk. The news stated that they had been seen by Wind Saint Buffy, but there were no movements from him. Although Buffy was curious about these zombies, they were within the Carrion Swamp and he didn’t dare deal with them.

Upon hearing that Buffy was really in the Carrion Swamp, Zhao Hai felt relieved. He let the slaves out of the Space and back into the castle, allowing them to work with the oil press as well as the millstones to process the rice. This rice was generally comparable to bamboo rice and Zhao Hai had a lot of them on his hands. He intended to keep them as their own food.

The bamboo rice that Zhao Hai sold to Laura was bamboo rice that Green had originally bought. Remember, Zhao Hai’s Space produced better quality bamboo rice. Zhao Hai couldn’t bear to sell those good things, which was why he kept some of them for their own consumption4.

Zhao Hai had also started to improve the soil in the Black Waste along with the surrounding areas. It was now the Eighth Month, and planting something on the continent right now would be late, so Zhao Hai didn’t plant anything. He had also brought other seeds that were commonly planted on the continent and let the slaves try and experiment with growing them. For the coming winter, they also started stocking up on firewood, as well as produced cotton clothing for the slaves.

Zhao Hai stood around and thought that a person must feed their family. Currently, he had a hundred people counting on him and discovered that their needs were extensive. Preparing for them would really be tedious.

First was acquiring the firewood, which was an important supply to have during the winter. With it, less people would freeze to death. Also, there was still the cotton clothing, food, and other various things, which added up to a lot.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai had made a temporary transfer point inside Casa City. This transfer point wasn’t placed by Zhao Hai, but rather, it was set up by Green. It was located in a remote area in Casa City where they had bought a house. The house was to be used as the entry point into the Space, so it had become the transfer point.

Zhao Hai had bought many things through this transfer point. However, he couldn’t buy glass windows for the slaves as they were too expensive. He only bought paper windows along with a bed, cupboards, a table, four chairs, a brazier, a copper kettle, and a number of things to eat for each of the slaves.

Buying things like this and that, Zhao Hai had bought them unconsciously and hadn’t realized that he actually spent a total of almost 5,000 gold coins. Spending money really was faster than making money.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 164




Chapter 164

Chapter 164 - A Trivial Matter

When the Ninth Month came, Casa City was already completely peaceful. Not only had the food prices become stable, but even the prices of other daily necessities were now a little cheaper compared to before.

The big firms had no other way but to do this. If they didn’t reduced the prices, then nobody would be going to their stores to shop. As a result of them lowering the prices, there was a chain-like response that cheapened the prices of most commodities.

Of course, the Higanbana stores also reduced their prices. Most people bought food from them too. This wasn’t only because the Higanbana firm had helped them during the crisis, but also because the food commodities they sold were of really high quality.

In the beginning, the Higanbana firm mostly sold normal commodities and when other stores reduced their prices, the people would then go and buy from those stores. The civilians now ranked food commodities among the stores . If the Higanbana store’s food was regarded as first, then the other stores can only be regarded as nintstrong.

The main reason for this was because the food commodities being sold by the Higanbana firm were not only of high quality, but also because they had a very high quantity of magic elements2 within. An example would be the radish that they sold, which a lot of people bought.

Zhao Hai knew of this matter after Laura had informed him. He immediately made a decision. This decision was to create a trademark for his food products. From now on, they would then be called Taoyuan3 products.

On the Ark continent, nobody knew of Taoyuan. However, in China, Taoyuan was actually a place everybody knew of. When spoken from a foreign language, it could be called Utopia4.

Zhao Hai’s biggest desire was to build a new world within the heart of the Black Waste. A place that meant ‘this was what everyone yearned for,’ a Utopia.

Because of this idea, Zhao Hai had used Taoyuan. Zhao Hai didn’t only think of this name, but also personally designed a trademark. This trademark was really simple as it was a drawing of a small bridge over flowing water with a family on top. Even though it was simple, on this world it was a very refreshing idea.

Trademarks in this world just included a name and didn’t have any formally printed seal on the commodity. It was usually just spread by word of mouth. Zhao Hai, however, actually made a trademark design this time. This was a big step forward for this world.

Laura was not stupid and after immediately seeing Zhao Hai’s trademark, she’d quickly made her own decision. Later on, all commodities from Zhao Hai would be called Taoyuan commodities. Rice would be placed in a big box, wherein the outside of those boxes would have the engravings of the trademark. The other commodities, such as radishes and oil, would be done the same as well. Furthermore, they’d separated their other commodities from Taoyuan commodities in the shortest possible time.

In order to open up the market, the Taoyuan commodities hadn’t experienced a rise in their prices. Instead, they were sold at the normal price. This had made the commoners really happy as the commodities that Taoyuan produced were really of the highest quality. This was especially true for those families that had a child that went to the magic academies5. This allowed those juniors eat bamboo rice everyday and, sometimes, radishes.

The reason why the parents knew of the high magic content of these commodities was because of Julie6. Julie was the first person who bought the radishes from the Higanbana store and her son, Ross7, after eating it only once, had been able to become deeply learned in magic. He later became an official apprentice, and even acquired subsidies from the trade union for his studies.

As a re





sult, their family’s living condition became better. Although Ross was only a magic apprentice and couldn’t receive much in terms of subsidies from the trade union, he still received a gold coin each month. For commoners, this was very good. A gold coin could be saved for spendings, and was almost enough to last for the month.

Julie was a very thrifty person. When the food crisis happened, she wasn’t afraid because they had stocked up on food supplies. Julie had a habit of scooping out a small amount of rice before she cooks, every time, in order to save that rice in the family’s rice jar. She had been doing this for a long time and, unknowingly, she had saved a cubic meter of rice. This was enough for their family to eat for several months, which was why Julie wasn’t worried.

However, afterwards, the food prices didn’t rise. Julie then decided not to use the rice in the jar and continued buying rice from the Higanbana store. Still, in order to cope with the next famine, if ever there’ll be one in the future, Julie started to be more thrifty. She made lunch boxes for Ross everyday to avoid letting him eat in the cafeteria.

One day, Ross’ magic instructor8 had noticed the food he brought. The instructor couldn’t help it and curiously took a look, then felt that the food that Ross ate had a sufficient amount of magic elements in it. The instructor immediately asked Ross where it came from. Ross naturally wouldn’t deceive his instructor and said that the food was bought by his mother. He didn’t know where she’d bought it.

Ross’ magic instructor asked him to bring him to his house. He then asked Julie about this matter, and Julie told her everything honestly. She also asked why this rice was so different from the other rice.

Ross’ instructor didn’t deceive them either and told them that the magic element in the rice was very adequate and that eating it often would give advantages while cultivating magic. This matter had slowly spread since then.

However, during that time, the Purcell Duchy was under a strict food control. If they wanted to buy, then they couldn’t buy too much. But now that the food crisis had passed, Taoyuan’s bamboo rice ushered in a new wave of high sales in the city.

Nowadays, Taoyuan bamboo rice was very popular in Casa City. However, Julie didn’t buy a lot as she heard that magic products would lose much of their magic elements when not consumed after some time. They feared that buying too much bamboo rice would just end up being stocked up and just turn into regular rice as time passed by.

Afterwards, Taoyuan oil products were also reported to contain high magic elements. The news spread fast and Taoyuan oil also became a hot commodity. Now, every commoner recognized the Taoyuan brand.

Zhao Hai didn’t feel anything about this matter. If he planted bamboo rice everyday, he couldn’t sell them easily. Afterall, in the entire Purcell Duchy, the food prices had already dropped. It was impossible that everyone in the duchy would eat his personally produced bamboo rice.

However, Zhai Hai hadn’t thought that the magic academy and aristocrats of Casa City would buy several hundred thousand kilograms of Taoyuan bamboo rice. Moreover, the orders were for one year which made Zhao Hai’s income very stable.

Laura, however, was thinking of another matter. Zhao Hai had previously asked Laura to look for a buyer of blue-eyed rabbits. Laura actually wanted to cooperate with Zhao Hai, which he approved. Laura then started selling blue-eyed rabbit meat with an affordable price. Moreover, the magic elements it contained was higher than that of the radish and bamboo rice. Furthermore, since the commoners could also afford to eat it, this time around the commodity sold with a blazing speed.

Needless to say, Laura received huge orders from the aristocrats. Yet, they didn't order much of the blue-eyed rabbit meat. Adding them all up, it would only amount to 3000 blue-eyed rabbits per month. This, in turn, made them rely heavily on the retail sales instead.

Nowadays, within the Purcell Duchy, if you hadn’t heard about the Taoyuan brand then it meant that you were an outsider. Everyone in the Purcell Duchy knew of the Taoyuan brand. Right now, the Higanbana stores currently had four types of products from this brand which made their business hot.

Nobody even thought of faking Taoyuan products because the quality of those products compared to other products was too different. It would be easy to spot the difference. Even trying it once would let one know if it was a legitimate or fake product. This could easily ruin a store’s reputation.

Laura was also prepared for such cases. She’d immediately taken measures to prevent it from happening, such as letting the buyers be presented with Taoyuan cards by store personnel in order to prove their legitimacy. Furthermore, these cards were exclusive only for Higanbana stores, so buying from other stores would mean that what you bought were counterfeit goods.

Taking advantage of the popularity of Taoyuan products made the Higanbana business prosper. Laura opened up a lot of store branches throughout the Purcell Duchy. Now, one could see a Higanbana store everywhere within the duchy. This resulted in increased demand for Taoyuan products.

Zhao Hai was happy to see this situation. Considering that he still couldn’t plant high level plants in the Space, Zhao Hai had still been yielding an astonishing amount of products, enough to deal with the demands of the Higanbana stores. Given the situation, he was getting a lot more gold coins and this made him happy.

He also sent a lot of blue-eyed rabbits to Laura to be processed. This procedure separated the rabbit furs and meat. Laura would then sell the rabbit meat and send back the processed rabbit fur to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai had also told Laura to use the money from selling the rabbit meat towards the processing of the rabbit fur. He also gave Laura some rabbit fur as he believed that human relationships would have better sentiment if you gave them something.

Laura decided to accept it in the end. However, she thought it was somewhat unfair for her to get something while Zhao Hai didn’t get anything in return. Lately, she had been too busy managing the Higanbana stores, especially the newly opened branches. Thus, she didn’t have much time to collect the different magic plants and beasts that Zhao Hai needed.

Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it because, at present, the Higanbana firm had increased their demand for food and oil commodities. He was now planting a lot of radishes and had no time to plant other types of crops. Additionally, Zhao Hai was also too busy managing the matters on Fort Iron Mountain recently. Thus, he didn’t have much free time and he was not worried, but rather quite relieved as he waited.

Fort Iron Mountain was presently in very good condition. There was a lot of firewood, corn stalks, oil trees, and bamboo rice. As long as you dried them up, one could use these plants to make a fire, especially the oil fruit trees. Not only did it have many applications, it could also be used to make a fire last for a longer duration. A fifty centimeter long piece of the oil tree can last for a whole day. Zhao Hai had way too many oil trees, so this was something that would be useful for the winter. As long as you placed an oil tree in the brazier, the room would be warm for the whole night.

Zhao Hai had also improved the land in the Black Waste everyday. He then tasked the slaves to grow some vegetables. These vegetables would then be used as food during winter period. Zhao Hai had also wanted to observe if these vegetables would be able to grow properly. In the end, he wanted to see the results of his land improvement.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 165




Chapter 165



Right now, Zhao Hai had insufficient land inside the Space. He now had oil trees, bamboo rice, corn, and radishes planted all over the Space which made it so that he couldn’t plant any other types of crops anymore. Zhao Hai had also observed that the improvement of the soil within the Black Waste was very good. He could plant oil trees in the Black Waste which could help loosen up the land usage inside the Space.

Zhao Hai observed the improvement of the soil within the Black Waste when using the spatial soil. He saw that the soil in the Black Waste wouldn’t be improved much by just mixing it with the spatial soil, thus, he concluded that using the spatial water to improve the quality of the soil was the best way to do so. He also feared that using the spatial soil would eventually lead to a thinning of the soil within the Space, which would lead to his demise.

He had observed that the spatial water was taken from the springs. There was a large number of these springs, with so much water pouring out that it seemingly wasn’t going to dry.

Actually, Zhao Hai had guessed that the spatial soil could also be rejuvenated, and that the spatial land wouldn’t have any issue of thinning out. However, in his heart, Zhao Hai decided that using the spatial water would be the best.

Zhao Hai was very busy these days as he improved the lands of the Black Waste while also doing things inside the Space. This gave him a substantial amount of work each day.

The main thing was that Zhao Hai had been waiting for Buffy to come out of the Carrion Swamp. If he sees that Buffy was injured, then he wouldn’t be polite.

Actually, Zhao Hai’s reason for dealing with Buffy wasn’t only due to revenge. He also wanted to learn more information about the Carrion Swamp as Drunk’s team was too slow in exploring it; they would need a lot more time to do so properly. Furthermore, there were a lot of magic beasts1 and undead2 that had their own territories. Drunk could freely explore some areas as they were undead, but they would need to carefully pass by the territories of the magic beasts and other undead. Otherwise, they would be attacked by them. With such a situation, they could only advance slowly.

Buffy was different as he was a Rank Nine expert. He could fly and avoid the attacks of the majority of the magic beasts and undead, which allowed him to go deeper into the Carrion Swamp. If he was injured while coming out of the Carrion Swamp, then Zhao Hai would immediately destroy him and turn him into an undead. Then he could directly ask Buffy about the situation within the Carrion Swamp. This information would enable him to better cope with the recurring magic beast riots.



Zhao Hai wasn’t too worried about the Purcell clan, especially now that Evan was the one in charge. Evan didn’t have any malice towards them and wouldn’t send anyone to deal with them. Zhao Hai’s only worry was for the threat from the Carrion Swamp and, in fact, this was currently Zhao Hai’s biggest worry.

He didn’t want to live in the Black Waste his entire life. However, if the threat from the Carrion Swamp wasn’t resolved, then he wouldn’t feel at ease. Once this matter was resolved, only then could he be contented and travel with pleasure all over the continent. He wanted to see this unique world.

Although Zhao Hai was an otaku3 in his former life, his dream was to actually, one day, be able to travel all over the world. However, he really didn’t have the money to do so back then. Travelling around the world would cost too much. Zhao Hai couldn’t really afford to do it, so he could only stay at home.

It was different within the Ark Continent4 as he had the Space and a large territory. As long as he managed them properly, then he could afford to travel with ple





asure around the world. Moreover, since he had the space he could travel back to his territory everyday, so he wasn’t worried at all.

Unfortunately, now wasn’t the time to do so. He should first resolve the threat of the Carrion Swamp. Green also didn’t oppose his idea of traveling for pleasure since on the continent, no matter which of the respected clans, they would always allow their juniors go outside at a certain age in order to be informed and gain experience about the world. Zhao Hai should actually go too, but the time wasn’t right.

The juniors of the aristocrats would have more knowledge for their travels upon leaving. It wouldn’t only increase their comprehension and experiences, but they could also find several good friends. Along with these friends, they could explore the continent and understand the dangers within it. It was common knowledge that if the clans didn’t let their juniors go out, then these juniors wouldn’t ever grow up.

Green also wanted to quickly resolve the threat of the Carrion Swamp. However, he also knew that this problem wasn’t easy to resolve. If it were easy to do so, then the Carrion Swamp wouldn’t be given the title of one of the Five Restricted Areas.



* * * * *

On the continent, no one went to the Black Waste to observe anymore, even those from the great clans. This matter wasn’t known by Zhao Hai. The reason why was because the Purcell clan had sent a Rank Nine expert to the Black Waste in order to chase them down and hadn’t succeeded. What had made them astonished was the fact that Buffy said that Zhao Hai absolutely wasn’t in the Black Waste, nor even at Fort Iron Mountain.

People believed the words a Rank Nine experts said and they’d thought that the Buda clan had secretly moved out of Fort Iron Mountain.

Although the new King had ordered the Buda clan not to leave the Black Waste, everyone knew that if the Buda clan stayed there, they would only meet death. Therefore, secretly moving out of that place was understandable.

Adding to this fact, the Black Waste had always encountered magic beast attacks in the past, yet Green had been seen as safe and unscathed. It could only be explained that they haven’t been living in the Black Waste.

Moreover, everyone thought that Zhao Hai hadn’t left the Purcell Duchy since the Purcell clan had sent a Rank Nine to search Black Waste and hadn’t found anyone. Furthermore, there was Black Mountain Fortress5 where a mix of good and evil people stayed. Generally, people thought that Zhao Hai would hide in the nearby areas of the Black Waste, which made them lose interest in searching the Black Waste in order to look for the Buda clan. Also, they feared that they might accidentally meet with a magic beast riot while they were searching, which would make them cry tears in vain.

Those great aristocrats actually felt quite relieved. Buffy, this time around, was a Rank Nine expert that had been used to get rid of a Rank Eight expert. That Rank Eight’s cultivation would be slowly weakening, so he wouldn’t be a difficult matter. Buffy had personally recognized this point. In other words, presently the Buda clan would only have one Rank Eight magician left to assume personal command. This meant they wouldn’t be able to produce anything which could become a threat to them.6

The great nobles wouldn’t even think about what three ants could do to them. Thus, no one would look, and the Buda clan could be considered as forgotten.

The only one who couldn’t forget the Buda clan was Evan. Evan had sent someone to search for clues of the Buda clan within Black Mountain Fortress. Sadly, he failed and wasn’t able to find anything. Finally, he gave up.

They hadn’t thought of sending people to the Black Waste to search there. Zhao Hai, on the other hand, had placed the undead around the perimeter to block any intruders. Even a Rank Eight expert wouldn’t be able to hold its own against a large number of Rank Seven warrior undead. Furthermore, since the great aristocrats decided not to check on the Black Waste, there also wouldn’t be any Rank Nine experts going there to check.

This situation had actually benefited Zhao Hai. He was busy preparing to deal with Buffy, who was still exploring the Carrion Swamp. If ever he arrived at Fort Iron Mountain, it would be catastrophic.

On the fifteenth day of the Tenth Month, Laura arrived at Stony Mountain. Zhao Hai, who’d been busy at Fort Iron Mountain, quickly rushed to Bluestone Villa7.

By the time the undead had welcomed Laura into the mountain, Zhao Hai was already in the living room waiting for her. Green, Meirin, and Meg also came along and were curious as to why Laura had visited since there seemed to be no problem with their current cooperation. Nowadays, Laura had brought in around 10,000 gold coins of revenue to Zhao Hai, which was a very large help to him.

Green welcomed Laura into the living room. Zhao Hai then said with a smile, “Miss Laura, I’m really sorry for the lukewarm welcome as I had been handling some matters lately.”

Laura smiled and replied, “Mister is too kind and polite. Laura only came out of habit, and I was presumptuous.”

Zhao Hai smiled8. “Miss Laura is too polite. Please, sit down.”

Laura also hadn’t been able to visit Stony Mountain lately as she was quite busy with matters from the new branches being opened up. There were a lot of issues that needed to be addressed.

After Laura sat down, Meg served tea to them, then stood back beside Zhao Hai and looked at Laura and Nier. Laura couldn’t help but also look at Meg, and found that Meg was looking back at her too. She really felt that there was a hint of hostility coming from her.

Laura cannot help but smile bitterly in secret as she pretended to drink the tea. Zhao Hai hadn’t paid any attention to these matters as he drank from his cup of tea and asked, “I wonder what Miss Laura wants to talk about this time?”

Laura put down the cup of tea and replied with a smile, “Mister, remember that you had asked me to look for seeds of different magic plants? I had found several types and today, I came specifically to give them to you.” After clapping her hands, Searle entered the room and brought several small bags which he then placed on Zhao Hai’s tea table.

Zhao Hai hadn’t expected that Laura would come for this matter. For him, this was definitely very good news since the Space hadn’t been able to level up for quite a long time. As long as the level rose to 11, he would be able to further open up the land. But if he couldn’t raise the present level to 11, then he would be anxious.

Zhao Hai looked at the bags on the table and impatiently opened them. There were five bags on the table altogether. Each small cloth sack had about half a kilogram of seeds within it.

Zhao Hai opened all five cloth sacks and carefully looked at the amount of quality seeds. He saw that theses seeds didn’t seem anything special, and Zhao Hai didn’t find any special seeds inside the five bags.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai’s expression, smiled lightly, and explained, “Mister, these five bags contain seeds of potato, sweet pepper, red turnip, olives, and green lettuce. ”

Zhao Hai nodded and placed the five bags down. He turned his head towards Laura, smiled, and said, “I have let Miss Laura become a laughing stock. However, I do hope the Young Lady would still look for more magic vegetables or magic plants, along with magic beasts.”

Laura smiled. “You’re welcome Mister. I’m embarrassed that I can only give this much. Recently I’d been very busy and wasn’t able to help Mister look for magic plants. I do hope Mister would forgive me. But Mister, please be assured that later, I will diligently look for the magic plants that Mister seeks.”9





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 166




Chapter 166

Chapter 166 - Virtuous Phantasms1 versus Magic Pets2

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Zhao Hai lightly laughed. “Miss Laura is too serious. Later on, I will need much help from the Young Lady.”

After Zhao Hai said that, Searle, who had walked out of the room earlier, came back with a big box. This box was around a meter long, half a meter wide, and about thirteen centimeters thick. Moreover, Searle handled the box with care, as if he were holding a newborn baby.

Zhao Hai looked curiously at Searle, then turned his head puzzledly towards Laura and asked, “Miss Laura, what is this?”

Laura smiled. “This is the gift I prepared for Mister.”

Searle placed the box softly on the table and opened the lid slowly.

Zhao Hai looked into the box and saw that there was some hay inside it. There were five very large eggs placed on the hay, and each egg was around 40 centimeters3 long and greater than ten centimeters in diameter. What was more strange was that the color of each egg was different. Their hues were yellow, blue, red, green4, and purple.

Zhao Hai was puzzled as he examined the eggs while Green, startled, said, “Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs!”

Gawking, Zhao Hai asked, “Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs? What's that?”

Green looked at the five eggs and explained, “Virtuous Phantasms are special magic beasts and are very rare on the continent. This type of magic beast doesn’t have any attack skills of their own.

“However, it has a very unusual ability. They can be used as an auxiliary. So long as a human obtains an egg of a Virtuous Phantasm, once they hatch, they can form a contract with the Virtuous Phantasm slowly. This is how you can use a Virtuous Phantasm. Moreover, they can help their master attract magic elements in order to aid them in battles. An adult Virtuous Phantasm can even turn into a weapon, helmet, or piece of armor. That’s why on the continent, there is something known as biological magic staffs5 or living armor6.”

Zhao Hai was in a daze. He hadn’t thought that there would really be something like this, and couldn’t help but look at the eggs with a pair of shining eyes.

Laura, on the other hand, was surprised to find out that Green knew so much about Virtuous Phantasms. Anyone who knew so stuff about Virtuous Phantasms would definitely not be any average person. Low rank warriors and magicians didn’t even know the existence of these beasts. She didn’t think that Green would know so much about it, which made her a lot more curious as to what was Green’s real identity.

Green carefully examined the eggs, sighed, and said, “I am sure that these are Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs. They are different from the other magic beasts eggs because the eggs of Virtuous Phantasms have a natal attribute associated with their color. These eggs should be of the earth element, lightning element, water element, wind element, and fire element, all of which are very rare. Just these eggs alone would have a total value of over fifty thousand gold coins. They probably wouldn’t even have a real market price.”

Zhao Hai was shocked. He hadn’t thought that these eggs would be so unexpectedly precious. No wonder Searle had been so careful when handling the boxes. If these eggs were to be damaged, it would only mean that they were throwing away fifty thousand gold coins.

Zhao Hai gently covered the box and slowly closed his eyes. He sat in his chair and didn’t speak for some time. Laura looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance and her heart couldn’t help but clench.

Within this period of time, she had a certain understanding of Zhao Hai’s attitude towards rece





iving gifts. Since this gift was somewhat expensive, Zhao Hai might not necessarily receive it. Even if he did, she feared that he would also wish to return a gift to her. Looking at Zhao Hai’s appearance, it appeared that he was satisfied with this gift and was already thinking about what gift to give in return. If he wanted to give a gift in return, it wouldn’t be another Virtuous Phantasm colored egg. 7.

Laura didn’t dare disturb Zhao Hai as she understood the temperament of Zhao Hai. She knew that if Zhao Hai didn’t want to receive the gift, then she wouldn’t be able to persuade him, so Zhao Hai would probably end up not accept it.

After some time, Zhao Hai breathed out. He opened his eyes and looked at Laura. “Miss Laura, your gift really is too expensive. I don’t want to receive it, but this gift is very important to me, so I will take it.”

Laura’s face was like a blossoming flower as she smiled upon hearing what Zhao Hai said. She was afraid that Zhao Hai wouldn’t receive the gift, but was glad he did and hastily said, “This is a gift prepared for Mister, so please don’t be too polite.”

Zhao Hai waved his hand, smiled, and said, “I accepted such an expensive gift from Miss Laura, so if I don’t give anything back to the Young Lady, then it won’t be justified. I know that Miss Laura is a knight, so I should give you something that a knight needs.”

He smiled after saying it and Green knew what Zhao Hai wanted to give. Green hastily said, “Master…”

Zhao Hai waved his hand. “It’s all right, Miss Laura is to be trusted. Moreover, she is a person that knows the severity of things. We are lucky to have Miss Laura helping us, so giving her something in return is normal.”

Laura was actually shocked after seeing how they were acting. She didn’t have any idea what Zhao Hai might be giving her in return, probably something of precious value comparable with the Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs that she’d given.

Waving his hand, Zhao Hai told Green to hand over the Magic Peach8 Core and then placed it in front of Laura. He said, “This little thing is what I’m giving to Miss Laura.”

Laura looked puzzledly at the little thing. Even after careful observations, she couldn’t find out anything different about it. Finally, she looked at Zhao Hai, confused.

Zhao Hai laughed. “No wonder Young Lady doesn’t know about this thing. This thing is something I obtained and is possibly an ancient magic product9. To tell you the truth, Young Lady, its function is mainly as a Pet Jewel.”

Laura, still puzzled as she looked at the item in her hand, murmured, “Pet pig?” She was still thinking about Virtuous Phantasms and not about jewels, thus, she thought it was a pig.10

Zhao Hai smiled upon seeing that Laura’s expression wasn’t right, then said, “It is a Pet Jewel, not a Pet Pig. This thing can help Miss Laura receive a Magic Pet, no matter what rank, no matter how large. So long as Miss Laura wishes for it, you can rein them in by using this little thing. The method is very simple; just place a drop of Miss Laura’s blood on the Pet Jewel, then collect a drop of blood from the Magic Beast and also place it on the Pet Jewel.

“Miss can also use the Pet Jewel normally. When in battle, the Magic Pet you subdued will be interlinked with the Young Lady’s mind, and you can easily command them. Also, even if they are seriously injured, so long as they didn’t die and as long as the Magic Pet touches the jewel in time, the Magic Pet can recover automatically.”

Laura froze. A Magic Pet was an existence that was a lot more precious than a Virtuous Phantasm. Although it could be said that Virtuous Phantasms were very convenient as they could turn into armors and weapons, they also required some form of consumable in return. It wouldn’t just be a common thing, but rather the battle qi of warriors or a magician’s magic power.

Most importantly, Virtuous Phantasms fluctuated when changing into a weapon, which wasn’t very good. The weapon would be of a very low grade. Even if it were finely forged and wielded by a superior warrior, the only advantage was that one could accumulate magic elements, enabling them to turn the weapon into a magic weapon.

However, magic beasts were different. Magic beasts had a high rank and a powerful strength. If one could get a big dragon to become a Magic Pet, that would almost be equal to being unmatched in the world.

Moreover, this thing, this Magic Peach Core, could cure the injuries of the magic beast and could also interlink the minds of the master and the Magic Pet. With regards to being a knight, there would be no hesitation upon trading five Virtuous Phantasms, or even ten for this thing.

Laura blankly held the Magic Peach Core. She didn’t know that it was just a peach seed. Moreover, it was being regarded as an ancient magic product. The number of such ancient magic products on the continent was far too few and were even desired by deities. This was why Laura easily believed that it was an ancient magic product.

Green, who was beside Zhao Hai, wanted to laugh. He hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would say that it was an ancient magic product. Green laughed inside and thought that Zhao Hai was really talented. Nobody would suspect that this thing unexpectedly came from the inside of a plant.11

After some time, Laura revealed an awed expression, as if she were holding something rare instead of just holding a Magic Peach Core. Her eyes were sad as she gently placed the thing on the table and finally said to Zhao Hai, “This is too unfair to Mister. This gift is too expensive and more precious than the five Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs. Thus, I cannot receive it.”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled. “Miss Laura is too polite. Please accept it as this thing would be more useful to you. However, don’t think that this is such a good thing. Be careful when using it, otherwise it will bring you a great deal of trouble.”

Laura was not stupid and immediately understood. Just like what Zhao Hai had said, if she didn’t use it carefully, this thing would become a curse.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s appearance, smiled, and said, “For Miss Laura, this thing will be very useful. However, the danger it represents is very large. If Miss Laura doesn’t want to receive it, then I will not force you.”

Laura looked at the Magic Peach Core on the table, then looked at Zhao Hai and clenched her teeth. Finally, she decided to take the Magic Peach Core and carefully embraced it. Then she bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Laura will have to apologize to Mister Zhao Hai.”

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Miss Laura is too polite. This was an equal exchange, thus, you don’t owe me anything.”

Laura smiled bitterly. How could she not owe anything to him? Although five Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs were precious, they could not be compared to the unique ancient magic products of the continent. The difference wasn’t as simple as just being a few streets apart.

Zhao Hai firmly said to Laura, “Miss Laura, I do hope that you won’t tell anyone that I am the one who gave you this Pet Jewel. Ok?”

Laura nodded and said, “Mister, rest assured that I will not say anything. But if one day, some people chase me down in order to kill me because of this Pet Jewel, I ask Mister to save me.”

Zhao Hai smiled at Laura, and couldn’t help but laugh as he knew that Laura was cracking a joke. Everyone knew about Laura. Don’t even look at just his relationship with her, there was also Quinn John, who wasn’t an average person. In addition, she was of the Markey Dell clan. On the continent, the number of people who dared to move against her would only be a few.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 167




Chapter 167

Chapter 167 - Biochemical Beasts?

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Laura sat in her carriage, carefully examining the Magic Peach Core she held. She wasn’t aware of where it came from. This thing just looked like a round ball of iron with a dot at the top.

Nier also carefully looked at the small ball. To be honest, even though she knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t deceive them, Nier wasn’t able to believe that there’d be something like this on the continent.

After some time, Laura put away the Magic Peach Core. She took a breath, smiled, and looked at Nier. “What’s wrong? Is it that surprising?”

Nier nodded her head and said, “Yes, I really didn’t think that there would be such a thing. Young Lady, in the end, what do you think is Mister’s identity? How can he just hand out ancient magic products?”

Laura smiled. “I really don’t know Mister’s origin and I’ve never heard of anyone like Mister on the continent. A person like Mister should’ve been famous throughout the continent. Except, there’s never been any news of such a person. Isn’t that too strange?”

Nier frowned and asked, “What do you mean, Young Lady?”

Laura shook her head and said, “I don’t know how to say this, but Mister’s body has too many things we don’t know about. I don’t want to find out what they are now, because that would be disrespectful to Mister. Anyways, Mister is our ally now. As long as we handle matters well, the commodities Mister produces will be sold by our Higanbana firm throughout the Purcell Duchy. That should be enough.”

With that, Nier couldn’t help but smile. She turned to Laura and said, “Young Lady, now that our store has branches open throughout the whole Purcell Duchy, would our clan still look for trouble against us?”

Nier was Laura’s maidservant. Consequently, when the young lady marries, she would be part of the dowry. That’s why Nier was so concerned about Laura’s future. Of course, there would be an exception. That is, if Nier were to marry before Laura, then Nier wouldn’t need to be a part of the dowry.

However, Nier’s situation was a little rare. She hadn’t been sold by a master and was actually a servant born within the clan. For a young lady from an aristocratic clan, having a maidservant would be an assurance. They could also make this maid her helper. As such, how could they easily give her up?

Laura looked at Nier and smiled. “My silly Nier, you think things are that simple? Our present status might be better, but in the eyes of those people in the clan, we’re still nothing. What I can say is that we have more bargaining chips to negotiate with them. Adding to the fact that we have a very good relationship with the Purcell clan, even if they want to move against us, they would need a reason to shake our station.”

Nier felt relieved and said, “That’s good. Young lady, why don’t you consider Mister Zhao Hai since Mister has such good skills. He’s also good natured with a good heart, so I think in the future, he will certainly be good towards the Young Lady.”

Laura looked at Nier with a smile. She teased, “You little girl, are you fancying Mister? So you think that I should marry him?”

Nier blushed. “It isn’t like that. I won’t speak irresponsibly.”

Laura chuckled and told Nier, “Little girl, things really aren’t so simple. The strength of Mister is too big, and he has too many good things in his hands. Yet, we still aren’t allowed to see his true colors. This means that Mister is one with very powerful enemies. If they





are against such a powerful strength, then I fear that Mister’s enemies will also not be that easy. If I really married Mister, I fear that we will face a more dangerous situation than what we’re currently experiencing.”

Nier stared for a moment. Then she smiled and looked at Laura. “So the Young Lady wants to marry Mister Zhao Hai? Hee hee, the Young Lady always said that she has never thought of it. Deceiving people?”

Laura looked blankly at Nier, but didn’t reply. She didn’t really know why, but she really had thought about it. This might probably be because Nier had talked about such things too much lately. That’s why she had such thoughts.

* * * * *

Zhao Hai didn’t have time to think about Laura and he hadn’t thought about what she might be thinking. To tell the truth, presently, he was a little anxious. He estimated that by now, Buffy had entered the Carrion Swamp for over a month already. Yet, till now, he hadn’t come out.

In addition, there was the issue of eating and drinking. Thus, Zhao Hai wasn’t really clear on how Buffy would live inside the swamp. Remember that all the plants there were poisonous. He was curious as to how Buffy survived this month. Was he able to eat or drink? He hadn’t heard anything about a Rank Nine that could survive without eating. Ah...

Although Zhao Hai had now begun to improve the land in the vicinity of Fort Iron Mountain, he didn’t dare to go too far. He only managed around four square kilometers1, which was still a lot. Remember that there weren’t many people in the fort, thus, there was a lot of land that they couldn’t manage.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai had raised a lot of scaled wildebeests which the slaves used to help them when they were busy planting some common vegetables. Thus, they weren’t that tired.

Zhao Hai hadn’t changed the scaled wildebeests into zombies. Although it might appear that zombies were a lot more useful, Zhao Hai wasn’t a genuine black magician, so he still preferred living things.

When Laura left Stony Mountain, Zhao Hai immediately took the several bags of magic seeds and placed them in the Space. Green naturally followed him as he also wanted to know if, this time around, the Space would be able to level up.

As soon as they entered the Space, they heard a beep from the Space and a tone that said:

[Discovered plant seeds.

Recording seeds.

Vegetable seeds - variant type. Seed evaluation is: Level 15 plant.

Extracting seeds, digitizing seeds.

Seeds can now be bought from the ‘Spatial Shop’.]2

[Discovered plant seeds.

Recording seeds.

Vegetable seed - variant type. Seed evaluation is: Level 15 plant.

Extracting seeds, digitizing seeds

Seeds can now be bought from the ‘Spatial Shop’.]

......

…

…

After five consecutive prompts, a little while later the space beeped and prompted in another tone:

[Because of the discovery of new plants, Space has reached the upgrade requirements and has upgraded to Level 11.

New land that can now be reclaimed is: Ten Acres. Requirements: 3000 Gold Coins.

The level and gold coin requirements have been met, do you wish to reclaim this land immediately?]

Zhao Hai had been waiting for this level up, and he also wasn’t short on money. This time around, the land that could be reclaimed was around ten acres. Thus, he didn’t hesitate and said, “Immediately reclaim.”

A white light flashed and ten acres of land appeared in the Space.

Green looked at the ten acres of land and didn’t know what to say. These ten acres of land weren’t a small quantity.

Zhao Hai hadn’t expected that after passing Level 10, he could reclaim ten acres of land. This was a big surprise.3

Zhao Hai saw the acres of land and turned to Green, saying, “Grandpa Green, I want to plant magic vegetables on these new acres of land. What do you think?”

Green recovered after hearing Zhao Hai. He looked at the new acres of land, then at the vegetable seeds in Zhao Hai’s grip. Green nodded and said, “Alright. For these kinds of magic vegetables, after producing them we can take a part and add them to our food supply. Then we can save some until we have a large enough amount before letting Miss Laura help us sell them off so we can get some income from it. Also, I really didn’t expect that this upgrade would give us ten acres of land. It seems that we must further upgrade the Space as soon as possible. ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he commanded the Space using his mind. Automatically, the lands were farmed and planted with these five vegetables. He planted each type over two acres. Before long, they were all planted.

After planting these ten acres of land, Zhao Hai took out the Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs that were still inside the box and went to the ranch. The ranch now raised blue-eyed rabbits and several windseeking horses4 in the Space.

Zhao Hai had purposely kept these horses in the Space. When they were travelling, they used the undead to hurry along. However, if they were going to Casa City, then they could only sit on the undead until they got to the entrance of the city. Afterward, they would have to walk inside, which wasn’t convenient.

Also, for the scaled wildebeests, although they’d been improved, they were still too slow. In order to have a convenient means to travel within the city, Zhao Hai had raised these horses.

Although the speed of Alien5 was faster than the windseeking horses and could pull a lot more than them, Zhao Hai still decided to use the horses because if Alien pulled, then it would cause too much noise which would likely raise up a storm.

Moreover, Zhao Hai honestly envied the design of Laura’s carriage. Before, he could only look at it. Now, however, he was wealthy and could make a carriage just like Laura’s. Even if it wasn’t the same, there mustn’t be too much of a difference.

After Zhao Hai and Green entered the ranch and brought the box with the Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs, the Space beeped and intoned:

[Discovered new animals.

Biochemical battle beast - Can absorb pure energy to survive. Can assist humans in battle and help them exceed their shortcomings. Can only absorb pure energy and cannot be upgraded. To improve these deficiencies, the biochemical beast can properly absorb any form of a skill in order to upgrade.

Extracting animals, digitizing animals.

Animals can now be bought from the ‘Spatial Shop’.]

Immediately after, another beep sounded and a tone prompted:

[Because of the discovery of new animals, ranch has upgraded to Level Three. It can now domesticate a hundred more animals.]

Then, there were no more voices.

Zhao Hai was very happy. He immediately took the five eggs to the hatching area of the ranch. Soon, the eggs cracked one after another. Then a fluffy little thing broke out.

As Zhao Hai saw these things, he was stunned for a moment. This was because he found out that these five little things looked like five little chickens. These were five different colored chicks.

Zhao Hai looked blankly at the five chicks. He murmured, “How could it be chickens? Did someone catch a chick in order for it to become a Chicken Virtuous Phantasm?”

As Zhao Hai said that, Green couldn’t help but laugh. He said to Zhao Hai, “Master, these are not chickens, but Eagle class Virtuous Phantasms. They are a lot fiercer than chickens. Although they aren’t as good as Magic Beasts, they can still transform into armors and weapons. Furthermore, they can also fly. Since they can interlink with their master, they can be used as an airborne scout.

“I hadn’t really thought that Laura’s gift this time around would be Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. These Eagle Virtuous Phantasms are really rare.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 168




Chapter 168

Chapter 168 - Buffy Comes Out

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Zhao Hai hadn’t thought that these five Chicken Virtuous Phantasms were actually Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. He turned around and looked at Green, asking, “Grandpa Green, are you sure you aren’t mistaken?”

Green smiled and said, “Master, I can’t be wrong. They are really of the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm class. There’s no such thing as a Chicken Virtuous Phantasm. Moreover, in terms of ones that could fly in the sky, there’s only the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm class.”

Presently, the five chicks were running around and pecking at the grass, scrambling all over the place. They seemed quite healthy. Green frowned and said, “This isn't right, Virtuous Phantasms can only eat things that contain strong magic elements. How come these several little things are different?”

Zhao Hai chuckled. “It’s not important since the Space didn’t say anything. Oh, right, they had been improved. I presume that this is what it meant.”

Green thought about it and nodded. “It seems to be the case. This is just great, with several of our own Virtuous Phantasms, we can reproduce a lot more of these Virtuous Phantasms.”

Zhao Hai chuckled again. “Right. However, we can’t reproduce too much. We also have the blue-eyed rabbits to maintain. We should first wait until the ranch in the tunnel can fully produce its own blue-eyed rabbits. Then we can raise other things in the Space. ”

Green nodded and both he and Zhao Hai returned to the inside of the Spatial Villa1 and sat down. Zhao Hai turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, I am ready to explore the Carrion Swamp after Buffy comes out. In any case, we should solve the threat of the Carrion Swamp anyway.”

Green frowned and said, “Master, I fear that it won’t be that easy to resolve the threat of the Carrion Swamp. For many years, a lot of strong experts had gone in, but only a few have come out alive. Although Master has the Space, it may still be impossible to solve. ”

“I don’t intend to completely take care of the threat of the Carrion Swamp,” Zhao Hai said, nodding. “I just don’t want to yield to the magic beast riots that occur from time to time. Also, when Buffy comes out, so long as we exterminate him then we will be able to find out some information about what’s happening inside. This should enable us to head deeper into the Carrion Swamp.”

Green thought for a moment and nodded. “That’s good. If we cannot resolve the threat of the Carrion Swamp, then we won’t ever be safe within the Black Waste.”

Green was now a lot more confident with the Space. He believed that there wasn’t anything that existed inside the Carrion Swamp that they should fear. So long as there was the Space, Zhao Hai’s security wouldn’t be a problem. This was the main reason why he’d agreed to what Zhao Hai had proposed earlier.

Meirin smiled and said, “I heard that there will be a lot of plants there that aren’t available within the continent. If that is the case, then Master will be able to upgrade the Space faster. ”

Zhao Hai nodded his head, smiled, and said, “Yes, this time around, Drunk had collected many things. I believe that when they get back into the Space, it’ll be upgraded. When that happens, the area of land would be even greater.”

Green nodded and looked outside the villa window. With a low voice, he said, “As long as the land inside the Space gets larger, we will gain a lot more capital. When that time comes, don’t even think of bullying us.”

Zhao Hai just nodded





. Then he froze for a moment and turned to Green. “Grandpa Green, Drunk had just sent a message stating that Buffy was coming out of the swamp. He also looks badly injured.”

Green was surprised for a moment, then immediately turned to Zhao Hai. “Immediately ask Drunk how injured Buffy is. He might take several days before he arrives here from the Black Waste.”

Zhao Hai nodded and immediately asked Drunk. Turning back to Green, he said, “Drunk reported that the injuries don’t seem to be light and, evidently, he was flying as fast as he could. He should be coming out of the swamp within two days.”2

Green nodded his head and said, “The time is just enough. We will stop him in the mountains. Master, please take a look at the Virtuous Phantasms and see if they can be matured within a few days. These Virtuous Phantasms will definitely be able to help us. Even if Buffy can fly, we won’t need to be afraid.”

Zhao Hai nodded his head. He shifted a little and was now in the ranch. He examined the Virtuous Phantasms.

These Virtuous Phantasms were Level 10 animals, with a maturity time of 15 hours. They can produce an egg every 8 hours, and can lay eggs up to a maximum of 5 times.

This means that within two days time, they could reproduce enough. Almost a hundred Virtuous Phantasms could then be taken out. Thus, waiting for these Virtuous Phantasms to mature before the battle wouldn’t be a problem.

Space animals had a spawning cycle. Granted, even though they will mature, they still needed to wait for a predetermined Space spawning time before they truly matured and could be placed inside the warehouse. If they do not reach the specified maturity time, then they cannot be moved through the warehouse. Of course, there was an exception to this rule. Newborn young animals were exempt because they could be directly placed into the warehouse as a source of income.

Seeing this result, Zhao Hai was assured that a hundred Eagle Virtuous Phantasms would be able to make a wounded Rank Nine expert fall from the heavens.

After Zhao Hai told Green the results, Green was very happy. They immediately moved to Fort Iron Mountain and prepared to deal with Buffy.

As a precaution, Green went to Casa City and bought several Strong Bows3. Although a Rank Nine expert could fly, they couldn’t fly too high. With a Strong Bow, they could be directly shot at. However, people on the continent didn’t use bows and arrows to hit a Rank Nine expert because that would be tantamount to a death wish.

Meanwhile, Zhao Hai recalled some magic beasts from Stony Mountain and placed them on alert within the Black Waste. Since this time around they would be dealing with a Rank Nine expert, even though it was a wounded Rank Nine expert, a Rank Nine was still a Rank Nine. He shouldn’t be underestimated.

Two days passed quickly and Zhao Hai’s Space had a hundred matured Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. After they had grown up, their appearance, which was like that of a chick when they were young, was now completely different. They looked like what Zhao Hai had heard of before, golden eagles.

Grown up Virtuous Phantasm’s open wingspan would be almost five meters long and their body was nearly two meters tall. They had a steel hook-like mouth and cast-iron talons. With beautiful eyes, they had a low and deeply hoarse cry that had an unusual penetrating power and an overwhelming strength behind it.

Zhao Hai was very surprised by what the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms were eating. When they grew up, they didn’t eat the grass anymore, but rather the blue-eyed rabbits. They would eat a blue-eyed rabbit every time the Space produced a rabbit, which seemed like they were playing a strange game of switch up.

Zhao Hai couldn’t really understand why this happened, so he asked the Space. However, the answer he got was that his level wasn’t high enough. In the end, it couldn’t be inquired about which made Zhao Hai depressed.

Anyways, the number of the blue-eyed rabbits in the Space didn’t actually decrease, even though they were eaten by the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. These Eagles also maintained a strong aggressiveness, which was very good.

Zhao Hai had let these matured Eagle Virtuous Phantasms out of the Space since he’d feared that these matured eagles might not be of any use. However, the results were very good. These Virtuous Phantasms were very obedient, even when they were outside the Space. When they were told to attack, they would attack, and would also do it in formations. As Zhao Hai had managed these features, he’d made these Virtuous Phantasms go with a formation attack.

Green was very satisfied with the result. Even if the strength of these Virtuous Phantasms was very strong, they didn’t only have strength but also a large stature. Compared to the normal Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, they were larger. This improvement was probably because of the Space.

Green estimated that the fighting strength of these Virtuous Phantasms would be equivalent to a Rank Six expert. When they fought in the air, they would be even stronger since, after all, they were born to fly.

Zhao Hai hadn’t only fortified Fort Iron Mountain, but had also sent a lot of undead to the periphery of the swamp to scout in order to find Buffy in the shortest possible time.

However, to Zhao Hai’s surprise, they didn’t see Buffy two days later. Zhao Hai immediately sent orders to those undead inside the Carrion Swamp to look for him. Finally, they found Buffy on a small island. Buffy was wounded.

Knowing that Buffy was wounded, Zhao Hai felt relieved. He immediately ordered the undead to enter the swamp and attack Buffy.

Buffy looked seriously injured and unexpectedly didn’t resist. He just flew out of the swamp. Zhao Hai couldn’t clearly see the situation within the Carrion Swamp as there was a seven-colored smog covering it, so he sent the undead into the swamp to tell him about the situation.

Zhao Hai and Green now stood in Iron Fort Mountain. They looked at the sky and over towards the seven-colored smog that covered the swamp. Green took out his Spiritwind Sword while Meirin, who stood beside them, held her magic staff. Meg took out the Sealed Magic Iron Tome4, while Woodhead and Stonehead each held a strong bow. Zhao Hai also took out his Ghost Cane and called out the stone giants, which were prepared to attack anytime.

Of course, Zhao Hai was the busiest among all of them as he was currently taking out the hundred Eagle Virtuous Phantasms while calling out ten stone giants. These stone giants were ready to throw rocks into the sky in order to attack.

Buffy didn’t let Zhao Hai and the rest down as they’d only needed to wait for about half an hour before they saw a fluctuation inside the seven colored smog that covered the swamp. Then a humanoid flew out from the swamp.

Zhao Hai feared that Buffy might go back into the swamp. With the low visibility of the swamp, it wouldn’t be an appropriate place to fight him. So as Buffy flew out of the swamp, they didn’t attack immediately. Rather, they waited until Buffy was near Fort Iron Mountain before he suddenly ordered the attack.

The first to move were those Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. One hundred eagles, fifty in front of him, another fifty sealing Buffy’s escape path towards the swamp.

With Zhao Hai’s order, the sky was then filled with hoarse eagle cries. Then two teams of the eagles forming a half moon formation that flew forwards and pressed towards Buffy.

Buffy apparently hadn’t thought that there would be a situation like this. His figure moved, then fell towards the ground.

Green shouted, “Begin!” He raised his Spiritwind Sword and rushed towards Buffy.

Buffy saw Green and immediately understood what was happening. His eyes flashed with a chill while looking at Green as he said, “So it‘s you? And you actually recovered. Well then, let us see. Since last time I had let you escape, this time around, we will see how you can run.” Then he waved his hands and threw out several Wind Bladedges towards Green.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 169




Chapter 169

Chapter 169 - Besieging the Deity

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





However, at the same time, a few boulders were thrown by the stone giants towards Buffy.

Naturally, Buffy knew what this present situation was all about. He recited several incantations with a low voice and a surge of wind elements crazily flew around him. His form was like that of a leaf dancing in the wind as he drifted around randomly.

Each magician had their own way of fighting. For example, an earth element magician often reinforced their body with magic to boost their defenses. Because of the protection of their earth elemental magic, these magicians had the strongest defenses of all the other magicians. As a contrast, their attack speed was quite slow.

Water element magicians had their own shield revolving move. The water system didn’t lack for skills and abilities and was even aggressive and varied in their uses. Later on, it was found that a water magic guard could be rotated, which increased the defensive power of the magic shield. Slowly, they developed the water system magic guard until it had the same rotational power as a whirlpool.

Fire element magicians usually focused on attack since the fire element had the most destructive power when compared to the other elements.

A wind element magician, among the other four elements of magic1, could be considered the lightest. In a battle, wind element magicians would use their wind magic to make their bodies very light, making it easier for them to avoid attacks.

A magician’s way of fighting had a direct or indirect relation with their magic attribute. Just like what the previous first on the continent and famous deity-level magic master, Johann2, had once said, magicians would need a lifetime to study each spell.

This Johann was not your average person. He was the first magic genius on the continent a thousand years ago. This didn’t mean that his talent was very good. On the contrary, his talent was quite poor. Children could start learning magic at the age of twelve, and some could even learn as early as the age of ten.

Johann, however, began to learn to meditate at the age of sixteen, yet such a person was called the Magic Teacher3. He had a total of one hundred twenty disciples throughout his entire life. These one hundred twenty disciples, without exception, all became experts. A hundred of them became Rank Eight experts, while the other twenty became Rank Nine deities.

Such a teaching ability was unprecedented. Later on, precisely because of this, Johann became recognized throughout the whole continent as the Magic Teacher. His words became seriously studied since then.

Due to that, his words that stated that a magician would need a lifetime to study a spell became his most famous saying. This was due to those disciples of his. It was because of that phrase that he had gotten such results.

Buffy was a wind magician himself. Opposing the enemy with such a method wasn’t entirely wrong. However, he changed his thoughts as he found that there was something wrong.

Who was Buffy? He was a Rank Nine expert, a person with the presence of a deity. This was a top existence on the continent. Other than when he fought against someone of the same rank, would he use the same style that a wind element magician would use to fight?

That’s impossible. The presence of a Rank Nine expert already had its own devastating force. In order to hide against the attacks from a few stone giant, would he use his usual wind element magician’s form of combat? If he said that to others, none of them would believe it.

His only explanation for doing so was because he was seriously injured and wasn’t in good shape. Since he couldn’t even fully use his strength as a Rank Nine magicia





n, he had to use this way of fighting.

Seeing this scene, Green calmed himself down and dodged the Wind Bladedges. Suddenly, a Water Dragon4 appeared and hit several of those Wind Bladedges. With a loud bang, the Wind Bladedges and the Water Dragon both vanished.

Simultaneously, two powerful arrows from bows were shot directly towards Buffy along with a five meter giant Light Sword5 that slashed straight down from the sky, slicing towards Buffy’s head. Meg and Woodhead6 had followed up and attacked him.

Buffy was a Rank Nine expert that wasn’t to be trifled with. He moved and dodged several of the boulders and waved his hand, causing a light green shield to appear over his head. This shield didn’t protect his back but rather just blocked the Light Sword that had been slashing down. He then cast two Wind Bladedges. The arrows from Stonehead and Woodhead missed their marks as they flew past his sides due to a cyclone. This cyclone surrounded his entire body and rolled dust up into the sky, hiding him.

This time, Meirin recited several incantations with a low voice and several Water Dragons appeared outside the cyclone. They seemed like iron chains as they wrapped around the cyclone.

Around the same time, several chunks of earth moved up from the ground to the sky, directly heading straight for Buffy’s foot. It was Zhao Hai who had attacked this time.

The Ghost Cane could now use three different magic elements, namely the light system, dark system. and earth system. Zhao Hai didn’t have much combat experience. Thus, he could only stay aside and act as a support.

Buffy was also worthy of being a Rank Nine expert. Even though he was injured and currently besieged by several people, he appeared to be at ease and didn't look distressed.

However, he’d really wanted to run, but couldn’t. He was being blocked by the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. If one compared these Eagle Virtuous Phantasms to the normal Virtuous Phantasms, then these had a higher fighting efficiency. While the common Virtuous Phantasms wouldn’t leave the sides of their masters because their battle capabilities were lower, this wasn’t the case for these Eagle Virtuous Phantasms.

After the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms had been transformed by the Space, they couldn’t even be regarded as the same as the continent’s Virtuous Phantasms. The Space had even called them biochemical beasts.

Due to movies and television, people on Earth usually thought of something dead or something toxic and such when they heard the word biochemistry. However, anything biological would fall under biochemistry. It could be said that humans were the main study of biological research.

Some people wanted to study biology for their own use. On the other hand, sometimes they also came up with something that would be used as a tool for killing.

Biochemical beasts had always been the vision that people would’ve liked to manufacture. A sort of strong combat beast that was capable of helping people fight. Furthermore, this beast could also absorb different genes to allow themselves to become stronger.

The Space could make such transformations. Once placed, the animals and plants, as well as the Virtuous Phantasms from the continent could be optimized. Doing these things to make biochemical beasts would be possible, but there were some shortcomings. Still, just with the Space’s ability to improve, the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms had already become very strong.

Buffy now had a better understanding. He thought that last time, when he had injured Green, that it would be impossible for Green to recover. Even if he recovered from the injuries, he would at most be a Rank Six expert, which was an optimistic view. However, what he saw today was completely different. Not only was Green’s injury cured, but his strength had been completely restored too. This made him very surprised.

Green was with Meirin, who helped him at the side. This couple, which was decades old, would naturally have flawless coordination. Adding in Zhao Hai, who would attack ruthlessly from time to time, and this all made Buffy feel unbearable.

Like Zhao Hai had guessed, Buffy really was injured. This time around, he had quickly ran out and was quite afraid of the Carrion Swamp. Although he ran out quickly, he’d still been severely injured.

He’d been temporarily suppressed due to that injury and couldn’t fight a battle for a long period of time. It was precisely because of this reason that when he met the undead that Zhao Hai had ordered to attack within the Carrion Swamp, he didn’t engage them and instead directly ran out of the swamp.

He hadn’t thought, however, that upon coming out of the swamp, Green would be there to block him. Now that he wanted to get away, it seemed difficult. As Buffy attacked, he tried to think of a way to retreat.

In all honesty, Zhao Hai couldn’t really help much in this battle. Even though he could use magic, his understanding of magic was still too small. He didn’t know which kind of magic would be most appropriate to use. Most of the time, he could only act as a support.

However, Zhao Hai was ready. Even if his knowledge of magical application was not very good, he still had the Space. Although the Space didn’t have much attack power and couldn’t help much in a fight, it still had two abilities. One was the Fly Swatter function, and the other was the Capture function.

The Capture function was originally used for capturing animals for the Space in order to increase production. However, since there was already too much improvement done by the space to the animals, a large number of animals had already been raised. It was now impossible for Zhao Hai to use this function to move animals within the Space to increase production since he could do so with just a thought.

However, this function was still kept active and could even be used outside the Space. It could be used to grab people and catch animals outside the Space.

However, Zhao Hai hadn’t used this function before. Still, he believed that this function should be easy to use. This was when it was compared to the Fly Swatter which had a lot of variables.7

It was because of this idea that Zhao Hai didn’t get fully into the battle. He was being very careful in watching Buffy. When required, he would be ruthless.

Green and the others had been battling with Buffy for an hour now, but they still couldn’t defeat him. This made them understand what kind of strength Buffy had as a Rank Nine expert. Buffy was able to hold on for such a long time, showing and proving his might.

Zhao Hai, however, had observed that Buffy’s face had become increasingly ugly. In the beginning, he was calm. Afterwards, he was now somewhat pale and flushed red from time to time. Zhao Hai was aiming to attack Buffy’s injuries, which was why he was paying such close attention to him. Lastly, he was afraid that Buffy might go all out.

As Zhao Hai had guessed, after such a long battle, Buffy had found out that his injuries would get really bad if the fight with Green and the others continued. Finally, due to his fear that this might happen, he prepared a desperate act.

After having cast a series of over a hundred Wind Bladedges, Green was finally compelled to draw back. Buffy quickly recited an incantation and waved his hand, causing a huge tornado to appear in front of him. It was a very strong tornado that sucked up a lot of dust and dirt. It even affected a few stones that were caught up in the wind, which made it more dangerous.

Buffy’s voice came from the back of the tornado, “Crazed Wind Tornado8, kill!”

That tornado spun directly towards Green. While Green dealt with this magic spell, Buffy made a quick movement and rushed towards the Carrion Swamp.





Notes:



- This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice.



- Please support the author if you love this novel.



- Please check out the Editor's footnotes, thanks.





1 If you hadn’t noticed, there’s some differences between a Western and Eastern view on the elements. For the East, they have the five element system that includes Fire, Water, Earth, Wood, and Metal/Gold. For the West, they see Fire, Water, Earth, and Wind as the four elements. Coiling Dragon deploys the four elements with its Western setting, while I Shall Seal The Heavens has the five element system. This story, again, has a Western setting.



2 约翰 - Yuēhàn. Johann is the best for this.



3 魔法导师 - Mófǎ dǎoshī. Magic Tutor/Teacher/Mentor. Basically, he teaches magic.



4 水龙 - Shuǐlóng. Basically, Water Dragon. I am unsure if this is the actual name of the spell, but it’s been repeated several times, so...



5 光剑 - Guāng jiàn. Basically, Light Sword/Saber/Blade. Repeated spell of the Light Element. Also unsure if this is the actual name of the spell.



6 I’m starting to think that the author just randomly forgets he has two different names for Woodhead and Stonehead.



7 If I remember correctly, the Fly Swatter had a very low probability of doing a OHKO on the target. 10% or so. And OHKO seems a bit chancy when faced against a Rank Nine.



8 狂风龙卷 - Kuáng fēng lóng juǎn. Crazy/Mad (狂) Wind (风) Tornado/hurricane/cyclone (龙卷).





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 170




Chapter 170



When Zhao Hai saw Buffy release such a wide-ranged magic spell, he quickly felt something was wrong and avoided it by entering the Space. Immediately opening the screen, he saw the situation outside on the battlefield. Obviously, the red dots represented his side while that lone green dot represented Buffy. The magic that Buffy casted on the battlefield took away all of the attention, so it was harder to spot him.

However, this was enough. Zhao Hai managed to find out that Buffy was planning to head back into the Carrion Swamp. He understood Buffy’s intent; allowing Buffy to escape and re-enter the swamp would make him difficult to find, even if they had the Space and weren’t afraid of the poison fog.

Zhao Hai’s hand pointed out at the green dot and he launched the Capture function. He immediately went out of the Space, wanting to see if the Capture function would be successful.

Upon leaving the Space, a large hand appeared in the sky. This large hand was white, a gleaming white that soared directly towards Buffy.

This large hand was very quick and Buffy couldn’t escape the large hand, even though he wasn’t slow. As it was about to catch Buffy, the large hand suddenly opened and Buffy was caught in its palm.

Buffy still hadn’t understood what had happened before he was suddenly grabbed. He hastened to escape. However, at this moment, a large fly swatter appeared in the sky, targeting Buffy’s head.

This fly swatter was fast and everyone could only see a blurred motion before the fly swatter slammed a total of twenty times onto Buffy’s head. Buffy fell directly to the ground.

However, it was obvious that Buffy’s strength was a lot stronger than Zhao Hai’s, as he wasn’t dead. At this time, a Light Sword flew out from the Space, cutting across Buffy’s neck, cleanly separating his head from his body.

After Buffy died, the huge tornado disappeared. Green quickly ran towards Buffy and looked down at his corpse.

Taking a moment to breathe, Green said, “He was indeed a Rank Nine expert. If not for Master moving in during the final moments, he would’ve been able to escape.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s nothing. Anyway, he wasn’t able to escape. Grandpa Green, watch me.”

After he said that, he picked up Buffy with his right hand and transformed him into a high rank skeleton.

It really was a magical thing, this black magic. Zhao Hai cast his Soul Trap technique and the head that had flown away now came flying back to Buffy’s body. The disappearance of flesh followed quickly and a skeleton appeared in front of Zhao Hai.

With Zhao Hai’s intent, Green, along with the others, returned to the Space. Upon entering the Space, the Space immediately gave Buffy upgrades. Buffy became a zombie and now looked younger many times over compared to when he was still alive. He now looked like a middle-aged man.

Zombies didn't necessarily decay or waste away when they died after a time. On the contrary, people who were turned into zombies would have their bodies strengthened. They would undergo transformations which would result in some changes. For instance, Buffy looked younger as an example of a change.

After being transformed into a zombie, a tongue would be reproduced and their consciousness would become their own once again. These zombies would then be able to speak like a normal person. This was the result Zhao Hai wanted. He wanted Buffy to tell him his knowledge of the Carrion Swamp. If Buffy were only a skeleton, then only Zhao Hai could communicate with him. Zhao Hai would then have to reiterate everything to Green and the others, which would be troublesome.2

After Buffy was transformed into a zombie, the Space suddenly beeped:

[Discovered new magical energy.

Prompting e





nergy.

Strengthening the Space’s attack performance.]

Zhao Hai’s attention was focused on the Ghost Cane’s notes. He immediately understood what the Space meant. Right now, the Ghost Cane could use spells from a new magic element, that of the wind element.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about this and led Green and the others back into the villa. He asked Buffy, “Buffy, tell us everything you know about the Carrion Swamp.”

Buffy bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Yes Master. This time around, I had gone deep into the Carrion Swamp, over 5,000 kilometers3. Everything was going well then and I only encountered some poisonous plants and flying insect magic beasts, as well as other magic beasts. I didn’t encounter too many risks during this time. However, as I went deeper into the swamp, after traveling around a 10 square kilometer area4, I found a city.”

Zhao Hai and Green seemed distracted for a moment. Then Green looked at Buffy and asked, “Did you just say a ‘City’?”

Buffy nodded. “Yes, it was a city, also a very large city. However, there was no one in the city, not even magic beasts or undead. The entire city was full of flowers though, a strange kind of flower.”

Green immediately asked, “What kind of flower?”

Buffy said, “This flower was very strange as it was like a vine that grew upright on its own. It had thorns on its vines, and the vines were dark green in color. At the top there was a fully bloomed flower with seven petals. Each petal had its own color. It was just like the different colors of the smog covering the Carrion Swamp and they were very bright.”

Zhao Hai and the others looked surprised as this was the first time they had heard about it. The entire city was full of flowers? What kind of situation was that?

Zhao Hai then asked, “How many people could live in that city?”

Buffy replied, “It is very big. Although it was a little smaller than Casa City, it is about the size of an average medium-sized city. So, around half a million people could live in it. Furthermore, this city had its own wall, and the walls were made of stone. However, the strange flower was odd. As it could give birth to vine roots, these roots attached themselves to the stone. I tried attacking it with my Wind Bladedge to move the flowers, but failed. The entire city was covered by this flower, which was very strange.”

Zhao Hai, Green, and the others were shocked. A city that could be populated by half a million people, on the Ark Continent, wouldn’t be small. Such a big city was covered by a strange flower, how large a flower could that be?

Moreover, the flower’s root could attach itself to the stone, which was amazing. What root of a plant could be this sharp? Most importantly, a Rank Nine magician’s Wind Bladedge couldn’t even cut or move the vines? In the end, what kind of flower was this?

Furthermore, there was one point that Green was mostly concerned about. Buffy had said that the color of the flower’s petals were the same colors as the smog covering the Carrion Swamp. Could there be a link between this flower and the Carrion Swamp? Was the flower the cause of the smog, as well as the variation of the smog’s color?

They really wanted to enter the Carrion Swamp, so these circumstances were very important for them. Zhao Hai turned to Buffy and asked, “What else is there? Tell us everything.”

Buffy nodded his head and said, “Originally, everything was normal. There were many undead and magic beasts in the Carrion Swamp, and they had their own territories. The outer periphery had low ranks, while the areas nearer to the city had the higher ranking magic beasts and undead. During the four weeks that I had been exploring, I saw several Rank Eights and Rank Nines, but they didn’t attack me. However, after I attacked using the Wind Bladedges to cut the flower, they suddenly attacked me. Thus, I ran away, finally escaping the battle. ”

Zhao Hai nodded and turned to Green. “Grandpa Green, how do you see this?”

Green nodded his head, saying, “It seems like that flower is very mysterious, If I guessed correctly, the seven colored smog that covers the Carrion Swamp should be related to the flower. Otherwise, those magic beasts and undead wouldn’t guard the flower. As it is, Buffy wasn’t a problem. However, once he attacked the flower, issues arose. Seemingly, this flower is the key.”

“If this is the case, then it will be troublesome.“ Zhao Hai frowned. “We are separated by 5,000 kilometers, from here to there. That should also be the central area of the Carrion Swamp. If we want to solve the threat of the Carrion Swamp, then we must start with that flower.”

Green nodded and said, “Buffy was not attacked when he explored the swamp, probably because he was quite strong. Those undead and magic beasts were Rank Eight and Nine and their intelligence wasn’t any lower than that of humans, so they didn’t want to mess with Buffy. However, Buffy attacked the flower which made them anxious. This shows the importance of the flower to them. Buffy, is there anything else to be reported?“

Buffy nodded and said, “There is another situation, but I’m just guessing and I’m not sure if it’s accurate. I find it very strange that inside Flower City, the more I head towards the middle of the city market area, the more robust the flower vines became. The flowers covering the entire city is probably only one flower, and all the other flowers branch out from that main one.”

After Buffy said that, Green was even more stunned. The flowers that covered the entire city was actually one? This argument was truly terrifying. What kind of flower could grow as much as this? Even the legendary Tree City5 of the elves6 wouldn’t be this big, right?

Green looked at Buffy and asked, “Buffy, are you really telling us the truth? When you observed the city, the flowers that surrounded it really only branched out from that one flower?”

Buffy nodded and said, “This is just my hypothesis, but it seemed like it had its own consciousness. If I just touched it gently, there wouldn’t be any reaction. However, if I attack using my Wind Bladedge, it acted crazily and even spewed smog from the colored flowers. Then the vine started attacking me. That flower vine is quite fast, although its strength couldn’t be compared to a Rank Nine. Also, it seems like it couldn’t leave Flower City. Thus, when I left the city, the flowers slowly retreated, but then the magic beasts began attacking me.”

Green’s face became ugly as he said, “It seems like the root of everything in the Carrion Swamp really is that flower. What is strange is why those that came out of the Carrion Swamp before didn't explain these things.”

Green knew that there were some experts that had managed to escape from the Carrion Swamp before. They might have even said something about all of this. However, in the recent thousand years, no one dared to enter the Carrion Swamp. As such, these things had been slowly forgotten.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 171




Chapter 171



Zhao Hai frowned and said, “It seems like the threat of the Carrion Swamp is very difficult to solve. If it wasn’t for him being a Rank Nine expert, exploring the Carrion Swamp would have been a struggle. How should we handle this?”

Green also frowned. “This matter is truly difficult. That flower is as strong as a Rank Nine expert. Adding in the fact that there are a lot of guardian magic beasts and undead defending it, trying to solve this will be very hard. Oh, right. Buffy, did you bring space equipment when you explored the Carrion Swamp this time? If you didn’t, how did you eat?”

Buffy replied, “I didn’t bring any space equipment since exploring the Carrion Swamp would’ve been dangerous. The clan didn’t allow me to bring space equipment because of that. However, eating wasn’t a problem. After all, there’s a lot of plants and animals in the Carrion Swamp. Even though they’re toxic, you just needed to find some that had less toxicity and think of a way to detoxify them. After all, magic can be used to detoxify.”

Green nodded as what Buffy said was right. Buffy was a Rank Nine magician and a wind element magician. Though only light and water elements had spells that could purify, there were still many possible detoxification methods. Even the general detoxification spell of magicians could be used as a contingency. Since Buffy explored the Carrion Swamp without any space equipment, naturally he would look for less toxic plants and magic beasts, then detoxify them. He then wouldn’t starve to death, nor would he be poisoned.

Green didn’t inquire into this matter anymore since the most important thing was to solve the threat of the Carrion Swamp. Eating wouldn’t be a problem for them since Zhao Hai had the Space. Even if Zhao Hai brought the slaves into the Carrion Swamp, there wouldn’t be a food issue.

The group of people in the villa frowned after hearing what Buffy said. Although Buffy had told them a lot of information, the most important piece for Zhao Hai was the flower. They had to be more sure of it. The more pressing issue was that they had found the root of the problem. However, they hadn’t obtained any solutions for it.

After a while, when Meirin saw that the others didn’t have any ideas, she stood up and said, “Well, don’t think about it for now. Leave this matter to Buffy. First, bring him some paper. Then let him go back out and draw a map of the terrain as he passes over it. After the map is drawn, we will have a guide we can use for when we enter the Carrion Swamp.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes. Anyway, now that we can’t think of anything, let’s just leave it at that. Meg, help Buffy get some paper and a pencil and let him draw the map.” Meg1complied with his words and went to get Buffy a pencil and paper.

Green followed. “Yes. For now, let’s leave it at that. Master, it seems that we can order Drunk to return now and bring some plants and magic beasts back. So long as Master’s Space levels up, everything will be alright.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Fine, I’ll order Drunk to come back. We’ll wait for them and see what degree the Space upgrades. As long as the Space does level up, everything will be easier.”

Green nodded his head and said, ”Yes. In fact, I want to emphasize that the Space does have great offensive capabilities, such as the Capture function and the Fly Swatter. They have very strong offensive power. Even Buffy, a Rank Nine expert, couldn’t withstand them. Adding in the ability to use insects and mosquitoes through the other functions, and the ability of the Space is quite strong. However, since we’re going into the Carrion Swamp, we can’t rely heavily on these functions. We should plan careful





ly. ”

Woodhead, who hadn’t spoken, suddenly said, “Grandpa Green, Master, if we let the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms carry the Ghost Cane and travel through the skies of the Carrion Swamp, we can avoid most of these perils. Just order it to go directly to Flower City and observe the situation. If they really can’t survive with their strength, then let them return.”

Green was stunned for a moment after hearing what Woodhead said. Then he replied, “This is a good way too. Master, how do you see it?”

Zhao Hai thought about it and said, “This approach is excellent. As long as Buffy can confirm the locations, we will be able to freely observe the situation. Furthermore, the Space can place a transfer point since I have saved them up in case there was a greater need for it. If we can really do it like what Woodhead said and go directly to Flower City, then it’s possible to place a transfer point in the city itself. Then we can go in and out of there anytime.”

Green stood up, walked around, and said, “I think with this matter, we should head there first to observe. Anyway, sooner or later this matter will be solved. Establishing a transfer point wouldn’t only help us understand the Carrion Swamp, but can also give us a place to hide.”

Zhao Hai nodded as he agreed with what Green said. Although they had the Space as their hiding place, hiding there for a long time wouldn’t be a good thing. However, if they couldn’t hide in Stony Mountain, nor the Black Waste since a Rank Nine expert could search there, they would only be able to hide inside the Space. Furthermore, if their identities were exposed one day, it wouldn’t be safe to stay in either Stony Mountain or the Black Waste, and they really could only disappear inside the Space.

However, the Space couldn’t last longer than a generation. Thus, they needed more places they could hide with a lot of security. There was no other place as vicious as the Carrion Swamp. Even a Rank Nine expert wouldn’t dare enter easily.

Of course, this would only be the last option if they needed to hide. If they were really forced to retreat to the Carrion Swamp, then it only meant that they had no place on the continent.

Meirin frowned and said, “I’m afraid that it will be dangerous for Master to go. After all, Buffy said that the flower had a strength rivalling that of a Rank Nine expert. Green, remember when Buffy attacked you? If we didn’t have the Space, you wouldn’t have only been seriously injured.”

Green nodded his head and said, “This is a problem. However, we can just let Master stay inside the Space. Then we will go out and investigate this flower that’s the key to unlocking the mysteries of the Carrion Swamp.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Grandpa Green is right. Buffy did say that if he hadn’t attacked the flowers, they wouldn’t have assaulted him. So long as we don’t take the initiative to attack those flowers, we shouldn’t have anything to worry about.”

Green nodded his head. “In any case, we shouldn’t be worrying since it’s not a big deal if we go out while the Master stays inside the Space. We’ll investigate. That flower is just a plant, so Master’s Space can help a lot. If this plant really is smart, then it won’t be difficult for Master.”

Zhao Hai and Meirin chuckled as they listened to Green. Green looked at them with a frown and said, “You both shouldn’t laugh. I heard that if a plant has a soul, then it’s more sensitive. For this matter, perhaps there will be a good solution.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Grandpa Green, I wasn’t thinking that you were wrong. I also feel that if we stay together with those plants, it would be more comfortable if they can sometimes show some emotion. I just think that these matters we had been looking into have given results that we weren’t expecting. Ha ha.”

After Zhao Hai said this, everyone smiled. With regards to these issues, they really hadn’t thought that such would be the results. It really was too funny.

Meg came came back with the paper and pencil that would be given to Buffy to draw. She looked at everyone’s faces and saw that the atmosphere was somewhat relaxed. Puzzled, she asked, “Grandpa, Master, why is everyone happy?”

Meirin smiled while calling her over. Then Meirin told Meg about the situation which made Meg smile too. She said, “I think Grandpa is right too. So long as Master acts, we will be able to handle it well. We should think about what we should do once the issue with the Carrion Swamp is resolved.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “Your confidence in me is really high. If the issue of the Carrion Swamp was really that easy, then others would’ve already solved it. If it was just that, then it wouldn’t be called one of the five great ominous locations on the continent.”

Green didn’t care much about it. “Anyway, we have already thought of a way forward, so let’s try it Master. However, let’s do it this way. We’ll let the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm carry the Ghost Cane, but we won’t set a transfer point for now. We must first look into the situation in order to avoid wasting a transfer point.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright then. As soon as we have observed the situation, we’ll do it then. Right now, I’ll call back Drunk’s team and order them to defend the Black Waste and Stony Mountain. They don’t need to explore now anyway. If they stay in those two places, we can immediately help them if something ever comes up. Let’s do it like this and first wait for them to come out of the swamp.”

Green shook his head and said, “This won’t do. I think we should go prepare for a few days. Order Drunk to stay where there are now and allow the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm to fly over them while carrying the Ghost Cane, then let Drunk directly return back inside the Space. It will be much faster than waiting for them to come out of the swamp, right?”

Zhao Hai patted his head as if he had forgotten this. So long as the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms flew over the Carrion Swamp while carrying the Ghost Cane, it’ll be able to find Drunk’s team. Why should he order them to come out of the swamp when he could do it this way?

During the next few days, Zhao Hai prepared to head into the Carrion Swamp. Since they already knew the key to solving the threat of the Carrion Swamp, they should try it. Otherwise, the Black Waste wouldn’t find any peace.

For now, they were waiting for Buffy to finish drawing a map. Although they would be using the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm to fly over the swamp, they still needed the map. Buffy himself wasn’t able to find Flower City within just a day. He didn’t encountered much danger going there, but it still took him a month of exploring the Carrion Swamp in order to do so.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 172




Chapter 172

Chapter 172 - Into the Swamp

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Nowadays, the trading cooperation between Zhao Hai and Laura had been very stable. The addition of ten mu of farmable land in the Space had allowed Zhao Hai to plant all kinds of magic vegetables, not allowing any of the land to idle.

These new kinds of magic vegetables were assessed by the Space as level 15, so the time for them to mature was a bit longer, around a day or so. Moreover, these crops had a three harvest season rotation, which made it so that Zhao Hai wouldn’t need to attend to them too much.

These five types of crops were magic vegetables, but Zhao Hai thought that they looked like the vegetables from Earth. The tubers looked like potatoes, the sweet peppers looked like green peppers, the red turnips looked like carrots, the olives looked like tomatoes, and the green lettuce looked like celtuce1.

Although they looked similar, their taste was a lot better than the vegetables from Earth. This might be due to the magic elements within, but Zhao Hai didn’t feel anything.

Zhao Hai’s ranch also wasn’t idle. The hundred vacancies that had been added after the upgrade were used to raise more Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. With this many, it would soon be comparable to an air force in numbers. Zhao Hai believed that after another upgrade, the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms would probably be able to carry people, allowing them to form a proper air force.

Five days after they exterminated him, Buffy finally finished the map. Although the map was simple, for Zhao Hai and everybody else, this was very useful.

Buffy had explored the place several times already. However, he hadn’t flown in a straight line towards Flower City. Instead, he’d gone all around the Carrion Swamp for a while before arriving at Flower City.

Zhao Hai asked Buffy if he deliberately did this, but was surprised when he heard Buffy’s reply. He said that he hadn’t intended to do so, but just wanted to go to the other end of the Carrion Swamp to see what was there. However, upon entering the swamp, he was completely surrounded by the smog, which made him feel disoriented. Although he felt as if he were moving in a straight path, in the end he had just been flying around in circles.

Even rushing out of the swamp was hard as Buffy had gone the wrong way a lot of the time. Only at the end had he finally found the way out.

With this thought, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think of Drunk. Although Drunk wasn’t that deep into the Carrion Swamp, he still feared that going back wouldn’t be easy. Seemingly, the Carrion Swamp wasn’t simple.

After Buffy finished drawing the map, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately move, but instead went to Casa City and bought a section of magic beast hide. This magic beast hide had been processed into leather. It was around two meters long and a meter wide. After tidying it up a little, they took Buffy’s drawing and carefully copied it onto the piece of leather, expanding out from the small portion.

Due to the agreement between the Aksu Empire2 and Buda clan, the Carrion Swamp was considered a part of the Buda clan’s territory. If you really measured the entirety of the Carrion Swamp and dictated it as a part of the Buda clan’s land, then they would have a territory larger than the entirety of the Aksu Empire.

It was known by everyone on the continent that the territory of the Buda clan was basically useless, even though it was very large. Consider the Carrion Swamp, which no one dared to enter, and then add in the Black Waste, and it just shows that the piece of the territory the Buda clan occupied was just a desert in reality.

Zhao Hai, however, didn’t think of it like that. If they could rea





lly solve the threat of the Carrion Swamp, then not only would that threat be solved, but all of the problems within the Black Waste would also be solved.

Solving the threat of the Carrion Swamp would make it so that no magic beasts or undead would come out from there and make trouble through the Black Waste. Also, Zhao Hai had placed a lot of undead and magic beasts of his own around the periphery of the Black Waste to seal it up. This made it so that the average person wouldn’t dare enter there and cause a greater ruckus. Even if they wanted to make a lot of noise and flip the skies, no one would know.

This was the result Zhao Hai wanted as he would be changing the Carrion Swamp and Black Waste into an independent kingdom. When the day comes that they finally had enough strength, then even if their situation were to be known to all, no one would dare move against them.

It was for this reason that Zhao Hai had thought of placing the map onto the piece of leather and increase the scope of it. It was so that he could have a very good look at the entirety of his territory.

Zhao Hai and Green used up several days in order to complete this map. After completing the map, they were now ready to go explore the Carrion Swamp. Furthermore, they now had more than one thousand Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. Such a quantity wasn’t small. Although a human couldn’t ride atop an Eagle Virtuous Phantasm, these birds obeyed any command given by Zhao Hai. So long as Zhao Hai ordered them, their overall battle prowess would be very high.

In fact, they hadn’t prepared much before heading into the Carrion Swamp since they only needed to select a few to go. They wouldn’t take the slaves, thus they didn’t have to worry about food and water, as well as the toxin. What this meant was that they didn’t have any worries at all

The preparations that Zhao Hai did was actually for the cooperation between Laura and them. Since they had the Space, transactions with Laura wouldn’t be a problem. However, they were now going inside the Carrion Swamp. If there really were a problem that they could not run from, then they had to make the necessary arrangements. Else it would become very troublesome.

The business cooperation between them had grown further as they traded bamboo rice, radishes, fruit oil, and blue-eyed rabbits with Laura, all of which made Zhao Hai really busy.

Fortunately, with the help of the Space, everything moved according to his plans. However, handing everything over to Laura was an issue.

In the end, Zhao Hai used the same arrangements he’d used from when they had done transactions with the Purcell clan. The method was that Zhao Hai would place the products at the foot of the mountain while Laura picked them up from there.

It could now be considered very quiet around Stony Mountain, especially after the Purcell clan transferred back their slaves to the Ica plains to level the land as well as plant some crops. Although they couldn’t collect much food, some of it would still end up as edible. Thus, they could avoid any significant shortages.

The Purcell clan had been able to restore peace in the end. In fact, although the food crisis was a serious disaster, the most important losses were the ones that had happened inside the clan. Although the Purcell clan had a great heritage, their losses this time, which hadn’t been made known to the public, wasn’t any natural calamity that randomly happened. Rather, it was a man-made calamity. It wasn’t something that Zhao Hai’s pest crisis had instigated, but problems caused by the merchants.

If these merchants hadn’t disturbed the market, then everyone in the Purcell Duchy would have had an easier time dealing with the food crisis. There wouldn’t be any food price fluctuations, nor would any rumors have been spread. The Purcell Duchy might have only lost some money. If they weren’t under such heavy pressure, then they might not have been in the mood to look for trouble against the Buda clan.

However, this matter wasn’t without its advantages. Since Evan now held the highest authority in the Purcell clan, it could be considered a good thing, especially for Zhao Hai. On the other hand, this wasn’t good for the merchants who hadn’t acted honorably during the crisis and had even caused the Purcell clan to heighten their vigilance towards them. This was especially true in the case of the food commodities, along with the basic commodities. More importantly, wanting to cooperate with the Purcell clan in the future would be impossible.

The tranquility that the Purcell clan was having had both advantages and disadvantages for Zhao Hai. On one hand, he would benefit from the ease in which he conducted business inside the Purcell Duchy. On the other hand, with the stability of the Purcell clan, they might come and examine the situation inside the Black Waste.

Zhao Hai wasn’t too worried about that matter. If someone really did come to the Black Waste, there would be no fear of them being able to hide from the undead in the area. This allowed Zhao Hai to easily prepare ahead of time.

Zhao Hai had actually told Laura that he would be going somewhere far, but the truth was that most of the time, he was usually either at Fort Iron Mountain or at Stony Mountain. He would just make the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm carry the Ghost Cane over the swamp. When they stopped to rest, he could go out of the Space and check around for some particular plants. For the rest of the time, Zhao Hai didn't stay too long in the Carrion Swamp.

Finally, ten days after Buffy had gone out and been extinguished by Zhao Hai, everything was ready. Zhao Hai released five Eagle Virtuous Phantasms which then flew towards the Carrion Swamp.

However, he hadn’t thought that just after the eagles entered the swamp, the Space would prompt and in a tone, say:

[Biochemical beasts exposed to toxic substances.

Mutating genes.

Assimilated toxicity.

Enhancing genes.

Added toxicity to attack.]

This made Zhao Hai shocked. Green was puzzled as well and asked, “Master, the Space had already strengthened the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms before. Just like the undead, their attacks should have already been toxified, right? ”

Zhao Hai thought about it for a while, then shook his head afterwards. “It seems they weren’t. The Space didn’t do what it usually does to the undead, and it also hasn’t strengthened the magic beasts. We should pay attention to this matter in the future.”

Green nodded his head and said, “Yes, if the Space can strengthen magic beasts just like the undead, then their battle efficiency will unceasingly increase. When that time comes, we can relax.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “The magical abilities the Space currently displays is beyond my imagination. Who knows what will happen in the future. Anyway, the level of the ranch is still too low. Perhaps once we level it up, we will have more pleasant surprises to see.”

Green nodded, looking pleased. “Yes, ah, the farm alone has already given us a lot of surprises. I’m really anticipating what other surprises the ranch will show us.”

Zhao Hai also had expectations. Although he had a very good understanding of the farms and ranches in computer games, the present situation of the farm made him understand that he didn’t actually know much. Only after leveling the Space would it enable him to see a summary of the abilities it had. However, although he saw these summaries, they were written quite vaguely. Thus, this made Zhao Hai surprised at the beginning when the Space improved the crops.

Zhao Hai and Green stared at the screen inside the Space. They themselves hadn’t truly entered the Carrion Swamp as they were still observing what kind of environment the swamp had.

Zhao Hai was unexpectedly surprised. They had all thought that the visibility inside the Carrion Swamp would be very low. However, contrary to what they understood, the visibility inside the smog wasn’t low and was even somewhat equal to the visibility outside. They had a visibility of over two hundred meters. Although it wasn’t as clear as that of a sunny day, it was still better than what they had imagined it to be.





Notes:



- This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice.



- Please support the author if you love this novel.



- Please check out the Editor's footnotes, thanks.





1 窝苣 - Wō jù. Celtuce. This took forever to research. It’s a variety of lettuce in China that is mostly used for its stems instead of the leaves. Other names include: stem lettuce, celery lettuce, asparagus lettuce, or Chinese lettuce. The Chinese names could be 莴笋 - Wōsǔn, or 窝苣 - Wōjù. What makes it complicated is that Wōjù can also be used for all general lettuce. Anyways, the other lettuce, 绿苣, is Lǜ jù, which is basically Green Lettuce.↩



2 阿克苏帝国 - Ākèsū dìguó. Aksu Empire. ↩





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 173




Chapter 173

Chapter 173 - Upgrade Again



Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Zhao Hai and Green paid attention to the situation happening on the screen. Although the screen could only show what happened within two hundred meters, for the both of them this was already very good.

They really hadn’t thought that the swamp would look like this. Even the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms were greatly influenced by it. However, the plants that they saw weren’t taken by Zhao Hai since he believed Drunk would have already gotten those plants for him. He might as well wait to meet Drunk, then allow Drunk to come back inside the Space.

While the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm flew over the swamp, Zhao Hai himself didn’t watch. Instead, he let the others do it.

The speed of the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms weren’t slow while flying. However, flying over the Carrion Swamp while surrounded by the seven-colored smog made their speed slow. Even if they wanted to speed up, it wouldn’t be possible.

Since the time to do transactions with Laura hadn’t arrived yet, Zhao Hai and Green didn’t go outside. Once a person came to observe the situation from the screen and replace them, they would go back to their own rooms and rest.

The Eagle Virtuous Phantasms hadn’t encountered Drunk that day, which made Zhao Hai feel very strange. Drunk had only explored over a thousand kilometers, less than 1,500 kilometers into the swamp. Supposedly, the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm had also already covered over a thousand kilometers and less than 1,500 kilometers, which should have meant that they’d have encountered each other already. However, they currently haven’t yet, which was really surprising.

Zhao Hai didn’t let the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms rest on a small island in the swamp during the night, but instead let them rest inside the Space. The following morning, unlike the original plan which was to keep flying straight, the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms flew around the area as Zhao Hai was afraid they’d missed Drunk. He wanted to look and see if they could find where Drunk was.

However, to Zhao Hai’s surprise, they weren’t able to locate Drunk. The Eagle Virtuous Phantasms flew sideways for over three hours and they still hadn’t found Drunk. Zhao Hai and Green felt that something was wrong and decided to let the eagles fly back, thinking that they could find Drunk that way.

Zhao Hai and Green might have felt that something was wrong, but it was also possible that they just couldn’t recognize the places that they had already seen. After all, the visibility in the swamp was still too low. They might as well wait while looking at the big screen in the Space.

Meirin came back inside the Space during the evening to prepare food for Zhao Hai and Green. During the daytime, she watched over the slaves at Fort Iron Mountain, which made her very busy.

Zhao Hai didn’t want Meirin to be so busy, but Meirin had gotten used to being active throughout her life. Thus, keeping her idle would make her feel somewhat unfamiliar.

Upon entering the Space, Meirin found it somewhat strange that Zhao Hai and Green frowned as they sat in front of the screen. They were still watching over the situation at the swamp, which appeared to be normal. “Master, how is it? What happened?” Meirin curiously asked.

At the same time, Meg had also just come back from the outside. She smiled after hearing Meirin ask these question and also looked puzzledly at Zhao Hai and Green.

Zhao Hai smiled. “There’s not much to worry about. However, we still haven’t found Drunk today. We’re a little anxious since Drunk told us they weren’t moving from the small island where they’d been. Howev





er, we still haven’t found them today. We just feel that it’s strange.”

Meirin smiled and said. “Master, it isn’t that you couldn’t find Drunk, but rather that you forgot that you’d ordered him to go back to monitor Buffy. Buffy may not know them and definitely didn’t look for them. That’s why he flew straight ahead and without any thoughts of going back to look for them. So, we can’t just relax and let the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm fly back since Drunk will definitely be found.”

As Meirin told Zhao Hai of such things, Zhao Hao couldn’t help but stamp his foot. “Yes, there really was such a thing. When Buffy went into the swamp, no one told him to look for Drunk. Naturally, he just flew straight ahead in order to make the map. It seems like what Grandma Meirin said was correct; that while Buffy was flying, he probably met Drunk.”

Green smiled as he became aware of the issue and said, “The two of us were at this for a long time. We’re not as good as the old woman in terms of thinking this through. I also became aware of that only after she said it. Tomorrow, we should let the Eagle Virtuous Phantasm fly out of the swamp so that can take a good look.”

The next day, Zhao Hai allowed the eagles to fly straight, yet they still couldn’t find Drunk’s team. However, at night, Drunk’s team rested at a campsite. Although they couldn’t see Drunk, Drunk had seen the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms.

Drunk and his team were undead. Although they were zombies, their heights were still similar to that of a human. When they looked at something, they used their personal senses instead of their sight. Thus, the colorful smog didn’t have any impact on their senses and they could feel the presence of things they examined from a large enough distance.

The Eagle Virtuous Phantasms weren’t the same as they still relied on their sense of sight in order to see things. Although their Eagle Eye1 was powerful, in a place where it was covered with smog, it was still not easy to notice things.

Zhao Hai was afraid to miss Drunk, so he ordered those undead in the team to line up. He then ordered them to be on alert. As soon as they saw the five eagles, they were to immediately tell Zhao Hai as he really didn’t want to miss them.

Drunk had really gained a lot of things this time around. There were a lot of Carrion Swamp plants that were very unique and weren’t ones that had been seen before by Zhao Hai.

Upon placing all the plants that Drunk’s team had collected into the Space, the Space actually rose to level 15, which made Zhao Hai really surprised.

After reaching level 15, they could now open up twenty mu of land2. Unfortunately, most of the plants were poisonous. But they weren’t that toxic and were just plain poisonous plants. Even though the space had been upgraded by four levels, it still had no way of cleansing the toxicity within the plants.

Zhao Hai wasn’t short on money right now, so he naturally opened up the twenty mu of land. He wasn’t polite as he planted the seeds that the Space had awarded all over the land.

From level 10 to level 15, the Space had given him an award of four kinds of seeds. They were namely: soybeans, sponge gourd3, bamboo shoots, and grapes.

Before level 10, the space only awarded an amount of seeds that could be planted within two mu of land. However, after level 10, the seeds that were awarded could be planted in upwards of five mu of land.4

Zhao Hai was still observing two kinds of crops in the Spatial Shop. These two crops were like the Magic Peach and had special abilities as well. One was called Ba Jiaoshan while the other was the Immortal Gourd. Banana Leaves were used as a material for the Palm-leaf Fan in the Journey to the West5. It was a type of a wind magic plant that could produce strong winds, with a ten percent probability of the item having the ability to reach a distance of up to 5,000 kilometers6. The space had evaluated it as a level 15 special plant. In order to cultivate it, the Space needed to be level 20.

The Immortal Gourd was similar, but its main effect had a more special use. It was able to be used to make wine. The Immortal Gourd had an infinite space. Crops suitable for wine could be absorbed into the gourd’s reed. Then it’ll automatically start brewing, making it very convenient.

Although it had such features, it also required the Space to be level 20. As well, while the Immortal Gourd could absorb a lot of wine making materials, if it was still young, it could only absorb enough to make five kilograms every seven days. Half a kilogram of wine needed fifty kilograms of grain, and also a minimum of 25 kilograms of fruit, else it would be impossible.

The wine was excellent as it didn’t only heal minor injuries, but could also instantly restore magic power or battle qi. For both magicians or warriors, this was very important.

Zhao Hai also knew that the Magic Peach was the same as it was an award from the Space given before reaching level 10. In order to cultivate it, there was a restriction, which was to reach level 10. This was the case for the Ba Jiaoshan and Immortal Gourd as they were special items. The seeds were given before reaching the level required to plant it, which was the case for these two. They were given at level 15, but could only be planted at level 20, showing that there was the restriction7.

Zhao Hai wasn’t too concerned about the Ba Jiaoshan as its usefulness wasn’t that great. It didn’t have the ability to cause mass destruction. As long as the enemy had good defensive capabilities, then there wouldn’t be much damage. All it could do was to blow the enemy away8.

The Immortal Gourd, on the other hand, would be really useful9. However, the yield was very low as it would take seven days to produce five kilograms, which was really too lacking. Both of these magic plants required the Space to be level 20 in order to be planted, so Zhao Hai didn’t buy them yet.

The toxic plants that were collected by Drunk were somewhat useful. These plants had helped upgrade the Space and were also edible. Not only that, they could also be used to produce some detox potions. However, producing a detox potion would require the Space to be level 30, as that was the level required to be able to open the Processing Plant10.

Zhao Hai and Green didn’t have enough time to manage all of this, so after they brought Drunk back into the Space, Drunk was immediately placed at Fort Iron Mountain to guard it. Then the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms were ordered to fly straight into the Carrion Swamp.





Notes:



- This chapter was MTL'ed. Please leave a comment for constructive criticisms and advice.



- Please support the author if you love this novel.



- Please check out the Editor's footnotes, thanks.





1 Currently unknown whether this is an ability. However, 鹰眼 (Yīng yǎn), are the characters used for Hawkeye from the Avengers...



2 Note that I have no idea why 4 level ups only equals to 20 mu of space when he got 10 mu between 10-11...



3 Fun vegetable. More info at: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luffa_aegyptiaca



4 Based on all this, I hypothesize that level 11 is a threshold level, so he gains more land and no extra seeds. Instead of the previous idea of 10 mu per level, he only gans 5, which is more balanced.↩



5 The characters for Bājiāoshàn is used prevalently for this plant, which makes a mess to translate. Basically, the characters are 芭蕉扇, with 芭蕉 meaning Banana/banana tree and 扇 meaning fan. Together they can also mean Palm-leaf Fan. In the Journey to the West, the Palm-leaf Fan belonged to Princess Iron Fan and was made of Banana Leaves. However, banana leaves is not a name I’d actually use for a super magic plant. Neither would I use palm leaf fan. As such, I’ll just stick with Ba Jiaoshan. Suggestions? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princess_Iron_Fan



6 万里 - Wànlǐ. Basically, ten thousand li, which is converted to 5,000 kilometers. Kinda OP sounding.



7 I dislike when the author gives so much repetition, like we don’t know anything… but I can’t really say anything cause of all the notes I give...



8 With a range of 5,000 kilometers, I’d place some importance on it…



9 Drunkard… 5 kilograms of wine a week and he’s making it out to be a treasure...



10 Yes, you read it right. The author changed his initial level 20 to level 30 in order to get the processing plant and cure Zhao Hai’s Water of Nothingness thingy. This is true, as I read ahead and had to wait till the Space reached level 30 before his disability (major sarcasm) was cured.





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 174




Chapter 174

Chapter 174 - Treasuring a Jade Ring Becomes a Crime1

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





While Zhao Hai explored the Carrion Swamp, Casa City wasn’t too peaceful. This time around, it wasn’t the Purcell clan, but rather Laura who was in trouble.

Laura’s business was larger than ever before as the Higanbana firm accounted for fifty percent of the entire commodities market within the Purcell Duchy. This figure was quite alarming.

Although the Purcell Duchy wasn’t as great as the other duchies, the commodities market of an entire duchy was still quite large. In fact, it was quite a luxuriant line of business. How much did the people eat everyday? Saying that every day would be a struggle for their gold wasn’t absolutely an exaggeration.

If there was a block of fat there, then everyone would want a piece. But if that fat was stuck on bone, then not everyone would be able to sink their teeth into it.2

An outsider trying to take a bite would be quite a hard feat, but that doesn’t mean a family member couldn’t try to eat it. This time, the schemes Laura had to fight against were by none other than the Markey Dell clan.

Although Laura’s father was the second heir, the old patriarch was still alive. He was Laura’s grandfather, and Karen’s3 father, Sioux4.

The old patriarch ruled the Markey Dell clan’s huge business empire. He wasn’t an easy person to deal with as he was a pure businessman. Everything and anyone, in his eyes, were just business commodities. For commodities, so long as the price was right, he could sell them.

This old patriarch of the Markey Dell clan had very good business sense, which was beyond the imagination of ordinary men. His methods were extreme, and since the time he had taken over the Markey Dell clan, the clan’s business had become a lot larger.

Although the Markey Dell clan’s business was doing great, to have half the shares of the commodities market within a duchy, like what Laura had, wasn’t something the clan was able to do. In comparison to the income of the other heirs, Laura’s income was quite high.

This situation wasn’t something the old patriarch would meddle with. To be honest, the old patriarch’s thoughts about his second son weren’t really positive. This was due to Karen’s attitude towards doing business.

In the opinion of the old patriarch, if you were born in the Markey Dell clan and you didn’t want to do business, then what were you going to do? If Karen wanted to learn magic, then he should excel in it. However, Karen hadn’t. His life was not for cultivating magic, but rather, for researching magic.

If Karen really liked to cultivate magic, then even if he didn’t do business, as long as he became a powerful magician then it would be of great help for the Markey Dell clan. However, he’d only chosen to study magic. His strength was also only just that of a peak Rank Seven magician.

A Rank Seven magician was a great presence in the eyes of the commoners. However, for a clan such as the Markey Dell clan, a Rank Seven magician was inadequate.

Since the clan didn’t pay any attention to Karen, and along with Karen’s attitude towards doing business, even though he was the second heir, he had already lost the possibility of inheriting and becoming the next clan patriarch5. Therefore, he was banished to the small northern area, the Purcell Duchy.

The location of the Purcell Duchy in the Aksu Empire wasn’t good. It was in the north where it bordered with the Beastfolk. Although the Beastfolk haven’t caused any major problems lately, the Purcell clan would always have to be on guard in order to avoid any major disasters from happeni





ng, year in and year out. If those Beastfolk created trouble, then there wouldn’t be much money to be made from doing business with the Purcell Duchy as the duchy was not very developed. This made it a somewhat remote and small area of the Aksu Empire.

However, even if it was a remote area, the people living there still needed daily necessities. And Laura, being a genius in business, had already spread the Taoyuan commodities throughout the Purcell Duchy and had even begun to export them throughout the Aksu Empire.

Laura certainly didn’t cooperate with others as all of this business was handled by herself, especially in the distribution and sales of the Taoyuan commodities. With regards to the daily necessity stores, Laura promoted a live advertisement, stating that even if she were willing to cooperate with others, she had already made an agreement with Zhao Hai. Their agreement was that if she ever let others sell Taoyuan brand commodities, then Zhao Hai would cease to provide her with the products.

It was precisely because of the Taoyuan brand commodities that there was such success, so naturally, it made a lot of people envious. Putting others aside, even the heirs of the Markey Dell clan wanted to fight against her.

The fight between the heirs of the Markey Dell clan in other aspects wasn’t too serious. However, the ability of an heir to do business was very important. This was also important when selecting the rightful heir of the Markey Dell clan.

Vying for the position of the next Clan Head were, besides Karen, the seven provincial heirs. These heirs would obstruct and maneuver against each other until they had indisputably beaten each other. This was a normal occurrence within the clan.

Karen’s father understood the situation as he was already quite old. However, he wasn’t ready to give up his position even though he allowed his heirs to run their own businesses. The every action of these heirs couldn’t be hidden from him.

Karen was the exception. Karen and Laura were in the Purcell Duchy, and the influence of the Markey Dell clan hadn’t reached there yet. It could be said that Laura going out and establishing her own firm in the Purcell Duchy didn’t conform to what the Markey Dell clan wanted. However, she had never asked for anything from the clan to assist her.

It was precisely because of this that the Markey Dell clan’s influence over Karen was minimal. Moreover, Laura didn’t need to fear the clan this time around. She had helped the Purcell clan, so Evan was indebted to her. The Purcell clan would show kindness to Laura, and there wouldn’t be any matter that would negatively affect them inside the boundaries of the Purcell Duchy.

One must also know that Laura was backed by the producer of the Taoyuan commodities, a black magician. That was something a lot of people were afraid of.

However, the most attractive thing were the benefits. To get benefits, people were willing to do everything they could, just like how it was when Zhao Hai was on Earth. To gain benefits, people would dare to do anything. Seemingly, this was a law that was relative to both planets. But on the Ark Continent, they could easily do it unlawfully. Such people would naturally do anything in their power in order to gain benefits.

Others wouldn’t dare to struggle when it involved someone of the Markey Dell clan. However, the members and heirs of the Markey Dell clan wouldn’t be as polite.

This time around, the old patriarch of the Markey Dell clan hadn’t sent anyone. To be honest, even after Laura had made such a large scene, the old patriarch wasn’t going to give them any attention. However, this was not the case for the heirs since they were now engaged in a battle for the right to obtain the Clan Head’s position. If they could get the Taoyuan commodities, then it would give them a great boost.

The heir that looked for Laura was not Karen’s brother, the first heir Ceinwen6, but rather the fifth heir of the Markey Dell clan, Carlo7.

Of course, Carlo didn’t come personally, but instead sent his own steward, Alodia8. Carlo grew up with Alodia as his servant. Later on, when Carlo established his own force, Alodia was promoted to his steward because of his competency. Alodia, however, wasn’t one of the clan's main stewards, but only an elder steward as he was in charge of assessing contributions.

Although the Markey Dell clan had eight heirs, there were only three powerful competitors. First was Karen’s brother who was the first-in-position heir, Ceinwen. Next was Carlo, and the third was Jamie9.

The most vigorous of them was Jamie since he was highly favored by the Markey Dell clan’s patriarch, Sioux. However, Karen’s brother, Ceinwen, was the one who had the greatest support inside the clan. This was due to the handling of his business, which was the oldest one among the heirs. Thus, he had a lot of influence with powerful people.

Carlo was the weakest of the three as he didn’t have the patriarch’s favor, nor massive supporters like Ceinwen. However, he was the person who had the best behavior as he handled matters splendidly in all sorts of social occasions. He had even maintained a very good relationship with the nobles and was approved by the clan’s servants.

Compared to Karen’s position, Carlo’s status was a lot higher. Sending Alodia to see Karen was, in fact, giving Karen a lot of face.

Before Alodia arrived in Casa City, Laura already knew about it and had asked Karen and Quinn John to meet her in the study room. She then said, “Grandpa Quinn John, Father, this visit of Alodia’s this time looks like it won’t be a good thing. How do you see it?”

Karen said thoughtfully, “How can he so easily come and see us?”

Laura looked at Karen, speechless, so she turned her head to Quinn John. Quinn John saw Laura’s look and calmly said, “Before, during that accident of yours Laura, it could have happened due to some people of the clan who might have tried to reach out to us here. Since your route was a secret, there must have been a breach of confidentiality from the family. In the beginning, we had sent people to investigate and the evidence points to Sir10 Ceinwen.

“But now, I think it unlikely since Sir Ceinwen wouldn’t need to do such a thing. Furthermore, during that time, we hadn’t amounted to anything when compared to now. Up until now, we haven’t aroused his interest. So I concluded that someone else had done this and was planning to pin everything on Sir Ceinwen. The people who might have done this would be either Carlo or Jamie as they have always been thinking of ways to attack Sir Ceinwen. And now, Carlo has sent someone. I feel that this isn't looking good.”

Laura nodded and said, “Of course this isn’t a good thing. However, I don’t know their motives for coming here yet. Is it for our firm, or is it the Taoyuan products?”

Quinn John replied, “I’m afraid it won’t be due to our firm. If he really dares to grab our firm’s gains, then he would lose the right and qualifications to compete for the next head of the clan. As I see it, it will definitely be for the Taoyuan products. This is especially likely since right now, in the conflict between the three, he has the most inferior standing. Thus, he will want to use the Taoyuan products in order to expand his influence.“





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 175




Chapter 175

Chapter 175 - Alodia

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Laura frowned and said, “I had already thought of this situation beforehand, but I never thought that this would happen so fast. We’ve only just improved our situation by a little bit and they are already coming. I think we need to talk to Mister about this.”

Quinn John nodded. “We definitely should tell Mister about this, but we should wait and see what Alodia does and what he has to say. Afterwards, we can then tell Mister. After all, we cannot let just any minor issue bother Mister.”

“Let’s talk about this two days later then,” Laura said. “About the issue of the clan’s response, since we haven’t expanded our business that much, and have only just settled here in the Purcell Duchy, we should try and open one to two stores in the other big cities. I’m sure it won’t affect their businesses and I don’t even think they would still remember us.”

Quinn John sighed and said, “The Taoyuan products are really too appealing. Although we allow our stores to sell the products without limits here in the Purcell Duchy, we will have to limit the sales in the other big cities. However, for a popular brand such as Taoyuan, just having such products be known that it exists will make it very clear to everyone what it means to sell it in their own stores. As such, everyone will definitely try to take a hold of it.”

Laura coldly snorted. “They only think of us now that the Taoyuan products have become famous. Back then, we weren’t even given attention. Right now, even if we’re willing to submit to them, it might result in Mister deciding to stop the cooperation. Hmph. Well, let’s see what these fellows intend to do.”

Karen listened to the two as they talked, but he wasn’t interested in such a discussion. Still, he was a bit interested in Alodia. As Quinn John said, he may be here due to Laura’s business. Karen was also somewhat angry.

Karen was a nice guy, that’s true. However, if they moved against his daughter, then he wouldn’t be polite. He just couldn’t possibly endure it. Especially since he knew about everything that happened here in the Purcell Duchy, such as Laura’s struggles where, bit by bit, she raised the reputation of her firm. All of these efforts were done to make the firm great. If they really wanted to move it, then it would be the same as moving against Laura. How could Karen let it happen?

Karen sullenly said, “Laura, if anything happens, don’t forget to tell me. Although I’m not really into business, after many years I have gotten to know some magicians that have become dear friends of mine. They will definitely help us if things get busy.”

Karen spoke somewhat contrary to what Laura was used to. The Karen she knew generally wouldn’t be this aggressive. Doing otherwise today made her feel a bit unfamiliar with it. Laura replied, “Don’t worry Father, if anything comes up I will definitely inform you.”

Karen nodded, stood up, and turned to leave. Laura didn’t stop him. She had never thought that Karen would help her this much.

Although Karen was a magician, after all these years, he knew not only magicians but a lot of pharmacists and alchemists. In the eyes of a normal person, these alchemists and pharmacists were crazy. They liked to study a mess of things. Due to this, their lives were very difficult. However, from time to time, Karen helped them.

Even if this could be considered as making contacts, it wasn’t that useful as the empire didn’t give them much importance. Only people like Karen and other lunatics would contact these lunatics. This implied that Kar





en was a lunatic himself.

Laura looked at Karen’s back and said, “Grandpa Quinn John, Father seems a little bit odd today.”

Quinn John smiled and said, “It’s fine, he is just feeling a little sad. He feels that he can’t help you. After all, a father wouldn’t want to see their children suffer and be embarrassed. Anyway, forget about this and think about Alodia. If he really does propose something related to the Taoyuan products, what are we going to do?”

Laura coldly snorted again. “I don’t fear them. It’s not like they can rob the Taoyuan products from us.Hmph. We’re here in the Purcell Duchy’s territory. We don’t need to be afraid of them. We’re going to fight.”

Quinn John smiled. “I’m also not afraid of them and they really can’t take away the Taoyuan products. However, you should know that those people from the clan aren’t anything good. If we don’t agree, I fear that they will move against us by using some underhanded method. We should do some preparations ahead of time.”

Laura’s eyes gleamed as she nodded. “If they do use those little tricks, it won’t be a problem. If they dare to play tricks on us, then I will teach them a lesson. Let’s see if they dare act recklessly.”

Quinn John slightly smiled. “We should do it so that the clan knows our current strength. Later, once the Young Lady talks to the clan about conditions, we’ll have even more persuasive power.”

Laura nodded. She knew her current situation. Since she was already eighteen years old, like in other clans, girls at that age should have already been married. However, she still wasn’t married up till now.

This didn’t have anything to do with her mother. If her mother were still alive, she would have already arranged for her marriage. To be honest, Laura felt good about her current situation. She had always reasoned out that they should focus on business in order to avoid marriage. Also, of those noble clan heirs that had been introduced to her, none caught her eye.

Those aristocratic clan heirs were either proud like an arrogant cock, as hypocritical as a fox, or as gloomy as snakes. Or they were dandies, which she didn’t like.

It was precisely because of this that Laura did her best to learn everything about business. This was so that the clan wouldn’t force her into marriage. For the Markey Dell clan, a marriage would have to be made with another large noble clan. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be good enough for them.

Regarding Laura’s business management, she was doing her best to perform strongly. Although her businesses were now stable, she didn’t relax a bit. She clearly understood that these businesses would be her bargaining chip against her own clan.

However, in order to cope with the arrival of Alodia, Laura made advanced preparations and allowed the stewards of the stores to prepare their eye drops so that they would be a little honest.1

Laura had a good discussion with them and on the third day, Alodia arrived at Casa City. Naturally, he reported first to Laura.

Laura’s house in Casa City wasn’t small and was a distance away from their stores. Her residence was in an area of Casa City that was expensive and was the area where the rich lived. If you didn’t have an identity, then it would simply be impossible to live there.

Since Carlo had a high status in the Markey Dell clan, Alodia’s status, being his steward, wouldn’t be low either. However, Laura couldn’t just meet with him. No matter what, Alodia was still a servant of the Markey Dell clan. It should always be that the servants go to meet the masters.

In the past, Laura had some contacts with Alodia. Alodia was a tall and lean person who usually worked very carefully and did things low-key.

Laura, Karen, and Quinn John were sitting in the parlor room. A servant led Alodia to them. Just like from Laura’s memory, Alodia was tall and lean and looked to be in his sixties. His face was weathered and his attitude was very respectful. He entered the room and immediately made his greetings to Karen. “This little Alodia greets the Second Young Master and have seen Miss Laura and steward Quinn John.”

In the Markey Dell clan, the heirs were to be called young master since Master Sioux was still alive. Alodia was a man of the Markey Dell clan, so he knew what to call them.

Karen looked at Alodia, nodded, and said, “No need to be polite. I wonder how Fifth Younger Brother is. It has been a long time since I last saw him.”

Alodia quickly replied, “The Fifth Young Master is fine, he is just too busy. That is why he could not come and meet the Second Young Master. As such, the Fifth Young Master apologizes to the Second Young Master for it.”

Karen nodded his head. “Fifth Younger Brother is so kind. He still remembers his disappointing brother. I am very happy to hear that. Anyway, since you know I am not into such matters, tell Laura what you have to say.” He then stood up and walked out.

Alodia was apparently very understanding, so he wasn’t surprised by how Karen acted. He bowed to Karen and said, “I see off the Second Young Master.”

Karen nodded his head and walked out of the parlor room.

As Karen left the parlor room, Laura smiled and said, “Steward Alodia, you don’t have to remain standing, please sit down. You’ve worked very hard today. ”

Alodia gently sat down in a chair. “Thank you, Miss Laura, for being concerned over this one’s inexpensive little life. Rushing down the road was not very hard. ”

Laura nodded and replied to Alodia, “This business of Fifth Uncle presumably isn’t bad. With the abilities of uncle, business should be a piece of cake, right?”

Alodia smiled. “The Young Master’s business is very good. Only, recently he has been very busy, otherwise he would have personally visited. The Young Master also told this little one to give a gift to the Second Master and Miss Laura. It is in the carriage. ”

Laura nodded her head. “Uncle is too kind. Grandpa Quinn John, please order some people to move the gifts into the storehouse. Also, please prepare a convenient place for steward Alodia. He had been travelling for two days, taking great difficulty to head out here to the Purcell Duchy.”

Alodia saluted Laura and said, “This little one thanks Miss Laura.”

Laura nodded. ”You’ve worked hard along the way, so go rest for two days. If you have anything to say, please do so after those two days if it isn’t urgent. That will do for now.”

Alodia quickly stood up and said, “This little one has nothing urgent to say and will take his leave.” He finished his ceremonies to Laura and walked out.

Laura really didn’t expect Alodia to really back down. Now, she was doubting if Alodia’s gourd was selling medicine2.

Soon, Quinn John came back. Laura looked at Quinn John and asked,“Grandpa Quinn John, how did it go?”

Quinn John said, “It seems like they were really prepared this time. Aside from our present, there are two more carriages. Evidently, they also contain gifts. However, I don’t know to whom they will be sending these gifts.”

Laura frowned and said, “For now, we’ll wait. During these two days, they will surely make their move.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 176




Chapter 176



Alodia really didn’t disappoint Laura as, right after arriving in Casa City, he immediately moved. Plus, his movements couldn’t easily be hidden from Laura. Thus it was clear that they didn’t intend to hide their movements from her, and she was surprised to see that Alodia’s first move was to head to the Grand Duke’s Mansion.

Laura hadn’t thought that Alodia would end up going to the Grand Duke’s Mansion. This was a bit beyond her expectations, but she thought that it was also reasonable of him to do so.

Anyway, since Alodia was the representative of Carlo, and Carlo was an heir of the Markey Dell clan with the same status as Karen, it was appropriate that they would end up visiting Grand Duke Evan. This was especially the case since Carlo could become the next head of the Markey Dell clan. Since Alodia was his representative, it was quite appropriate.

However, Laura was cautious since she thought that Alodia’s visit to Grand Duke Evan wasn’t that simple. Moreover, the people of the continent already knew that the Purcell clan owed a favor to her for her help in the food crisis. Not just that, but she had also backed up Evan when he tried to get his authority back. It could be said that Evan was her patron, so if you wanted to move against her, you must first settle this patron.

Alodia was obviously targeting the Taoyuan products this time. Since the Taoyuan products were the most precious thing in Laura’s hands, it would be impossible for her to let it go. If they wanted to get the Taoyuan products from Laura, then they had to use some other ways, especially since she was still in the Purcell Duchy. This meant that they needed to first settle Grand Duke Evan. So long as you could make Grand Duke Evan stop protecting Laura, then even if he didn’t help them deal with her, it would be enough.

After Laura saw that Alodia was heading for the Grand Duke’s Mansion, she immediately thought of such things. Sadly, she had no way to stop the meeting since it could be considered an official visit between Alodia and Grand Duke Evan. How could she try to stop it?

This was open intrigue. Even if Laura knew what Alodia was going to do, she couldn’t do anything about it. She wanted to see just how much Alodia could achieve. If, in the end, Alodia really could convince Grand Duke Evan, then she would be really disappointed.

However, Laura wasn’t too worried. After all, even if Grand Duke Evan were to stop protecting her after meeting with Alodia, there was still Zhao Hai. If Laura’s trust in Grand Duke Evan was ten, then her trust in Zhao Hai was a hundred.

Although Laura didn’t stop the meeting between Alodia and Grand Duke Evan, she still secretly observed Alodia. Since he dared to act so boldly, she was sure that Carlo had already approved it. However, since they would be moving around in the Purcell Duchy, which was Laura’s territory, Laura didn’t fear that they could so easily flip the skies and leave.

Grand Duke Evan didn’t let Laura down. After Alodia went to see him, he’d immediately sent someone to inform Laura that Alodia wanted to deal with her. This time, Alodia had entered his city. He told Alodia that if he were to move against Laura, then it would be tantamount to offending the Grand Duke.

The Grand Duke’s words were serious. Although the Markey Dell clan was very powerful, the Purcell clan itself wasn’t weak. The Markey Dell clan was a business clan while the Purcell clan had their own duchy. If Alodia really dared to move against Laura, it would be tantamount to offending Grand Duke Evan. A Grand Duke must have dignity, which meant that there was no way he would retract what he’d said. He would not be incoherent with his words. This was what it meant to be the ruler of a duchy.

Laura hadn’t thoug





ht that Evan would give her so much face. Since the Grand Duke had stated it already, even if Carlo were to really move against Laura, they would have to think twice before doing so.

Laura knew though that Alodia wouldn’t stop with this just after hitting the wall that was the Grand Duke. They should still have other ideas. With this, she feared that they would start moving against Zhao Hai.

With this thought, Laura couldn’t sit idly by and immediately ordered people to prepare her carriage. Simultaneously, Quinn John had gone to the Grand Duke’s Mansion to express their gratitude. She didn’t go herself to the Grand Duke’s Mansion to personally thank the Grand Duke, but sent Quinn John instead. After these arrangements, Laura led Nier and they went to Stony Mountain.

This time, Laura went to Stony Mountains without sending a letter first. She had wanted to do so since she knew Zhao Hai didn’t want to be disturb and had too many secrets. However, Alodia might get there before her and act impudently. She feared Zhao Hai wouldn’t be polite and would deal with Alodia.

While Laura didn’t like Alodia, she didn’t want Zhao Hai to move against him. After all, Alodia represented Carlo. If Zhao Hai offended him then it would be troublesome.

* * * * *

Once Laura went out of Casa City, Zhao Hai received the message. Although his attention was focused on the Carrion Swamp these days, he didn’t lower his surveillance of Casa City. Adding in Drunk’s team who had just came back, his manpower was quite sufficient. Thus, his surveillance of Casa City was a lot more strict.

Zhao Hai and Green were in the space. After Zhao Hai recieved the message that Laura was coming, he immediately told Green. Green frowned and said, “I don’t know what’s happened this time that would make Miss Laura visit. Our forces in Casa City is currently too small. If something really happened in Casa City, we won’t be able to get a timely report, which is somewhat unfavorable for us. ”

Zhao Hai nodded. “We don’t have any way to cope with this matter at the meantime since we don’t have any available manpower. If we let the Night Shades stay in Casa City for a long period of time, it wouldn’t be good. After all, they are undead. If they were to be found out1, then it will be troublesome.”

Green nodded his head while frowning, then said, “With our present state, we still haven’t established our own forces. If we are to be found, it will be a problem. Right now, this manpower issue is a really big issue.”

Zhao Hai also wrinkled his brow. The faster they developed, the more the manpower they had would end up as insufficient. Slaves couldn’t be considered. After all, they were slaves. If they were to be tasked to be stationed in Casa City, then they would just be arrested for being a fugitive slave. On the other hand, undead were undead and if they were to be found, then it would cause its own troubles too.

Most importantly, the Night Shades were now zombies. With their original appearance, they looked no different from others. If they stayed too long in Casa City, however, then it may cause their forces to be found out. At that time, it would really cause a lot of trouble.

Zhao Hai had already placed the Night Shades at their former location. Still, he was afraid that powerful opponents might be able to find them. Zhao Hai didn’t want such forces to see his Night Shades. If they were light magicians like Garan, then it would definitely lead to a conflict. Zhao Hai didn’t want such a conflict to occur.

Green saw Zhao Hai frowning and thought that he was worried about the issue of manpower. Green said, “Master, hear me out. After we meet with Miss Laura, we should give her an Eagle Virtuous Phantasm and ask her to send news every few days by using the eagle. With that, we will not only know the situation there, but will also be able to strengthen our ties with Miss Laura. What do you think?”

Zhao Hai nodded after thinking about it. “This approach is excellent, especially now that we have more than a thousand Eagle Virtuous Phantasms in the Space. Sending a few to Laura will not only strengthen ties, but also serve as a guarantee for Miss Laura’s security”

Green lightly laughed. “Master is really concerned about Miss Laura. Ah, Sir, I think it is better to ask Miss Laura about she thoughts. If she really has regards for Master, then won’t it be good to settle down with Miss Laura? What do you think?”

Zhao Hai hadn’t thought that even Green would mention this issue. Dumbfounded, he said, “Grandpa Green, we haven’t even reached an agreement yet. For now, don’t worry about it since we don’t know what Miss Laura thinks of it. If I really did say something brashly, and Miss Laura has no such intentions, then our meetings in the future will be full of awkwardness.”

Green deliberated about it and didn’t say anything. In his mind, he would just let it go for now. But if the opportunity arises, he would certainly raise the issue.

Zhao Hai saw Green’s facial expression and knew what he was thinking. He smiled wryly and also kept quiet. He knew that saying more would just add insult to the injury.

After a little while, Laura arrived. Zhao Hai and Green went out of the Space along with Meirin and Meg. This was because Laura had already seen the four of them. If someone were to be missing, then Laura might get suspicious.

After inviting Laura to the parlor room to sit, Zhao Hai looked perplexedly at Laura and said, ”Miss Laura, what is the matter this time around? Have any incidents sprung up in Casa City?”

Laura quickly smiled and said, “No, there’s no incident in Casa City. However, I am visiting this time around to tell you about my issue.”

Zhao Hai looked at Laura, mystified. “For your issues? Miss Laura, what happened?”

Laura smiled wryly as she voiced all her speculations with regards to Alodia. She then said, “Mister, this time, Alodia might disturb you. I came here to notify Mister of such a matter.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Miss Laura, please tell Alodia to go back. I don’t like meeting people and I will not like being bothered by him. I will not meet with him even if he dies and gives me a piece of his heart2.”

After hearing Zhao Hai, Laura was happy, though she still smiled wryly. “I’m afraid I won’t be able to stop him. The truth is, my Fifth Uncle, although he seems very amiable as a person, my Father says otherwise. From birth to maturity, he was someone who, if he wanted something, he will obtain it. If he can’t obtain it, then he will destroy it so as to not let others take it. This time, he has sent people and I’m afraid it won’t be easy to deal with them. That’s why I came to tell Mister about it.”

Zhao Hai frowned and said, “If they know the difference between good and bad, then do not blame me for being impolite.”

Laura feared such a result, so she quickly said, “This time, Laura wanted to tell Mister that I am currently much stronger that Fifth Uncle. However, Mister, Alodia will definitely bother you, so I was hoping that Mister will just ignore him. It is best not to have any conflict with him. I hope that Mister would give me face.”





* * *



www.asianovel.com





Chapter 177




Chapter 177

Chapter 177 - Going Around in Circles

Machine Translator: Shif

Editors: Argos Yesu





Zhao Hai looked at Laura and nodded. “Miss Laura, please be relieved. As long as they don’t do anything excessive, I won’t be unkind to them. You should know that I’m not the type of person that likes to stir up trouble.”

Laura didn’t relax even after hearing Zhao Hai’s words. It wasn’t that she didn’t trust Zhao Hai, but rather, it was her own clan that she had no confidence in.

She knew that her uncles, as well as her grandfather, would do anything to get what they wanted. If they couldn’t get it, then they’d rather destroy it. Everything was based off their personal interests and, in their eyes, everything was a commodity.

Laura also knew that Zhao Hai was a person who didn’t like to suffer at the hands of others. Since she’d seen what he had done to Garan, she knew that if someone really dared to go against him, then he wouldn’t be polite. Towards her Fifth Uncle, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to hand over his products, so she couldn’t easily believe in what he had said.

Zhao Hai just looked at Laura. He himself wasn’t too concerned about this situation. So long as it wasn’t a Rank Nine deity that came, then he wouldn’t be afraid of anything. He turned to Green and said, “Give the gift that I prepared to Miss Laura.”

Green immediately complied and turned around. Laura couldn’t help but smile and said, “Mister has a gift prepared for me? I’m embarrassed that Mister will be giving me a gift when I haven’t brought one. How can it be good to receive Mister’s gift?”

Zhao Hai smiled. “In fact, this gift will also benefit me. Miss Laura, I have come here to Casa City, but don’t know much about its situation. With my identity, I wouldn’t be able to stay long inside Casa City since I fear that I’m not that popular. Because of that, I wanted to ask for one thing of Miss Laura.”

Laura quickly replied, “Mister is too polite. Please, don’t hesitate to command me.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I don’t dare order you, but there really is one thing that I will request of Miss Laura. The Young Lady knows that I am a businessman, and a businessman squatting on a mountain everyday won’t always be good. With regards to any situations in Casa City, I won’t have any idea of them and also won’t know anything. This time, I am requesting Miss Laura to help me by informing me the situation in Casa City.”

Laura felt relieved after hearing Zhao Hai. She thought that it would be some other matter. Anyway, such a request was too simple for her as she had her own intelligence network. For her, naturally, intelligence gathering was easy. Now that there was an ally like Zhao Hai, intelligence sharing between them was normal. Laura was glad to see such a situation as she felt that Zhao Hai trusted her enough, and that their relationship even closer.

These thoughts made Laura smile. “That is no problem at all, so Mister shouldn’t be too polite. Mister, please rest assured that every seven days, I will send news regarding the situation in the city.”

Just then, Green came back from the outside. Following behind him were five handsome eagles. These eagles had a height of over a meter1. They came in from the outside in a bold and imposing manner.

Zhao Hai smiled to Laura and said, “Then I thank Miss Laura. And also, these few Eagle Virtuous Phantasms are my gift to you. These were the Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs that you had given me, so gifting this to you would just be returning something back to its rightful owner.”

Laura wa





s surprised for a moment as she knew that hatching a Virtuous Phantasm colored egg wouldn’t be easy. Hatching it required the use of proper temperature. Furthermore, it was also important to note that a person would need to continuously provide magic or battle qi to the eggs. Finally, after hatching, they must be given a drop of blood in order for them to recognize their master, otherwise these Virtuous Phantasms wouldn’t listen to anyone.

Right now, Zhao Hai was giving her all five eagles? Even getting one would be enough; taking more would be too much.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and understood what she was thinking. During the past few days, however, Green had told him about the matters concerning these Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, so he explained, “Miss Laura, please be assured that although they do look like normal Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, they are different. Firstly, they do not rely on their masters to provide magic for their growth. Secondly, they aren’t hard to feed, so you can just let them eat what normal eagles eat. Lastly, they don’t have a master yet. After leaving one of them to be a messenger, you can keep the others for yourself.” He then turned around, looked at the eagles, and said, “Later on, she will be your master. You all must abide and listen to her.”

These Virtuous Phantasms weren’t stupid. After the improvements done by the Space, Zhao Hai found out that they could understand him, and that they were smarter than the average seven or eight-year-old child.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai. She had already seen Virtuous Phantasms before, and her impression of Virtuous Phantasms was that they couldn’t grow further. However, these few Eagle Virtuous Phantasms near Zhao Hai were unexpectedly quite vigorous and handsome and had almost caught up in size to a normal magic beast. Furthermore, Zhao Hai could speak to these Eagle Virtuous Phantasms? This, can you really do this?

However, Laura was more surprised by what she saw happened afterward. These Eagle Virtuous Phantasms really did seem to understood Zhao Hai, because after he directed them, they slowly walked towards Laura and acted as though they were guarding Laura and Nier as they stood there.

Zhao Hai smiled at Laura. “Miss Laura, please rest assured that from here on, you will be their master.”

Laura recovered and, with shining eyes, looked at the eagles. These eagles really did look better than wind falcons2 and were even unusually superior. Furthermore, they were Virtuous Phantasms, thus they were a lot more useful3.

Zhao Hai politely asked for Laura to stay for a meal, which she gladly accepted.

* * * * *

When Laura left Stony Mountain, the eagles immediately flew up and kept pace over Laura’s carriage along the way.

Laura stood outside the carriage and looked at the eagles. She couldn’t help but be amused by the sight. However, she’d also thought of something else, thus she turned to Nier and asked, “Nier, have you heard of such obedient, good looking Virtuous Phantasms before?”

Nier was an animal enthusiast, and liked to keep and read books about animals. With regards to this matter, she really had the right to speak up.

Nier shook her head and said, “No, Young Lady. I have read many books about Virtuous Phantasms, but they aren’t generally large. Furthermore, they aren’t that obedient. These Virtuous Phantasms of Mister’s really look more like magic beasts than Virtuous Phantasms. Thus, I don’t know if they are truly Virtuous Phantasms.”

Laura nodded. “This is very strange. If it is really as what Mister said, then these are the Virtuous Phantasms that came from those Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs I had given him. This shouldn’t be right.”

Laura initially bought the Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs and knew that they were Virtuous Phantasms that could fly. She’d seen the spawning of the eggs of these Virtuous Phantasms, and those several Virtuous Phantasm eggs couldn’t be found in the wild, but could only be bought from a specialized farming factory. She had specifically seen the process from which the few Virtuous Phantasms spawned their eggs.

Although those were also flying Virtuous Phantasms, their builds weren’t large as they were just almost as big as a normal falcon. They also didn’t look so vigorous and obedient. However, these eagles from Zhao Hai were actually so different.

Laura was really puzzled as to how Zhao Hai could make ordinary things become so amazing. This was something Laura was most curious about.

* * * * *

After Laura left Stony Mountain, Zhao Hai and Green didn’t rush back inside the Space. Instead, they called Meirin and the others into the parlor room and sat down. Zhao Hai asked Green, “Grandpa Green, after hearing the situation from Laura, what do you think we should do?”

Green thought for a while then said, “I think we should be very careful. I’ve heard that the Markey Dell clan members are vicious and greedy. If we are targeted by them this time around, I fear that this will become really troublesome.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “This really is troublesome. As far as I can see, Miss Laura feared that his matter would cause a stain in our relationship. However, I think that with this situation, we should teach them a lesson.”

Green frowned and said, “I’m afraid that this isn’t as simple as you think it is. A Markey Dell clan member is notoriously ruthless. If they suffer a loss here, then I fear they wouldn’t just let it go.”

Zhao Hai also frowned. “What can we do now then? We had just established ourselves here in Stony Mountain. If they come here to disturb us, then this will be very annoying.”

Meirin smiled. “As I see it, this wouldn’t be like that. Previously, we had helped the Purcell clan. If they really dare move against us, then I fear that the Purcell clan wouldn't let them off.”

Zhao Hai continued to frown4. “I hope so, but I don’t like to owe a favor to the Purcell clan. It would be good if we can solve this matter while also giving face to Miss Laura. So long as they don’t do anything excessive, even if they really do dare to move against us, I wouldn’t mind it at all.”

Green nodded and said, “I do hope this will be the case. With our identity, they would think twice before making any rash moves. Otherwise, I fear that this hatred will cause enmity between us.”

Zhao Hai snorted. “Now that we have this hostility, we won’t need to cooperate with them. Those guys from the Markey Dell clan really aren’t the friendly kind.”

“Fortunately, we have adequate manpower to cope up with such a scene,” Green said, nodding. “If a Rank Nine doesn’t come, we should be able to deal with everything. Master, we should go back to the Space and continue to observe, as I don’t know what the eagles have seen.”

Zhao Hai nodded and they went back inside the Space. The Space was now level 15, but there had been no upgrade to the ranch, which made Zhao Hai feel a little sad.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help it. Drunk would have had a hard time catching the magic beasts in the Carrion Swamp. Even if they tried it, it wouldn’t be easy to feed them. That’s why they didn’t catch any magic beasts and instead focused on collecting plants in order to make the Space level up to 15.

The eagles had been flying over the swamp for several days now, but their speed wasn’t fast. Zhao Hai was surprised to see that the eagles had flown over some places that Buffy hadn’t drawn on the map. It seems like they had started circling around in the swamp.

With regards to this situation, Zhao Hai didn’t know what problems the Carrion Swamp had. Why was it that both humans and magic beasts5 went around in circles when they were inside the Carrion Swamp?





* * *




Chapter 178

Chapter 178 – Marriage?

After Zhao Hai arrived inside the Space, he looked at the screen and saw that something was off. The screen didn’t show the original seven color smog, but instead a chaotic battle.

Green  dots can be seen everywhere in the screen. These dots were in the shape of swallow-like birds with small bodies that madly attacked the eagles.

Zhao Hai actually felt that outside, unexpectedly, the majestic eagles were too powerless to even fight back. These eagles went left, then suddenly rushed to the right, seemingly wishing to escape the encirclement of those birds.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation on the screen and was somewhat in a daze. This was beyond their understanding as the bodies of those birds and the eagles had too much of a difference. Yet, how come the eagles couldn’t seem to counter and even seemed like they were out of energy?

Zhao Hai soon went to look out of the Space and at the eagles. Although they were powerful, their opponent birds were very flexible as they maneuvered through the air quickly and with ease. However, because the eagles had larger bodies, they weren’t as swift and agile as those birds. Due to this, the small birds were able to capitalize on their advantages and pressed hard against the eagles. This made it a struggle for the eagles to cope with them.

Zhao Hai really hadn’t thought that the eagles would be suppressed just like that. He waved his hand to let the rest of the eagles leave the Space. With a thousand eagles flying around in the scene, they should be able to deal with the situation.

Sure enough, after the mass of large eagles appeared, the small birds panicked and immediately tried to escape. However, the eagles wouldn’t let them get away and, in the end, they caught a lot of those small birds.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel relieved after seeing the situation. Green also exhaled after watching the fierce battle. Even though they hadn’t been involved, they still felt tragic over the situation and were nervous.

With Zhao Hai’s intent, he moved the eagles from the outside back inside the Space and, along with a few others, they went over to the ranch. Upon arriving, a beep came from the ranch and sounded:

[Discovered new animal.



New animal biological variation: Swallow class.

Animal rating of level 3.

Digitizing animals.

Animals can now be bought from the Spatial Shop.]

Zhao Hai didn’t care since there weren’t any upgrades for the ranch. Moreover, even if there were more of these swallow class animals, there wouldn’t be much use for them.

He hurriedly began to check over the few eagles that had been attacked. Since these eagles were already matured, they weren’t allowed to stay inside the ranch because they weren’t able to grow any further. Still, Zhao Hai was allowed to take them out and examine them for that short period.

After carefully observing the eagles, Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment. Their injuries hadn’t been light, and there was even one that had been pecked in the eye and blinded.

Seeing this situation, Zhao Hai and Green couldn’t help but feel a bit scared. They hadn’t expected that those small birds could even peck at the eyes of the eagles.

Zhao Hai placed a few of the withdrawn eagles back inside the warehouse. Then he ordered five other eagles to fly forward and explore once more while carrying the Ghost Cane. They all then returned to the living room of the Spatial Villa.

Everyone sat down upon entering the living room. Zhao Hai turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, it seems like the Carrion Swamp cannot be underestimated. Even those birds had unexpectedly given a lot of trouble to the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. It seems that we can’t let anyone el





se leave the Space.”

Green nodded his head and said, ”It seems that we have really underestimated the swamp. Buffy also told us before that he’d encountered several attacks, though he didn’t say anything else about them. Since he was a Rank Nine expert, he didn’t care much about those attacks. However, that was because of his strength as a Rank Nine expert. On the other hand, we cannot take these issues lightly.”

Zhao Hai nodded his head. He looked at the seven-colored smog that constantly fluctuated on the screen and said, “The map that Buffy completed has now become irrelevant. We don’t know how far Flower City is, and can only blame this strange smog. The Carrion Swamp is really mysterious.”

Green nodded, sighed, and said, “There’s not much information about the Carrion Swamp here on the continent, so even if we wanted to know more, we can’t. However, I think there might be some ancient items that past magicians had left inside the Carrion Swamp. Not to mention, even for how long that city existed after so many years, I have never heard anyone say that there was a city in the Carrion Swamp.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “It seems like there should be a lot of stories about this Flower City. The Carrion Swamp had existed for so many years, yet no one knew where the city was. That in itself explains the current problem. ”

Green sighed once more and said, “It just means that no one knows much about the situation here in the Carrion Swamp. This is because the swamp has been known to be dangerous for so long, such that not even a Rank Nine expert dares to enter randomly.

“I heard that a long time ago, the Carrion Swamp was a paradise for adventurers. A lot of them came here to hunt magic items for money, but probably, around a few thousand years ago, a major catastrophe befell the continent. I heard that it was hell back then. The sudden appearances of hellish demons sprung from the ground, killing major ethnic groups and became the continent’s biggest disaster. A lot of literature was either lost or destroyed during that time. Since then, the Carrion Swamp has become a lot more dangerous. Up to now, nobody dares to go venture into the Carrion Swamp.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Anyway, we still have to go to Flower City. We must know more about that Flower City, especially since we don’t have anything important to do right now. We might as well solve this threat of the Carrion Swamp.”

Green nodded his head. He looked at the situation on the screen, then turned back to Zhao Hai. “Master, I don’t think we should be flying around randomly. I think the reason why there was no information regarding the Flower City was due, first, to the destruction of literature back then.

“Secondly, perhaps nobody had really discovered the city. Buffy might have just been lucky enough to run into the city. Thus, we should just follow his map, even if it will make the trip a bit longer before we can reach Flower City. Otherwise, I really don’t know how long it will take for us to find the city.”

Zhao Hai nodded his head. He looked at the screen and ordered the eagles, instructing them not to fly straight, but instead to fly across and find the terrain shown on the map. Afterwards, they were to follow the directions on the map.

Zhao Hai also found out about another feature of the screen, it now looked like what a screen looked like in the game, as it showed a map that was darkened if the eagles hadn’t yet flown over that area. If it was already explored by the eagles, then it would show the terrain on the screen and even show the magic beasts in the area. Also, the terrain displayed on the screen didn’t require one to prompt a message, but rather, it remained in the corner of the screen. Aside from observing the Carrion Swamp daily, Zhao Hai also intended to draw a full map of the land of the entire Carrion Swamp.

Truth be told, staring in the screen was absolutely boring. Zhao Hai, however, feared that the eagles might be attacked. Thus, they remained and stayed in the Space while chatting.

Green also liked to stay inside the Space as the air inside was very good. When one entered the Space from outside, they would feel refreshed, as though their spirits were being cleansed.

Staying in the Space for a long time wouldn’t only be good for the body of practitioners, but it also enabled Zhao Hai’s body to continue to feel better. He woke up well, and even after just waking up, he wouldn’t feel sleepy again. Back then, he used to breathe twice as heavily as a normal person, but now he had regained his normal physique.

It was the same for Meirin. She was already quite old, but still very busy daily. Thus, she always felt tired. Moreover, the elderly tended to have bad sleeping conditions, so when she’d woken Zhao Hai back then, her face didn’t look too well.

Nowadays, however, she had completely changed. Her face was more ruddy, and even if she were busy everyday, she didn’t look tired at all. Furthermore, it was quiet within the Space at night, so she could sleep well. Aside from that, her body really felt a lot better than before.

The Space was an attractive place as everyone who had stayed inside the Space tended to become somewhat accustomed to it. Even the slaves, if not for their own properties outside the Space, wouldn’t have liked to leave it.

* * * * *

Now that Laura had a predicament, Zhao Hai didn’t want any contact with her for the moment. As such, they could only stay inside the space. Anyway, there were no more meetings with Laura.

Suddenly, Zhao Hai heard a knocking at the door. Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment and switched the image on the screen to Fort Iron Mountain. Woodhead and Stonehead were there watching the slaves and had knocked on the door. It seemed like they had found something and needed to tell Zhao Hai about it.

Although this was described as a knocking sound, it wasn’t actually knocking, but instead it was them contacting Zhao Hai. After placing two transfer points, if a person outside of the Space had any matters they wanted to tell Zhao Hai, they could just knock on the ground and Zhao Hai could hear the sound from inside the Space. The sound made was just like that of someone knocking at the door. Since Zhao Hai had heard someone knocking, he knew that Woodhead was looking for him.

This was the only way to inform Zhao Hai. Woodhead and Stonehead stayed at Fort Iron Mountain, while the undead were placed in Stony Mountain. If an undead wanted to look for Zhao Hai, they could just directly contact him and didn’t need to knock on the transfer point.

Sure enough, after turning the screen, Zhao Hai saw Woodhead standing in the transfer point. The people around stood up, and, with Zhao Hai’s intent, him and the others appeared at Fort Iron Mountain.

Woodhead was standing there. When he saw everyone, he hurriedly rushed forward and said, “Master.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “What’s up? What’s the matter?”

Woodhead smiled. “Master, today is a good day. Today, two slaves suddenly came to me and said they wanted to marry. Since Master hadn’t said anything about this matter if it ever came up with the slaves, I decided to let you look into it.”

Zhao Hai paused for a moment, then, interested, said, “Oh, was there such a thing? This is good. Getting married is good. Hurry and lead the way.”

Green  immediately complied and led Zhao Hai outside the fort.





* * *




Chapter 179 – Award

Between the fort’s interlinked inner and outer gates stood two slaves, a man and a woman. The man looked to be around 23 to 24 years old, while the woman looked younger by a couple of years. They both looked normal with no distinguishing features on them.

The two saw Zhao Hai coming out and immediately knelt down to salute to Zhao Hai. They both said, “Master Wanan .”

Zhao Hai nodded, waved his hand, and said, “Stand up and speak.” Only then did the two stand up, albeit their bodies were still bent, their expressions cautious as they did so.

Although these slaves knew Zhao Hai was kind, they had previously undergone enslavement education. Thus, when they saw Zhao Hai, they couldn’t even try to be impolite. They stood up after Zhao Hai told them, which was already very good progress for them. If it were normal slaves, even if they were told by Zhao Hai, they wouldn’t dare to stand up.

Looking at the two, Zhao Hai didn’t bother to be polite as he asked, “Are you the ones who wish to get married?”

The two people lowered their heads and bent themselves further down, then the man said, “Yes Master. We both want to get married. We seek the help of Master.”

Zhao Hai nodded and asked, “What are your names?”

The male slave immediately answered, “Master, my name is Chee  and she is called Schee   .”

Zhao Hai nodded and looked at them. “Alright, very good. Since you took the initiative to ask me to help you get married, it’s fine then. I will help you today. Grandpa Green, please prepare a gift to be given to them today.”

Green complied immediately. Meirin smiled and said, “This calls for a celebration. Master, I’ll go tell the slaves to rest for the day.”

The two slaves actually both knelt down together as the man panicked and said, “Master, we little ones don’t deserve such treatment. Our lives are cheap and Master allowing us to get married is already a huge fortune. We wouldn’t dare ask for any more from Master.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It doesn’t matter. Since you are the slaves bought by Grandpa Green, and the first couple to be married, we should take this opportunity as well and make it as lively as possible. This isn’t just for the two of you.” The couple stood up afterwards.

Green led the couple away, leaving only Meg to stand beside Zhao Hai. Right now, Zhao Hai wasn’t missing anything, and his monthly income could feed a hundred people without a problem.

Zhao Hai didn’t help in the preparations and instead led Meg back to the fort’s living room and sat down. He had just told Green to give them whatever they needed, so if there was anything required for the preparations, Green could take care of them.

After they arrived in the living room, Meg poured a cup of tea for Zhao Hai and placed it on the table. Zhao Hai then told Meg, “Sit down, let’s talk about this wedding.”

Meg sat down, looked at Zhao Hai, and said, “Master, why did you do it in such a big way? Did you want the other slaves to see them?”

Zhao Hai nodded. He sighed and said, “Now that our Buda clan has selected these people, the slaves must be able to flourish, especially because they have been marked with the Buda clan’s brand which is impossible to remove. Since our conditions now is a lot better compared to before, the slaves acquiring the initiative to get married will be a good thing for us. The other slaves who are afraid to do so will slowly gain confidence, and this will be a good way to increase our population. Moreover, the lands I had improved is growing. At present though, it cannot be cultivated. I plan to give these lands to the slaves and





have them pay some rent. That way, they can cultivate the lands and prosper for themselves   .”

Meg was surprised for a moment. She looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Does this mean Master will restore the slave’s status back to civilians starting today? Furthermore, Master will also reward them with a piece of land that they will be renting?”

On the continent, farm renting was generally allowed only by civilians. Thus, if Zhao Hai said that these slaves could get land to rent, then Meg understood what Zhao Hai actually meant to do.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, ah, it will be a good start. We can then slowly develop and grow the Buda clan. The present situation is somewhat wrong, so I will slowly let the slaves recover their civilian status in order for them to own their own piece of land. Having their own income will be something for them to look forward to.”

Meg    grew up on the Ark Continent, and in their view Zhao Hai’s approach was akin to throwing out money. Everyone knew that a slave was the Lord’s clan property. If Zhao Hai restored their civilian status, then they couldn’t be regarded as Buda clan property anymore. This was just throwing out their own wealth.

However, what Zhao Hai said had some truth to it. Since the Buda clan would have such a joyous occasion, they would be able to inspire the enthusiasm of the slaves by a hundred percent and encourage them to work better to restore their status as civilians. They would be trained and then given a piece of land. Such opportunities were, no doubt, heaven for the slaves. Thus they would naturally strive hard to attain it.

Since Zhao Hai gave his all to succeed, then along with the help of the Space, the people of the Buda clan wouldn’t argue about what he said. Meg didn’t object either as she just nodded her head.

Zhao Hai turned around and looked out at the sky. He sighed and said, “Although at present our development is going well, there’s still a problem. If we let the world know who we are, then with our current strength, we will instantly lose. I just hope that one day, we can stand openly under the sun and tell the whole world that we are the Buda clan. Only then can we be considered to have really succeeded.”

Meg looked at Zhao Hai with teary eyes. “Don’t worry Master,” she said, “that day will surely come.”

Zhao Hai sighed and slowly close his eyes, sitting down on a chair to rest.

Meg’s heart was very upset since she knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t quite healthy. If not for the Space, she wouldn’t know what would have happened to Zhao Hai.

Since Zhao Hai had awoken, he’d been dragging his body around in order to create a better future for the Buda clan. This made him very busy, which made the people around him feel pained.

Zhao Hai was also really tired. Although he exercised a bit, his body really wasn’t healthy right now. Adding to the fact that he needed to tend to a lot of events, even if his body wasn’t tired, his mind would be. After sitting on the sofa, he soon fell asleep.

* * * * *

After an unknown amount of time, Zhao Hai heard someone calling him. He slowly opened his eyes, and saw someone that looked like Meg. Meg called out to him in a soft voice. Zhao Hai sat up and moved around a bit since he’d been leaning on the sofa for a long time. He moved his neck, then stood up and asked, “Are the preparations done?”

Meg nodded her head. “The tables are already arranged in the outer fort along with the food. Grandpa also prepared some ale. It seems like this will turn out to be really lively.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He then thought of something and turned to Meg. “Also, I remember that some time ago, we had prepared a lot of colored-paper. Are they still available?”

Although Meg didn’t know what Zhao Hai wanted to do with it, she still nodded her head and replied, “Yes, we still have those colored-paper we had bought earlier. If the slaves had any matters, it could be used to write announcements.”

“I will go to the study room,” Zhao Hai said, nodding. “Meanwhile, please prepare red colored-paper.” Meg immediately complied, even though she didn’t know what Zhao Hai wanted to do with them, and followed Zhao Hai to the study room.

Zhao Hai told Meg to cut the paper into a rectangular shape after arriving at the study room. He then personally inscribed congratulatory words onto the paper, along with the names of the couple and their date of marriage. With this, he had made this world’s first, simple, marriage certificate.

Meg had been observing what Zhao Hai was doing. Although she hadn’t understood it earlier, she had now somewhat gotten an idea after seeing the characters Zhao Hai had written. This made her feel a little strange.

This marriage certificate was very simple; just a piece of red paper with words written on it. Zhao Hai had only thought of this as a temporary thing, but he would have never thought that this would become a clan heirloom, and that this marriage certificate idea would slowly spread throughout the entire continent.

After making the marriage certificate, Zhao Hai and Meg went down the stairs and towards the square outside the fort. The square was a lot livelier now that the tables were placed. There were eight types of vegetable dishes on each of the square tables. Eight people could sit on each table and a barrel of ale was next to each of them.

This ale was a kind of relatively inexpensive ale on the continent. This was what civilians usually drank. Some time ago, Green had deliberately bought a little and was prepared to give the slaves some. In the end, it finally became handy now.

At this moment, the slaves sat at the tables as they waited for Zhao Hai and Green. Upon Zhao Hai’s arrival, the slaves immediately tried to salute to him, but he waved his hand to let them be at ease. Then he said, “Today is a wonderful day wherein Chee and Schee will be married. I would like to take this opportunity to let you all have this lively occasion.”

The slaves were glad for Chee and Schee, while the two of them were excited, albeit a little bit shy with red faces. Zhao Hai waved at the couple and said, “Chee, Schee, come here.” The couple immediately walked towards Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at the couple and smiled. “Very good. You are our Buda clan’s first couple in the Black Waste. With that, I will award you. Starting today, the two of you won’t be slaves anymore. Rather, you will both be civilians here in the Buda clan’s Black Waste. I will allow Grandma Meirin to gift you 7000 square meters    of farmable land outside the fort. That will be the area you can farm. Later, you will only have to give us a fourth of your annual harvest, while the rest will be yours   . Moreover, we will provide you with a room in the fort along with the necessities you will be needing. Later on, you can even have your own home.”

Zhao Hai’s words were breathtaking, aweing the slaves. They’d never thought that Zhao Hai would actually be this generous to Chee and Schee. He’d even give them a piece of land, so long as they pay the rent for it. For the slaves, this was very important.

Chee and Schee felt as though they were in a dream, and it took them a while to react. They quickly knelt down and bowed to show their gratitude to Zhao Hai.



* * *


Chapter 180 – Toast

Although Zhao Hai had shown some enthusiasm and had even given rewards to the couple today, the slaves were only a bit shocked about it and everything went back to normal. After all, this wasn’t the first time that Zhao Hai had shown this side of himself to them.

Zhao Hai helped the couple up, then took out the marriage certificate that he’d prepared. He gave it to the couple and said, “Today is your wedding day, and as the first couple to be wed in our Black Wastes, I have personally prepared this marriage certificate. Although this certificate won’t be recognized anywhere else but here in the Black Waste, so long as you have this certificate, you are a legally married couple. This is something on top of my congratulatory gift.”

This was the first time such a situation happened on the continent. No one had ever heard about it before, not even Green nevermind the slaves. Chee and Schee took the paper, albeit with some confusion.

Although they could identify the words, most of them weren’t legible to them. While there were some words that they didn’t know, they still looked stunned after receiving the sheet of paper.

Zhao Hai smiled, then looked back to the crowd. “The laws of our Black Waste will be different from those of other places. This piece of paper, although modest, represents that you are legally husband and wife. If there comes a time when the husband bullies the wife, the wife can come to me and I will help her deal with it. If there will also come a time when the husband leaves the wife, you may bring this piece of paper to me, and I will judge him for his crime. This goes the same against the wife as well.

“Since Chee and Schee are the first wedded couple here in our Black Waste, I wasn’t able to prepare much. As such, this piece of paper will be their marriage certificate. Please lead them here. Head Steward Green of the Black Waste will be the witness of the union between Chee and Schee. Please, Head Steward Green; read the marriage certificate.”

This kind of a wedding ritual was what the former Zhao Hai from Earth usually attended. Weddings on the continent were quite different. On the continent, slaves didn’t hold any wedding ceremonies. As long as two slaves were together, and they informed and got the approval from their steward, then they could be together.

The wedding between civilians would be a bit different. First, there would be a matchmaker who would introduce the man and woman. Then, they would meet each other, before the man offers gifts to the bride’s family as a bride price. The woman’s side would then send a dowry. Lastly would be the wedding. On the wedding day, the relatives and friends would come to congratulate them. Women held a high status on the continent. Thus, on their wedding day, out of respect for the couple, there would be a wine ceremony.

The wedding ceremonies between the aristocrats and the royal clan would be a lot more grandiose, along with a great deal more customs. This kind of wedding was what Zhao Hai liked, but had never experienced.

This was also the first time Green had seen this kind of thing, but he had also watched the big events from before, which were magnificent. As such, he took the marriage certificate from Chee’s hand and loudly said, “Today, civilians of the Aksu Empire join these two happy people who have fallen in love with one another, and watch as they are married and become husband and wife. This special citation is issued by the Lord of the Black Waste, the Aksu Empire’s Zhao Hai Buda. ”

Having this paper wasn’t too much of a big deal, but it allowed for the meaning to be expressed clearly. On the Ark Continent, there weren’t any marriage laws, so Zhao Hai hadn’t written anything conforming to the law or any words associated with it. He just wrote that they’d fallen in love and were married; such a case.

Most importantly, this piece of paper had been written in the words of civilians. In a sense, this makes the piece of paper a proof of identity for the slaves, proving that they were now civilians.

After Green finished reading, he handed the marriage certificate back to Chee and Schee. Chee excitedly took the piece of paper, and, as though the paper felt heavy, carefully handed it to Schee. Schee also carefully picked up the piece of paper and folded it carefully, placing it onto her arms.

Zhao Hai looked at how the couple acted and didn’t said anything about it. He smiled, then said, “Well, this ceremony has now ended. Chee, Schee, starting today, the two of you are now officially husband and wife. Don’t be in a hurry to toast with me. Instead, don’t forget to have a toast with your wedding witness, Grandpa Green.”

Chee and Schee were excited as they complied. Meirin smiled, then picked up two cups of wine that were then taken by Chee and Schee. The couple knelt down together and lifted the glass in front of Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai stared blankly at them. He tried to help them up while saying, “What is this? Get up.”

Chee and Schee didn’t stand but continued to kneel on the ground, sobbing loudly. “Master, you are too good. Although Master has restored our civilian status, in our hearts and mind, we will forever be Master’s slave. Master, please drink along with us with these two cups of wine.”

Zhao Hai looked at the couple and felt excited deep down in his heart. He stood up straight and said, “Good, good. I’ll drink these two cups of wine since this is a wedding banquet. Ha ha. People say weddings are not intoxicating. However, today, I will drink two cups ” He then drank a cup, then raised the other cup.

Woodhead, who stood at the side, also applauded and appeared to be very lively . Zhao Hai placed the cups down and looked at the two. “From now on, the two of you should love each other. No matter what difficulties you have, you can come and tell me.”

The couple complied as Meg helped them by pouring some more wine. Next was Green. Green said a few auspicious words, then they turned to make a toast with Meirin.

At this time, it could be considered to be really lively. The slaves had eaten meals a few times before with Zhao Hai. At dinnertime, they were relaxed since during that time around, there were many meat dishes which was also their opportunity to eat a little more.

The banquet this time around wasn’t the same as it was in other places. They had a lot of vegetables dishes and could also eat a lot without limit. This made the slaves very happy.

Although these slaves hadn’t gotten their statuses restored to civilians, they were satisfied with their current lives. They ate everyday, weren’t too tired, and occasionally ate tons of meat. They’d even gotten the chance to drink wine like today, which in the past was unthinkable.

Seeing how Chee and Schee, after getting married, were restored their civilian status, and moreover they’d been given it just like that, these slaves had also thought about how to seize the opportunity and do the same thing.

This was naive, but quite lively. However, Zhao Hai didn’t drink any more of the wine and, followed by Green, returned to the Space. This was just in case the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms were being attacked. 

After they sat down in the Space, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile lightly. “Today, we had a very good start. I fear that there will be a lot of marriages soon, so Grandpa Green, you should go to Casa City in a few days and order a batch of a higher quality paper for marriage certificates so that we can use them later on.”

Green smiled and said, “Alright. I have to say, Master is really good at this. By the way, I think I won’t have to go to Casa City. I’ll just let the eagle messenger go to Miss Laura after several days. Then we can request our needs to Miss Laura. As long as we don’t have them know about our territory, it should be good. How do you see this Master?“

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll do that this time. Also, although we’ve given Chee and Schee a piece of land, we should explain some things to them. For example, they should tell us what they want to plant. They we will have to keep a count of it. Once they obtain their harvest, we can even sell it for them. If they want to buy something, we can even buy it for them. Such are the current conditions.”

“This is very good,” Green said, smiling. “That the slaves can now have their own homes is a very good idea. Since Master is giving them a good place, they will work harder. However, if later all the slaves have restored their statuses to civilians, what should we do then?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It is actually very simple. They will still need farming tools, seeds, and even scaled wildebeests. These are things that they don’t have, so we can just rent it to them. If they want to use these things, they can help us by planting in an area. Or if they have the item themselves, we can still hire them to do work for us through farming, and we’ll pay them. Of course, the price wouldn’t be too high, but for them, that in itself is extra money. Thus, they will naturally agree.”   

Green nodded his head and said, “That’s good. It seems like we will need to buy more slaves. However, we can’t just buy any good slaves in Casa City. Instead, we should buy them from the Imperial Capital. On the outskirts of the Imperial Capital is where the continent’s largest slave market is, so we can certainly buy an appropriate kind of slaves   .”

Zhao Hai frowned and said, “Is it alright with our present status? If we went to the Imperial Capital, won’t we be recognized there?”

Green nodded his head. “This wouldn’t be a problem in Casa City since there’s no one here that knows us, but there’s a lot of people who knew us in the Imperial Capital. So be it, let’s go somewhere else to buy slaves. Master, I heard that the beastfolk sell a lot of slave. Do you think we can go and visit the beastfolk?”

Meirin added, “I think this approach is good. There are a lot of slaves in the Beastfolk Prairies, and we can also establish a good relationship with the beastfolk. The beastfolk raise all kinds of magic beasts, but they lack food supplies. If we can develop the Black Wastes later on, we will have a lot of food on our hands. Since, on the continent, there are already big firms that handle the food supply, it will be difficult to intervene. I think it would be best if we can trade with the beastfolk.”

Zhao Hai replied, “This issue of the food scarcity of the beastfolk, though we know of it, isn’t this the same for the big firms? Why aren’t they selling food to the beastfolk?”

Meirin smiled and said, “They do sell, but they sell it expensively. The empire had stipulated that if they want to buy food, the empire will impose heavy taxes. Even if the aristocrats wished to smuggle, they wouldn’t dare do so. That’s is why the food being sold to the beastfolk is very expensive. Anyway, since we have the Space, we can avoid this tax.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He understood that this was the way the Aksu Empire restrained the beastfolk. This was tantamount to sucking the blood of the beastfolk so that they would never grow up, thus ensuring the safety of the northern part of the empire.


* * *



Chapter 181 – Jealousy

Right now, Zhao Hai didn’t plan to handle this matter. He turned his head to look at Green and Meirin, saying, “Grandpa Green, Grandma Meirin, if we really do plan to cooperate with the beastfolk with regards to our food business, then I think we should let Laura come forward as well. If we act now, then sooner or later we’ll be exposing our weaknesses. To be honest, with regards to doing business we truly are inferior to the skills of Miss Laura.”

Green and Meirin looked at each other and the two of them saw a happy light in the other’s eyes. Meirin said, “I agree with Master’s point of view. For this matter, it is really better to allow Laura to act. But Master, if that is the case then I fear that we will be resigned to give up a large portion of our profits to Miss Laura.”

Zhao Hai hadn’t noticed the meaningful glance between the couple and instead replied, “There is no other way as we don’t have any personal connections with them. On the other hand, this might not be true for Laura; after all, she has been doing business within the Purcell Duchy for quite some time now. Saying that she doesn’t have any previous cooperations with the Beastfolk Empire  won’t be believable.”

“Miss Laura is beautiful, does Master intend to marry her and have her become the lady of the house?” Meg asked as she stared at Zhao Hai. Hearing him speak about Laura made her heart uncomfortable.

Zhao Hai gawked after hearing what Meg said. He turned to look at Meg who seemed grumpy at him. In Zhao Hai’s head, two characters suddenly appeared: jealousy .

Meg really looked like a girl that was in love, yet now her boyfriend was talking about another girl in front of her. This was what her expression conveyed.

Zhao Hai looked at Meg, embarrassed, while Meg’s small face was red all over as she lowered her head. Green and Meirin also looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and they couldn’t help but smile faintly.

Both of them were getting older and were refined people, so it wasn’t that they couldn’t see Meg’s thoughts. They were happy to see how Meg reacted, though if it happened before, they wouldn’t have agreed   . But now that Zhao Hai had become so competent, they naturally hoped that he would receive Meg.

There were no laws that specified that people had to be monogamous in this world. It was common to see a man with three wives and four concubines   . Even a woman, if you were powerful enough, could keep a few men around and nobody would say anything. Strength was everything.

Since the situation of the Buda clan right now was progressing smoothly, Zhao Hai could now be married and have children. That is, of course, after he cures himself from the effects of the Water of Nothingness, which could be solved when his Space reaches level 30   . In Green’s opinion, Zhao Hai shouldn’t be married to only one wife and have a child, but to have many wives and many children with them. More children was a sign that the Buda clan will flourish.

Zhao Hai looked at Meg’s charming appearance, which made his heart beat faster. He immediately turned his head. Since the issues they needed to handle now was far too much, this wouldn’t be the right time to talk about love.

Zhao Hai turned to Green and Meirin and said, “Once we’ve solved the issue of the Carrion Swamp, we should immediately go to the beastfolk and have a look around since we are really short on manpower.”

Green nodded. He turned his head and looked at the screen. The screen showed the seven-colored smog that continued to seethe. It almost looked as if this wasn’t even a part of the Ark Continent, but of some other space and time.

Zhao Hai enlarged t





he map at the corner of the screen and compared it to the map Buffy had drawn. At present, they hadn’t seen any terrain that was similar to what had been marked on the map, making them feel relieved   .

However, their hearts felt uneasy. The eagles had followed the map Buffy had drawn when they’d started flying, but they didn’t know how the eagles flew onto a different route. Furthermore, even if they deviated from the original track, it shouldn’t have been by too much. They had been flying for over half a day now and hadn’t seen any terrain similar to what was on the map. This meant that they’d deviated from the route by a great deal. If they had been allowed to fly along on their original route, then they wouldn’t know in what part of the year they would have arrive at Flower City.

Zhao smiled wryly and said, “I never thought that the Carrion Swamp would really be this big. We’ve really underestimated its size.”

Green frowned, his complexion becoming ugly. “It seems that this Carrion Swamp had been left behind by a powerful ancient magician. I heard that ancient magic was really mysterious. Some people could be kept circling around. There is something known as a maze   , and in my opinion there is a maze here in the Carrion Swamp. Buffy was really lucky last time as he’d even been able to get to Flower City. It seems like that is the center of the maze, and the maze itself protects it.”

Meirin nodded. “Although I do not know of that type of magic, I do have some knowledge. A lot of the magic used on the continent right now is based off remnants of magic from the ancient past and are definitely inferior to that mysterious ancient magic. The Carrion Swamp was certainly an important place from ancient times, otherwise such magic wouldn’t exist there.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Since that is the case, we really must go to Flower City. I feel a lot more curious now. As long as we can set up a foundation in Flower City, it will become our strongest fortress. No one will ever think of moving against us with that.”

Green, along with several of the others, nodded as they knew that the matter in their hands this time wouldn’t be easy. For so many years, the Carrion Swamp had been a mystery. If this mystery was easy to solve, then that wouldn’t be normal   .

* * * * *

It was already dark by the time Laura and Nier arrived at their home in Casa City. Laura sent someone to look for Quinn John immediately. Nier, on the other hand, settled down with those several Eagle Virtuous Phantasms.

Before long, Quinn John arrived in the study room. Quinn John gawked upon seeing Laura frowning. “Laura, what happened? What accident has occurred to Mister?” Quinn John asked.

Laura recovered after hearing Quinn John. She shook her head and said, “Mister hasn’t met with any accidents. I’m just worried about Alodia and them.”

After hearing Laura, Quinn John knew that she was worried about the Markey Dell clan. He had spent a longer time working for the clan than Laura had and also understood the young masters to a greater extent than she did. He knew Carlo, and was clear that this time, since he’d sent Alodia, they wouldn’t easily give up even if they failed this time around. For this matter, however, if Zhao Hai really gives them wool, then the consequences couldn’t even be said   .

Zhao Hai was not a friendly person, this fact was known by Quinn John. If Carlo really went too far, then he feared that they would suffer some losses.

If Carlo suffered losses at the hands of Zhao Hai, then don’t even think about the other young masters, the house’s master himself wouldn’t accept this result.

What person was the master? He was obstinate and overbearing. Whomever dared to offend him, he would return to them a hundredfold. If Zhao Hai really offended Carlo, then that would be a visibly smack in the face of the Markey Dell clan. By then, the master would definitely move to get rid of him.

If the master really moved, then even if the clan wasn’t able to extinguish Zhao Hai, Laura would still be affected. When the time came, their following days would be disastrous.

Laura hadn’t spoken as she watched Quinn John. She knew that he was also thinking of the issue she was currently worried about. Laura said, “Mister told me that as long as Alodia doesn’t move excessively, Mister will give me face and won’t care about them. However, if Alodia goes too far, then Mister wouldn’t be polite. With Mister’s strength, which you also know about, if they fight each other then Fifth Uncle will really suffer a loss. This matter will then become complicated.”

Quinn John nodded. “I’m also worried about this since you know the temperament of the young masters. If they like something, it is impossible to make them let it go. I’m afraid this thing will be a lot more troublesome than the matter some time ago.”

Laura frowned and said, “Yes, the clan members really are like that. Those people don’t even bother looking at what we did to get to where we are now. For them, we’re no threat. They’re people who never forgive—an annoying kind of people.”

Quinn John smiled bitterly as he didn’t know what to say. If they were to describe the Markey Dell clan members in a few words, then it would be greedy, arrogant, black hearted, and stingy. For people like them to have raised a child like Karen was unexpected. If Laura hadn’t been taught by Karen, then what she would have become by now would be really difficult to determine.

Just then, Nier came in from outside. Laura glanced at Nier who had just came in, then said to Quinn John, “Grandpa Quinn John, I have one more thing to tell you. Today, Mister has given us five Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, which came from those Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs we had given to him before. However, the ones he’d given back aren’t the same as the common ones. Do you want to go and take a look?”

Quinn John was surprised and said, “Alright, let me see them.” Quinn John knew that common Virtuous Phantasms lived together with their master and imprinted a symbol onto the body of their master. It then absorbed battle qi or magic power from its master in order to survive   . If they were not used in battles, then they were kept invisible. That’s why Quinn John thought that Laura had the Virtuous Phantasms along with her.

Laura smiled. “The Virtuous Phantasms aren’t here. I let Nier arrange a room in order to keep the Virtuous Phantasms. Nier, have you fed the Virtuous Phantasms already?”

Nier nodded and replied, “I already fed them, Young Lady. Those several Virtuous Phantasms really can eat. The meat that was usually given to a hundred wind falcons had been eaten by those five Virtuous Phantasms alone. It seems like raising them will require a larger expenditure.”

Quinn John was actually shocked after hearing what Nier told them and said, “Wait, Nier, did you just said that you fed those Virtuous Phantasms with regular meat? Did they actually eat them?”

Laura smiled and said, “Grandpa Quinn John, this is one of the characteristics of Mister’s Virtuous Phantasms. They don’t need to take in battle qi or magic power from a person, so long as you feed them the way you would feed a normal magic beast. Let’s go and check them out.” She stood up and walked out with Nier while Quinn John followed behind.





* * *



Chapter 182 – Karen Speaks of the Past

The three arrived at the room where they raised the Virtuous Phantasms. After the doors opened, Quinn John looked shocked. These Virtuous Phantasms were really impressive and handsome, something which he hadn’t seen before.

After looking at these five Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, Quinn John couldn’t believe what he saw. Only after some time did he turn to Laura and ask, “Young Lady, are these the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms you were talking about? The ones we had actually bought before?”

“Yes, these are those five Eagle Virtuous Phantasms that Mister gave. However, I haven’t made these eagles into armor, so I don’t know what kind they are ,” Laura replied with a smile.

Quinn John looked at the eagles one more time, then turned to Laura and said, “Young Lady, let’s go back. I have something to tell you.” Laura nodded and the three of them returned to the study.

They sat down upon arriving in the study room. Laura looked at Quinn John, who seemed sullen, and asked, “Grandpa Quinn John, what’s the matter?”

Quinn John looked serious as he nodded and said, “I have to say, this matter with Mister Zhao Hai, Young Lady, have you not thought about it? Everything that Mister Zhao Hai touches and has given us, they look very ordinary at first, but in fact they’re all extraordinary, right? ”

Laura was frozen for a moment, looking at the matter carefully. Her complexion changed as she answered, “Right, all of them.”

Quinn John nodded and said, “Yes, every one of them, no matter if it is the fire fish, corn, bamboo rice, fruit oil, blue-eyed rabbits, or today’s Virtuous Phantasms. These are all ordinary objects, but once they pass through Mister’s hands, in a blink of an eye they become extraordinary. Furthermore, Mister had told us before that he had an ancient magic tool in his possession. However, we were mistaken about this. We thought he only had one tool. Nobody would actually think that he had two, three, or possibly even more.”

Laura was surprised for a moment. She really hadn’t thought about this. Ancient magic tools would be difficult to check. After they knew Zhao Hai had one, they’d only thought he’d possessed the one ancient magic tool. They wouldn’t have actually thought that Zhao Hai might be in possession of two or three of them.

Quinn John looked at Laura and said, “Even if Mister doesn’t have numerous ancient magic tools, I think he is in possession of a few ancient books about alchemy and pharmacy. Due to the existence of these things, Mister can make ordinary things extraordinary.”

As Quinn John said this, Laura also thought that this was the only way of explaining things. Quinn John followed up, “Mister can make ordinary things extraordinary, less common to common. He may have formulae that allows accelerated plant growth and death through pharmaceuticals . Adding in his strength, along with that of his followers and undead, then although we haven’t seen any Rank Nine experts, Mister’s status and fighting strength can be considered to be not any worse than that of a large aristocrat. This kind of person, we cannot dare to offend.”

Laura nodded while saying, “I have never thought of offending Mister. What help has the Markey Dell clan given to us that can be compared to Mister’s? Why must we help that ruthless clan plan against our benefactor? Grandpa Quinn John, I understand what you mean; you want me to control Alodia, making them lose their opportunity to move against Mister, right?”

Quinn John nodded and said, “Yes, Young Lady. What we have today is all thanks to Mister. This matter of Alodia—if they fail, then it still won’t
be good for Mister. We won’t help them, but we shall certainly help Mister. Along with Grand Duke Evan, our combined strength isn’t bad and it should be enough to destabilize the Markey Dell clan. Don’t forget, Mister had also helped the Purcell clan during that crisis and Grand Duke Evan isn’t an ungrateful person. If we told Grand Duke Evan about the situation, he will definitely help us. Then we can convey things to Mister. Through this matter, we can set up our tripartite strength and nobody would dare to move against us. Young Lady, how do you see it?”

Laura stood from her seat and paced slowly. She understood what Quinn John meant. Quinn John wanted her to make a decision right now. If she helped Zhao Hai, then that would be tantamount to tearing the face of the Markey Dell clan into pieces. But in return, they would gain an invaluable ally in Zhao Hai, not to mention, they would continue to be on good terms with Grand Duke Evan. The most important of all was that they could finally get rid of their connection to the Markey Dell clan, removing her fear of being married off by the clan.

However, this matter wasn’t only related to her, but also to her father. If they directly confronted the Markey Dell clan, then her father would be in a very difficult situation.

Quinn John looked at Laura’s expression and knew what she was thinking of. He sighed and said, “Young Lady, are you thinking that your father’s situation will become awkward?”

Laura sighed. “Yes, no matter what, father is also the Markey Dell clan’s second young master. If we had a falling out with the clan, then father will be in a dilemma.”

After Laura spoke, a cold voice replied, “Don’t worry, I won’t be in a dilemma. After all these years, if not for you, then I would have already left the Markey Dell clan.”

Quinn John and Laura looked towards the entrance and saw Karen. Laura hastily replied, “Father, when did you arrive?”

Karen entered the room with a smile. Turning his head, he looked at Laura and said, “My silly daughter, why is it that you won’t tell your father about your problems? Your father has said that if you had a problem that you couldn’t solve, your father can help.”

Laura looked at Karen and felt that her father’s presence seemed different today. He gave off a majestic aura with an imposing manner.

Karen looked at Laura and sat down on the sofa. “Sit down. Today, I also have something to tell you.”

Laura sat, puzzled, while looking at Karen. Karen looked back at her and gave a forced smile. “Laura, you should already know that your grandmother passed away when I was still young, thus, I was raised by the Great Lady   .” Laura nodded as this was known throughout the Markey Dell clan. Karen’s birth mother was the Markey Dell clan’s Second Lady, who had passed away when Karen was still young. He was then raised by the Great Lady. But, the Great Lady’s real son was the Markey Dell clan’s eldest son, Cenwen.

Karen watched Laura, then continued, “The people outside the Markey Dell clan have said that your grandmother died due to an illness. However, that isn’t the case. Your grandmother was actually killed by your grandfather and the Great Lady.”

Laura’s face was full of shock as she stared at Karen. She really hadn’t thought that Karen would say such a thing. Karen continued to watch Laura as he said, “Your grandmother was her own clan’s successor. As she was just married into the Markey Dell clan, she was highly favored by all. Afterwards, she then gave birth to me. However, during the fifth year of their marriage, your grandfather made a mistake in management and owed a very large sum of money. To make matters worse, he had also offended several respected clans during that time, and those several respectable clans joined together to suppress the Markey Dell clan. At that time, it was a life and death situation for the Markey Dell clan, and the only one who could help was your grandmother’s clan.”

Laura silently listened and didn’t say anything. Karen seems to have been caught up with his memories and continued, “Your grandmother told your grandfather at the time that her clan would help the Markey Dell clan as far as they could. However, your Grandfather wanted more, he wanted all of their property. He sent assassins to kill my grandparents, then killed your grandmother. This, in turn, made the entirety of the properties she should have inherited pass along to your grandfather, to the Markey Dell clan.”

As he continued, Karen clenched his jaw, his eyes burning with anger. “Nobody knows that the five-year old me had known of these events back then. Your grandmother would tell me everyday about the situation of the Markey Dell clan. Like you, your grandmother was very good at running the business and was quite famous for her beauty back then. Although she had no steward of the Markey Dell clan, she knew a lot about their business. She told me back then that the Markey Dell clan had met a troublesome situation and that she wanted to help your grandfather. But I, in the end, saw your grandfather and the Great Lady give your grandmother a glass filled with poisoned liquor.”

Laura was shocked after hearing what Karen said. No one would have thought that there had been this kind of a situation. Even Quinn John, who’d been Laura’s mother’s servant   , hadn’t known of such a thing. While Quinn John was a servant of the Markey Dell clan for 20 years, Karen’s matter had happened way back when he was small, so of course he didn’t know of it.   

Karen continued. “They didn’t know that they were being watched by me. I hadn’t made a single sound during that time, giving my all to endure myself to not to cry. I remember that day firmly.”

After saying that, Karen stopped for a while and closed his eyes. He had probably recalled an unforgettable moment in his life. After some time, he continued, “Afterwards, I was placed under the Great Lady’s care by your grandfather. I knew that they had killed your grandmother and that the Great Lady had her share in it. However, I pretended not to know, living my life daily with the enemy. Later on, I heard that the Great Lady wanted me to have a look at the account book. If I was interested in doing business, then she would remove me as she didn’t want anyone to hinder your First Uncle. Since then, I didn’t look at any business books, nor did I study magic earnestly. Instead, I only researched magic everyday.”

Karen stopped talking for a while. He turned his head and looked at Laura. “Because of that, I could grow up safely. Everyone on the continent knows that I’m not that knowledgable and that I only wanted to learn strange things and was a waste of a person. I thought that I would be like this for a lifetime, but never thought that the heavens would feel sorry for me. The heavens delivered me in front of your mother. The me, who had been a waste, was love by her with all her heart and soul. That was my life’s dawn of light.

“Everyday now, I don’t want to open my eyes after your mother had passed away. She left us too early. If, at that time, it wasn’t for you, I would have already committed suicide. But I knew that if I died, that you would be finished as you’d only end up as their tool. Don’t even talk about business. I feared that you were going to be married off, therefore, I requested the clan to let me develop here in the Purcell Duchy. This is so that we could leave the clan. Laura, don’t hesitate when regarding me. Towards that clan, I feel no sentiment. If you can fight the Markey Dell clan then do it boldly. Get revenge for your grandmother.”





* * *

Chapter 183 – Grounded

Laura was about to say something when Karen waved his hand to stop her. ”I, your father, was very cautious throughout my life as I feared that your grandfather and the Great Lady might hurt me. That’s why I decided to not study that much. Even in the military arts, I made sure to show that I didn’t have potential. As such, it was impossible for me to get revenge for your grandmother.

“You, however, are different. You’ve shown extraordinary business talent, and adding in Uncle Quinn John’s guidance, you had the ability to back it up. Now, you’ve grabbed onto a great foothold here in the Purcell Duchy. Don’t forget that even before you met Mister Zhao Hai, we didn’t have any backing from the inner members of the clan, nor would the people of the Purcell Duchy have backed us up if we offended the Markey Dell clan.”

Karen’s eyes shined with rays of wisdom as he continued to explain to Laura, “The situation now is different. Mister Zhao Hai has the food commodities, so surely he can control the food prices here in the Purcell Duchy. The Purcell clan also owes him a debt, and Mister is a powerful magician. To sum all of this up, do you think the Purcell clan would have given us face just because you helped them? I don’t deny the existence of this reason, but it also might be due to our relationship with Mister Zhao Hai. These great nobles show kindness only if they can get benefits from it.”

Quinn John and Laura were both shocked as they stared at Karen. They never thought that Karen, who had only wholeheartedly conducted magic research, would be able to analyze their situation. And unexpectedly, one after another, they were all reasonable deductions.

Karen looked at their appearances and smiled. “Well, I’ve told you everything, so you can figure things out. Laura, this isn’t just an opportunity to befriend the Purcell clan and Mister Zhao Hai, but similarly, it is the best time to completely cut off our relationship with the Markey Dell clan.

“Although the Markey Dell clan is powerful, in the end they are still just a merchant clan. The methods they can use can only be attributed to their commercial aspects, while in other aspects they are very weak. Moreover, don’t forget that on the continent, it is not only the Markey Dell clan that calls itself a merchant clan. These past few years, the Markey Dell clan has offended several merchant clans due to the expansion of their businesses. If they are going to receive a big loss, then those people won’t let this chance slip by. If the Purcell clan is fat, then the Markey Dell clan is the bigger fat, isn’t it?”

Quinn John and Laura hadn’t thought of this point. They had both thought of the Markey Dell clan as a colossal power, one that wasn’t affable. They’d forgotten that a monster could only be fought with another monster. One wrong move from them will cause their deaths to become more miserable than those of shrimps .

Karen looked at the two, then continued, “One more thing. These past few days, although I’ve been researching, I have also been in contact with magicians, pharmacists, and alchemists I know. If they move, such a force wouldn’t be a small one. If you need my help for anything, so long as the matter isn’t about any aspect of the market, which I don’t understand much about, just look for me in the office .”

Karen stood up and patted Laura’s head, saying, “You don’t need to be worried about anything. Even if the Markey Dell clan is strong, so is my daughter. Now that we’ve left the nest and got into conflicts and disagreements with them, don’t be afraid and don’t worry; your father supports you.” He turned around and walked out, then cont





inued, “The magic I’ve been researching doesn’t feel right, I must go back and have a look.” He completely disappeared from the study room.

Laura looked at Karen’s back with teary eyes. Only when Karen had completely disappeared from her sight did she wipe her tears away. She turned to Quinn John and said, “Grandpa Quinn John, arrange a meeting between me and Alodia for tomorrow. I will give him my last warning. If he doesn’t give me face and still continues, then he shouldn’t blame me for being impolite.”

Quinn John nodded and replied with a gratified expression, “I had been thinking that the Second Young Master didn’t understand these matters, but it turns out that the Young Master has a very clear understanding. Ha-ha. No wonder, back then, when Young Master had asked to be placed in the Purcell Duchy, I thought that he’d just completely lost hope. I hadn’t thought that the young master was actually scheming something. Young Master’s move is very fierce, especially since the influence of the Markey Dell clan in the Purcell Duchy was the weakest. So long as we’re here each day, the Markey Dell clan will probably have no way of dealing with us. Oh yes, this is good.”

“Father isn’t stupid,” Laura replied with a smile. “It’s only that he hadn’t used his time to think about this matters. I looked into his research once, and after that I felt dizzy. Ha-ha.”

Karen’s transformation today made them both happy. They hadn’t thought of letting Karen help them, but with Karen’s attitude, they now would. Sometimes, a person’s attitude was a lot more important than their other aspects.

Quinn John showed a faint smile as he said, “I’ll arrange your meeting with Alodia tomorrow. Go and strike at him. If he doesn’t know the good from the bad, then don’t be polite and tidy him up well. Then you must go to Grand Duke Evan, wait for things to settle down with the Grand Duke, then personally go to Mister and clearly discuss this matter.”

Laura nodded. “Alright, I will start the arrangements. Grandpa Quinn John, do those people sound like they’re coming towards us? This is our mansion, so they shouldn’t make too much noise when they come. Our faces wouldn’t look good.”

Quinn John’s eyes brimmed with a cold light as he replied, “Rest assured, in our mansion, they can’t afford to stir up a storm for no reason. It seems that they’re coming with some news.”

The voices faded as a servant stopped before their door. Looking towards Laura and Quinn John, the servant said, “Young Lady, Steward, this small one has something to report.“

Quinn John nodded. “Come in.”

The servant bent his body while walking in and stood quietly in front of Quinn John.

Quinn John ordered, “Speak.”

The servant replied, “Steward Alodia has called for three people to enter his room. Although these three people looked to be part of his entourage, from my point of view their movements and mannerisms aren’t that of ordinary people. They seem to place an emphasis on watching how they look   .”

Quinn John nodded. “Anything else?” The servant shook his head and Quinn John beckoned away with his hand, allowing the servant to draw back.

Laura turned her head to look at Quinn John and asked, “Did they investigate the status of those three people thoroughly?”

Quinn John shook his head and said, “They didn’t as those three were new faces. Evidently, they were characters that already had blank backgrounds. The fluctuations of their battle qi also isn’t obvious. Seemingly, Young Master Carlo has recruited new men.”

Laura nodded. “First, let’s make them seem optimistic. From now on, if Alodia brings in more people, we cannot let them leave our mansion. Grandpa Quinn John, look into those people who had come into contact with them. So long as they had contact, no matter who it is, they’re suspicious.”

Quinn John nodded, stood up, and went to arrange those matters. Laura walked to the door of the study and looked up at the already darkened sky while muttering, “Since father doesn’t have any issues, then we must give them a good play.”

* * * * *

The next morning, after breakfast, Laura arrived in the study. Quinn John had led Alodia as they too entered the study. Alodia immediately gave a salute to Laura, showing his etiquette in such a normal situation.

Laura nodded while her eyes still looked at the files on the table and said to Alodia, “Oh, Steward, today I was looking for you and wanted to tell you something. Just recently, the Purcell clan had survived through a food crisis, and much of the populace is still on guard. Because of that, the streets aren’t as peaceful as they once were, so I hope Steward Alodia wouldn’t allow those who came with you to move around. This is the Purcell Duchy, which isn’t comparable to other places and is near the Beastfolk Prairie. The social practices are different here. If an accident were to really happen, then I wouldn’t be able to easily confess it to Fifth Uncle.”

Respectfully complying, Alodia drew back. Quinn John remained and watched Alodia as he left, then told Laura, “Young Lady, it seems like your warning wasn’t effective.”

Alodia’s expression was obviously perfunctory. In his heart, it was impossible to do what Laura told him.

Laura coldly snorted. “In the past, we didn’t even rely on the Markey Dell clan. Hmph. Grandpa Quinn John, convey my message to everyone; don’t permit any of them to leave the compound. If they dare to insist on leaving, then break both their legs. Prepare the carriage, I’ll head over to the Grand Duke’s Mansion.”

Quinn John complied immediately and went down to prepare the carriage for Laura. Now that she was certain that Alodia couldn’t leave their mansion, he will have placed the job onto some other people. One must know that dealing with Alodia wouldn’t be that easy.

As Laura stepped her left foot out of her home, one of Alodia’s people tried to go out as well. This man was one of those that had been seen with Alodia last night. As he walked in front of the gate, a servant stationed inside stopped him and asked with a smile, ”This big brother, may I know where you’re going?”

The man was surprised for a moment. He looked at the servant and said, “It’s my first time in Casa City, so I wanted to go and stroll around for a bit. Does little brother need something from me?”

The servant looked back at him and slightly chuckled. “Ah, I have no issues with you. But today, the Young Lady ordered that no one may go out of the mansion, otherwise we will be forced to break both their legs. This little brother is only concerned for big brother. It wouldn’t be good to be punished.” The man smiled, but his features were actually ice-cold.

Laura’s people within the residence were all trained by her throughout these years. That was why their loyalties to her was also very high. Adding in the current situation, although they seemed big, compared to the aristocrats they were just a small household. Moreover, in the hierarchy within this household, she was naturally the one present with the most power and wouldn’t be disputed on this sort of thing. The servants’ hearts were all for their master which, of course, meant that all of that honor went to Laura.

As soon as the man heard what the servant said, his complexion couldn’t help but change. He refuted angrily, “This is absurd. We aren’t people from your household, so why do you limit us? You also dare to cut our feet? I have chosen to go out today, so I am going to look and see how your steward will punish me.” He lifted his foot to step out after saying that.





* * *


Chapter 184 – There are only two Masters

The eyes of the servant stationed at the gate flashed with a chill. Moving his hands slightly, a baton appeared and he used it to attack the man who wanted to go out.

The man intercepted the servant’s attack, his stature turning while he simultaneously threw darts out from his hands toward the servant.

Moving the baton in his hand, the servant knocked several of the darts to the ground. His body moved forwards, aiming the baton at the chest of the man.

The baton was pitch-black and didn’t give off any shine. After being brandished, however, it emitted a very heavy aura, showing that this length of metal was forged through a special method.

That man obviously wasn’t easy to deal with. With a slight movement of his body, a Piercing Sword  appeared in his hands. As Quinn John had implied, this man was Carlo’s assassin. This Piercing Sword was his weapon.

The man was just about to stab his sword out when he was suddenly blocked by the baton of the servant. Suddenly, two feathered arrows came out of nowhere and were directly shot at the man’s feet. The timing and angle of the feathered arrows was quite good. They were shot while the servant had blocked the man’s sword with his baton, so there was no way for the man to move away after the feathered arrows appeared. Thus, they sealed off his retreat.

The man saw the attack but didn’t hide. Instead, a Sickle  flew out from the door. One after another, the two feathered arrows were knocked out of the air. At that crucial moment, another servant called for them to stop. Baton in hand, the servant stopped and the two looked towards the door.

Two people slowly walked out from the door. One was Alodia, while the other was one of the three people summoned by him last night. The chain of the Sickle was held in his hands.

Alodia sullenly watched the gatekeeper and the servants. With a cold voice he said, “How dare you all. Who gave you the courage to lay your hands on my people!”

The servant actually wasn’t afraid of him. He coldly snorted as he watched Alodia. “Young Lady has commanded us that today, no one will be allowed to leave the residence. If anyone dares to disobey this order, then we are to break their legs.”

Alodia looked at the servant and, with a colder gaze, refuted, “Don’t forget; this is the clan mansion of the Markey Dell clan, and you are all servants of the Markey Dell clan. Offending the Fifth Young Master wouldn’t benefit any of you.”

The servant sneered. “I don’t know about the Markey Dell clan, but what I do know is that here in the Purcell Duchy, there’s only Faith Mansion   . In Faith Mansion, there are only two masters. The first is Karen, while the other is Laura. Others do not have any right to call themselves our masters.”

Alodia’s eyes flashed with light. In a cold voice, he said, “Good, you dare to speak against us. The Markey Dell clan owns this residence—do you dare to rebel?”

“Who said that this residence is of the Markey Dell clan?” A hoarse voice spoke these words, and everyone knew the prestige of the man behind it, Quinn John.

Alodia, this time, didn’t salute but instead answered back, “Isn’t the owner of this residence now surnamed Markey Dell? Is this place not of the Markey Dell trade?”

Quinn John snorted. “A lackey knows nothing. As I’ve told you, Faith Mansion isn’t of the Markey Dell clan. There are no Markey Dell clan members here save two people. One is the Second Young Master, while the other is Young Lady Laura. Young Lady Laura’s order is the law here; whomever dares to not comply will be executed. Mark my words. Go ahead and try to step out of the gates of this residence.”

After Quinn John stated these things, his expression stayed calm. As Alodia watched him, he was quite surprised. Adding in Quinn John’s calm demeanor, it was as if Alodia were already a dead man. He understood. Today, if they dared to leave the residence, they will certainly die.

Most of these men, although they were masters, when facing Quinn John they would obviously suffer defeat. Quinn John was a Rank Eight expert, and the men who’d come this time around didn’t have any Rank Eight experts among them   .

Alodia coldly looked at Quinn John and said, “Alright. With Steward Quinn John’s words, I have nothing more to say. However, this matter will be known by the Fifth Young Master.”

Quinn John slightly chuckled and said, “Nobody told you not to do so, but you better not head outside of the residence. Otherwise, do not blame me for being impolite. If any of you dare to break this rule today, then both legs will be broken. Nobody should dare think of being unruly here in Faith Mansion.”

Faith Mansion was the name of the mansion where Laura resided   . On the Ark Continent, the name of an aristocrat’s mansion had their own surname in them, such as the Chen Mansion, Zhao Mansion, and so on   .

Generally, however, this wouldn’t commonly be done. The aristocrats tended to name their mansions with their title. For example, the Purcell clan had the Grand Duke’s Mansion, and the Marquis would have the Marquis’ Mansion, and so on. Even if someone weren’t a merchant or an aristocrat, they could name their own residences with an elegant sounding name, such as Gentle Breeze Residence, Mountain Forest Court, and so on   . Very few would hang a plaque with just their surname engraved on it.

However, the clothing of servants in each mansion would always have the master’s surname or the host clan’s family crest. This also acted as a proof of identity.

The reason why Laura called her residence Faith Mansion in the Purcell Duchy was because she wanted the servants and the people of Faith Mansion to remember that being a businessman relied on one having good faith.

Alodia heard what Quinn John said and he couldn’t help but be furious at the man. His eyes filled with fury as he said, “I think that this one dares.”

Just after saying those words, he heard two resounding brittle cracks. A pitiful yell cried out from his subordinate behind him.

Alodia looked back and saw his subordinate fall down. The bones in his legs were sticking out, obviously broken.

After seeing this situation, Alodia couldn’t help but turn his head back towards Quinn John. “You…you have such great courage!”

Quinn John snorted. “Do not forget. Here in the Purcell Duchy, you are not the master, and nor is the Fifth Young Master. You had better be honest; if you continue to have this kind of situation like today, then don’t blame my hand for being heartless.” He then turned around and didn’t even look back at Alodia.

Alodia was angry. His clenched teeth creaked loudly, but he had no choice as he and his men were living under the roof of this mansion. Thus, they had to lower their heads. Alodia took a few breaths, calmed down, then turned around and ordered his man, “Bring him, then let’s go.” He tossed his sleeves, walking towards the mansion. He didn’t dare to leave the mansion, because if he did, Quinn John wouldn’t let him off.

* * * * *

What happened in Faith Mansion wasn’t something Laura knew about. She had just arrived at the Grand Duke’s Mansion at this moment. Since her status was quite high in the Grand Duke’s Mansion, the people of the Purcell clan knew her. During that time of crisis for the Purcell clan, Laura had bravely stepped forward to help the Purcell clan in their time of need. Moreover, the Clan Lord also had a very good relationship with her. One could say that the Clan Lord had gotten his position with the help of Laura.

The elders hadn’t hid those words here within the Grand Duke’s Mansion, so it wasn’t a secret. Therefore, the servants also knew of it. Once they saw Laura’s carriage, someone immediately went to notify another servant to politely lead Laura through the second gate.

Laura was quickly welcomed into the study of the Grand Duke’s Mansion. Grand Duke Evan’s study wasn’t simple, as this study was also his workplace. Back when the former First Elder was in power, nobody went to the study of Grand Duke Evan. Now, however, it was different. Everyday, there were many different people coming in and out of there now.

His study was very large, almost a hundred square meters   . There was a blue stone pillar in the center of the room, and the floor was made of white marble and was very clean. The study had several shelves filled with books, while the other side had a fireplace. There were a total of eight doors and six windows in the study, making the room very bright.

In the inner corner of the study was a large desk. The desk was red colored and quite luminous, apparently made from some ancient materials. Three rows of chairs were arrayed on one side, while behind the desk was another chair.

The wall behind the desk had a portrait of a person hung there. This person wore a suit of armor, his hand leaning against a sword, and he wore a helmet with horns. The portrait was large, bigger than a life-sized one. Although it was only a portrait, people would actually feel overawed by the imposing manner of the portrait. The person shown was the first Grand Duke of the Purcell clan, Naren    Purcell.

Every time Laura came into the study, she would always take a look at the portrait first. The image of the portrait was really good; the person’s imposing manner completely portrayed.

Upon entering through the door of the study, there was a combination of a sofa and tea table. The sofa could seat a dozen people, and was used as a waiting area for the Grand Duke’s subordinates, or as a place where guests waited for the Grand Duke.

Evan stood near the sofa, waiting for Laura. Upon seeing her, he waved his hand, smiling as he said, “Little Laura, come and sit.” The age of Grand Duke Evan was almost the same as Karen. Moreover, he had a straightforward temperament. Since he was familiar with Laura, he called her ‘Little Laura’, showing their intimacy.

Laura responded with a smile. “Grand Duke, I’m sorry for bothering you again today.”

Evan pulled a long face and said, “How many times will I have to remind you to call me Uncle Evan? The next time you call me wrong, I won’t let you pass through the gates.”

Laura didn’t insist and replied with a smile, “Uncle Evan, this is somewhat impolite. Still, I will call you like this afterwards.” She then sat on the sofa, and a servant arrived with a cup of tea.

After they both sat down, Evan ordered the servant to draw back. He looked at Laura and asked, “What’s the matter this time around? Is it due to that person from some time ago? Rest assured, I had already warned him.”

Laura smiled bitterly. “Your warning, even if useful, wasn’t held in their hearts.”

Evan paused for a moment and the two stared each other. “What’s wrong? Did they really dare move against you? Are they tired of living?”

Laura smiled wryly. “They didn’t dare move against me, but they intend to attack Mister. If they succeed, then I would lose the Taoyuan products. If they aren’t successful, then they will definitely continue to harass Mister. If Mister gets into a conflict with them, then that will be equal to having a conflict with the Markey Dell clan. This is what I’m worried about.”

Although Evan’s temperament was straight, he wasn’t stupid. He had fought for a long time against Kaiser, and finally, after collaborating with Laura, he’d taken away his power in one fell swoop. How could such a person be a fool? Therefore, as he listened to Laura, he quickly understood what she meant.





* * *


Chapter 185 – Evan’s Plan

Evan frowned and said, “We must control this matter involving Mister. We had been lucky to get help from Mister during the crisis, otherwise, the losses of the Purcell clan would have been very big. We absolutely cannot allow them to succeed.”

Laura sighed.“The problem here lies in the fact that my uncles do not back me up. They are wolves, and being eyed by them won’t be good. This time around, they had sent someone and aren’t planning to let Mister off. If Mister complies to them, then it would be fortunate for them, but if not then they will certainly haunt Mister.

“A couple days ago, I had spoken to Mister and he told me it was impossible for him to comply with their demands. I then asked him to give me some face. As long as they don’t do anything excessively, then Mister wouldn’t give much care. If they move excessively, however, then Mister wouldn’t comply with my concerns and instead deal with them. By that time, what I fear will happen is that there will be major conflict between the Markey Dell clan and Mister.”

Evan understood that Laura was testing him to see what his attitude towards Zhao Hai would be. In fact, Laura didn’t need to do so. Evan had his own plans already.

Evan was a person who noted graciousness and was a man of gratitude, otherwise, he wouldn’t have helped the Buda clan in the past. Due to that, he had lost authority within the clan, but he had never regretted his actions. It was also because of this that he saw what a violent temper the Purcell clan had. He endured, and finally, today, he held that power.

He came into power this time around with the help of Laura and Zhao Hai. Therefore, he was very grateful to them. He had long wanted to meet with Zhao Hai. With regards to Zhao Hai’s magic, he also knew that his battle efficiency wasn’t weak. Aside from Zhao Hai’s help, he required his battle prowess as well.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t want to receive any guests. He wouldn’t meet with even the Purcell clan. Only Laura was able to see him, therefore, Evan regarded Laura highly. This was what Quinn John had said—Evan’s regard for Laura was not only because of his gratitude, but more so because of her connection to Zhao Hai.

Evan was very clear. If he allowed the Markey Dell clan to do as they pleased, then Zhao Hai would be unlikely to continue living at Stony Mountain. Not having any contact with Zhao Hai right now wasn’t the main problem. Instead, he was afraid that Zhao Hai might become their enemy.

Therefore, he couldn’t let the Markey Dell clan be successful. He was willing to offend the Markey Dell clan, so long as Zhao Hai remained. If Zhao Hai remains, then later on, the Purcell Duchy wouldn’t have any problems in regards to food. If their relationship with Zhao Hai was good, then later, if the Purcell clan faced problems, Zhao Hai would help them. Zhao Hai’s strength wasn’t weak. If he were willing to help the Purcell clan, then the strength of the Purcell clan would increase, which was good for them.

To be honest, Evan didn’t have a favorable impression of those great merchant clans. If those great merchant clans hadn’t acted mischievously back during the food crisis, then the situation wouldn’t have developed to what it was today. Although he was the one who profited the most in the end, he wouldn’t thank these people. This was because Evan was of the Purcell clan, and those great merchant clans had dared to act against his clan.

The reputation of the Markey Dell clan on the continent wasn’t good. Besides Laura, the other members of the Markey Dell clan had been nicknamed members of the vampire  clan.

A vampire was a dark creature that sucked the blood of humans and magic beasts in order for them to live and could also transform itself into a bat. They were annoying creatures . This was how people described the Markey Dell clan, and this was what their reputation looked like.

For a vampire clan, would you expel your own powerful and strong benefactor? Only idiots would do so! Obviously, Evan had the same thoughts as Quinn John. They both thought Zhao Hai had a deep background, otherwise, it would be impossible to supply such a large amount of food.

Although people hadn’t heard of such a person as Zhao Hai here in the Aksu Empire, there was no guarantee that Zhao Hai wasn’t some great lord from another country. If Zhao Hai was, then offending him would be a bad choice.

The continent was divided into several countries. In every country, however, an aristocrat would always be given respect. Even during times of war, when a defeated aristocrat was captured, they could use that person to request a ransom. Thus, that captive wouldn’t receive any injuries. With that, one could see the influence an aristocrat had.

In this case, how could Evan offend an unidentified aristocrat? Evan couldn’t say that Zhao Hai wasn’t an aristocrat of some other country. With regards to that, it was equal to making contacts with the aristocracy of another country. This way, even if the Purcell clan faced some tragedy within the Aksu Empire in the future, they could still seek exile to another country.

There was this unwritten rule among the aristocrats of the Ark Continent. For example, if you were an aristocrat from the Aksu Empire, and you commited treason or some other crime against your empire, then you wouldn’t be able to stay there. You could then seek protection with another country’s aristocrat, provided that the aristocrat from that country was of the count   rank or higher.

Evan had no such contacts with the aristocrats from other countries. The Buda clan, once a great clan, had degenerated to their current situation because their time as an aristocrat was too short. Furthermore, their own strength wasn’t that good and they also had no connections with the aristocrats of foreign countries. These were the reasons why they weren’t able to safely leave the Aksu Empire. They couldn’t move out of the empire as they had no connections, nor would other countries have accepted them as their own aristocrat in order to avoid needlessly offending the Aksu Empire. Since they couldn’t grow in another country, and they definitely wouldn’t find any security there, their situation had thus deteriorated to such a level.

Since Evan had seen what happened to the Buda clan, he gained a sense of crisis. Thus, he wanted to establish a connection with aristocrats from other countries.

With such an idea, it was impossible for Evan not to look into this situation of Zhao Hai’s, so he nodded and asked, “Mister will certainly not be facing any accidents, so I wonder what you mean to do?”

Laura snorted. “Yesterday, I told father about the situation, and father made his stance clear. Here in the Purcell Duchy, everything we have gained was due to our own hard work. Now, we cannot be regarded as a member of the Markey Dell clan. Since Mister Zhao Hai had helped us, how could I not help Mister?”

Evan nodded, saying, “That’s good. Since it isn’t good to deal with the Markey Dell clan alone, it may work with our tripartite strength. We must speak with Mister. Since I can’t talk to him, you must go to him instead and tell him about the Purcell clan and these matters. Also tell him that he can rest assured.”

Laura took a deep breath, smiled, and said, “After hearing what Uncle Evan has said, I feel relieved. I will certainly tell these words to Mister. In fact, I really want to say this; Mister doesn’t fear the Markey Dell clan. So long as the Markey Dell clan doesn’t send a Rank Nine expert, they cannot beat Mister. What I’m afraid will happen, however, is that the Markey Dell clan might become desperate. If they become completely desperate, then they might do anything.”

Evan calmly nodded. “This matter is really troublesome. Before, our Purcell clan had two deities, but Wind Saint Buffy had gone into the Carrion Swamp. After such a long time, he still hasn’t came back. I fear the unfortunate rather than the fortunate. With that, our clan’s overall power has decreased. Things are somewhat difficult, but let Mister know that if the Markey Dell clan really does send out a Rank Nine expert, then even if I have to give up my authority, I will ask the consecrated deity to move and get rid of them.”

Laura nodded. Sighing, she said, “This is only if the worst comes. I came here today to let Uncle Evan know, and to be prepared in advance in case something happens. ”

Evan nodded. Looked at Laura, he said, “You have to be prepared. If this time around the Markey Dell clan doesn’t dare to move against Mister Zhao Hai, then they’ll certainly move against you. Mister is a small target, and they wouldn’t dare to move against our Purcell clan. On the other hand, you are different as you have too many stores. Your stores are large, thus, they might come and get you.”

Laura nodded. “My people there are really nervous. When I spoke to Mister previously, however, he told me to tell him if there was a problem, and that he would help me. When Mister Zhao Hai sent some undead in the past, however, I was quite scared of them, so he didn’t push the idea. This time, I must have thicker skin.”

“There are no bad undead. Sometimes, they’re better than humans,” Evan replied with a smile. “I’m a little envious of Mister since I had no talent in learning magic. I really wanted to be a black magician. Laura, you and Mister have had a lot of contact, so please tell me—what kind of person is Mister?”

Laura smiled as he heard Evan’s question. “Mister is a good person, but a very traditional black magician. He wears a black robe, and has more undead than humans around him. He also doesn’t want to see other people that much. He has a good heart, however, and I feel that his age probably isn’t too old. I don’t think he’s as old as Uncle Evan.”

After hearing what Laura said, Evan paused for a moment, then asked, “Are you telling the truth? That Mister’s age is smaller than mine?”

Laura nodded and answered, “Yes. Although I haven’t seen his appearance, his voice tells me that he is young.”

Evan nodded. His heart was actually startled, but this strengthened his beliefs about Zhao Hai being a powerful magician, especially after his previous battle. A Rank Six magician would be a great master on the outside, and a lot of mercenaries would rush to invite him, even if he would be a bit expensive. This was because the battle prowess of a magician was just too lethal.

A young Rank Eight black magician, however, would be even more incredible. This simply meant that he had a great chance of becoming a Rank Nine expert, one of the continent’s pinnacle existences. Thus, becoming friends with such a person wouldn’t bring him any harm.





* * *


Chapter 186



Laura had a reason for telling Evan all of this. She feared that Evan wouldn’t be willing to cooperate, so she’d disclosed Zhao Hai’s age in order for Evan to gain a greater understanding of the importance of Zhao Hai. If an expert had a chance to reach Rank Nine, then helping him and waiting for him to reach that level would give far too many large benefits. Any great clan wouldn’t miss such an opportunity.

Although Laura and Evan hadn’t personally witnessed how strong Zhao Hai was, the fact that Zhao Hai had dealt with Garan wasn’t something only Laura knew of. Evan also knew about it. Since Garan had vanished, they had a general understanding of how strong Zhao Hai was.

Laura understood even more about Zhao Hai’s strength than Evan, therefore, she vigorously tried to facilitate an alliance between herself, Evan, and Zhao Hai. Once the three of them truly joined together, they wouldn’t fear anyone.

On the surface, officially the power and authority would be with the Purcell clan, while the commercial aspects went to her. Behind them stood Zhao Hai, who could provide the most aid to either of them. The three of them together would truly be a strong union.

As Evan looked at Laura, he suddenly laughed. “Little Laura, your thoughts are really clever, but I must thank you. If you didn’t tell me these matters, I wouldn’t have known of Mister’s strength; though I would still have helped Mister even if you didn’t tell me. I won’t let Mister be disturbed by these matters, so you should immediately go and meet up with him. You must explain and tell him about everything we had just agreed upon. The Markey Dell clan is strong, and we must have a consensus as soon as possible so that we can have a chance of contending against them.”

Laura stood and said, “Alright, I’ll go see Mister then. Uncle Evan, I’m going to leave first. While I go and see Mister, I’ll have to ask Uncle to look after our situation.”

Evan also stood up, laughed, and said, “Be at ease, nothing will happen, so go peacefully.”

Laura nodded and turned to go.

* * * * *

Laura left the Grand Duke’s Mansion. A servant waiting outside immediately reported what happened at Faith Mansion to Laura as she sat inside the carriage.

Sitting quietly in the carriage, Laura listened to the servant. After the servant finished the report, Laura nodded. “Very good. Grandpa Quinn John dealt with them amazingly. Go back and tell Grandpa Quinn John that I’ll be heading straight for Stony Mountain.”

The servant complied and immediately went back.

Laura turned her head to the next carriage and ordered the nearby Searle, “Searle, we’re going to Stony Mountain to meet with Mister.”

Searle complied immediately and told the driver to quickly leave Casa City and head directly for Stony Mountain.

At present, Laura wasn’t worried about the situation inside Faith Mansion. She had Quinn John assume personal command, so she didn’t need to be worried about anything. Even if an issue arose, they had Evan to aid them within Casa City. Moreover, Laura had told Nier to let out the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms earlier this morning and have them patrol and guard. They were to attack anyone who leaves the mansion. One could say that even if Alodia wanted to leave, it would simply be impossible.

Laura also believed that Quinn John was apprehensive enough and has begun to investigate those who had met with Alodia’s men yesterday. Quinn John wouldn’t let these people go. Right now they just needed to keep Alodia there. They needed to wait till they were all ready before dealing with Alodia.

Laura also wasn’t worried about the situation of Casa City. She knew that Carlo was too self-confident. He thought that by sending a steward, Laura’s camp wouldn’t dare do anything. He wouldn’t have thought that aside from Laura having managed her business in Casa City for years, her strength was great enough now that she didn’t need to fear him.

Carlo had misjudged the matter this time around. This was due to the fact that throughout all these years, the Markey Dell clan had been unopposed because of their power and influence. This caused them to unconsciously gain a superiority complex, a belief that everybody they met would just bow down in front of them. They hadn’t thought that the ones they bumped into this time would have thorns

Nier looked at the distressed Laura and said, “Young Lady, there’s no need to rush things. I could send a message ahead to Mister by using the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. Presumably, he won’t be against our decision.”

Laura looked back at Nier, smiled, and said, “Silly girl, delivering a message while we still need to personally see him? This matter is of the utmost importance, thus, we need to personally meet with Mister Zhao Hai.”

Nier replied with a smile, “I thought that if we do this, it would seem too polite. Didn’t Mister tell us not to be too polite?”

Laura smiled. “Silly girl, being polite to Mister isn’t the point here. What I meant was that we should personally go and often visit and meet with Mister. This way, we can try and make our relationship closer.”

Nier looked back at Laura. Then she smiled and said, “Young Lady wants to be more intimate with Mister. I also think it is good to be a little intimate with Mister.”

Laura scoffed at the words, but this time around, she suddenly heard a pitiful yell coming from outside. Then she heard Searle frantically cry out, “Protect the Young Lady, move quickly!”

Soon, she heard the sound of wind breaking through the air . Since she was a knight, she knew what these sounds were. It was the sound of arrows—a massive assault using arrows.

Laura wasn’t worried about those arrows hitting her. After its modification, her carriage had consumed the best materials available. It simply wouldn’t be broken through just by being shot at with arrows . What made her worried was that the sounds of those arrows indicated that there were far too many being shot out. Seemingly, they were being attacked by a large number of people.

She didn’t move. Looking at Nier’s pale complexion, Laura smiled and said, “Don’t be afraid, everything will be alright.” Then she turned her head and called out, “Searle, how many of them?”

Searle replied, “No idea. They are hiding in the woods while attacking with arrows and none have come out yet. Young Lady, I think we should speed up. So long as we get to Mister’s place, we will be safe.”

With a cold voice, Laura said, “I’m afraid it won’t be that easy. It seems that Fifth Uncle didn’t send only Alodia. Good. Fifth Uncle, it seems like you really want to succeed.”

Laura clearly knew that Carlo was a somber person. This time around, they feared he had concealed one thing by covering it up with another   . He had secretly planned several things. The first plan should be Alodia, while the hidden plan was laid out by someone unknown. They most definitely wouldn’t be an average person, otherwise, Carlo wouldn’t feel assured by giving them tasks.

Nier said, “Young Lady, what should we do now? Will something happen to our home?”

Laura shook her head as she replied, “There won’t be any incidents happening at our home. Even if Fifth Uncle’s courage is big, he wouldn’t dare cause trouble inside Casa City as it would mean offending the Purcell clan. If he did so, then it would mean that they’d be in conflict with the Purcell clan. Fifth Uncle doesn’t have the guts to do so. Even if it is grandfather, he wouldn’t dare. It seems that someone saw what happened earlier this morning at our residence, thus they came out to give us a lesson.”

Nier nodded and asked, “That being said, are we in danger?”

Laura shook her head. “That’s hard to say. They know that the people in Casa City are under my command. So long as I’m removed, then even if Father or Grandpa Quinn John wanted to take command, it wouldn’t work because their authority wouldn’t ring true. They can naturally just let them go. Well, let us see. Regardless of how they do it, I want to see if they can really put me in my place   .“

Just then, several more screams were heard. Laura, however, realised that the cry didn’t come from those protecting the carriage along with Searle. She quickly asked, “What happened?”

Searle replied, “Young Lady, there might be someone helping us. The screams a moment ago came from the woods. It seems someone is attacking the people ambushing us.”

Laura ordered, “Protect the carriage, do not move heedlessly. The enemies might just be leading you into a trap. No matter who it is helping us, all of you should just focus taking care of the carriage.”

* * * * *

After hearing the command, Searle immediately complied.

The screams coming from the woods became more and more frequent. After some time, they soon heard a whistle coming from the woods. The shadows of the woods then started to shake as a large number of people rushed out.

The people rushing out of the woods were dressed as mercenaries. They took out their weapons as they moved towards the carriage. Searle noted, however, that some at the back wore black warrior clothing as they chased afterward to kill. The weapons of these people were mainly Piercing Swords, and one look was enough to tell they were dead warriors   .

Although Searle didn’t know where those dead warriors came from or why they were helping them, it was still a good thing that they were helping. He kept his 20 subordinates around the carriage, not daring to take a half-step away from it.

Seeing the mercenaries coming closer to them, Searle and the rest unconsciously grasped their weapons. However, during this time, the sky suddenly resounded with the low, deep cry of an eagle. Searle didn’t understand what was happening before seeing the sky darken as a large eagle appeared from the air, diving directly down and surprising him. He found out, however, that the eagle wasn’t attacking them. Instead, it directly engaged the mercenaries.

This was the first time Searle saw the battle prowess of these eagles. It was simply too strong. The eagles fluttered down and Searle saw with his own eyes as an eagle’s talons took hold of a mercenary’s head. As the eagle placed its talons onto the head of the mercenary, the mercenary screamed out pitifully. The eagle kept hold of him and flew up into the sky. In an instant, they both disappeared.

The other eagles had few differences. Sometimes it was only one eagle, sometimes a few of them joined together, but all of them picked up a mercenary and soared high. They actually didn’t put them down. Instead, they flew over in the direction of Stony Mountain. After only a short time, they couldn’t see anyone in the dress of a mercenary anymore. Those people who looked like dead warriors kept back from the carriage. Not far from Searle, one of them bowed in their direction and then they returned to the woods.

Searle was stunned for a moment, then heard a voice behind him saying, “It is Mister’s people. Continue forward towards Stony Mountain.” Searle turned his head around and saw Laura. He didn’t know when Laura stood up, but he complied hastily. He immediately organized the team and protected the carriage until they were at Stony Mountain.

Laura had left the carriage when she had heard the sound of eagles coming. Upon hearing the cry of those eagles, she knew that it had been Zhao Hai who’d sent them. She really hadn’t thought, however, that Zhao Hai would actually be able to send so many eagles.





* * *


Chapter 187



At this moment, Laura’s heart was agitated. She was clear that those were Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. However, Zhao Hai hadn’t had them at the beginning. She had given the five Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs to Zhao Hai, and he had tamed them easily. He had hatched several of them in a short time, and even allowed them to mutate. This was contrary to what Laura imagined, and she simply wouldn’t have thought that these Virtuous Phantasms could also be mass bred.

The Eagle Virtuous Phantasms that Zhao Hai passed to her were exactly the same as those she saw now. If he said that those weren’t Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, then she wouldn’t believe him. But if he does tell her that those were Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, then Zhao Hai’s abilities would have to be re-evaluated.

Virtuous Phantasms were different from magic beasts. Magic beasts needed to mate, then there was an ovulation period. This, however, wasn’t the case for Virtuous Phantasms. For them to reproduce, their master must order them to do so. Moreover, after their first parturition , their strength would greatly diminish. This was the reason why there were few Virtuous Phantasms on the continent. Even if humans could breed them, their reproduction rate wasn’t high.

Massive breeding of Virtuous Phantasms would not only require a large amount of energy from the master, but would also affect the quality of the descendants. Their strength would degenerate if they reproduced frequently.

Laura had been given those five Virtuous Phantasms a few days ago, yet Zhao Hai had already hatched them. Furthermore, he was also able to reproduce them on a massive scale. What’s more intriguing was that the strength of these Eagle Virtuous Phantasms had not decreased. Rather, they had become stronger, startling her.

He could accelerate the growth of plants and could reproduce Virtuous Phantasms on such a large scale. With these two abilities alone, people on the continent would go crazy for them.

Thinking about it, Laura couldn’t help but remember Zhao Hai’s secret cache of fire fish in the courtyard. Before, she had thought that Zhao Hai’s fire fish came from elsewhere. Now, she realized that it might not be the case. It was now a possibility that Zhao Hai was using the Bluestone Villa of Stony Mountain for fire fish reproduction.

Laura couldn’t help but feel excited. She now understood why Zhao Hai wanted magic beasts, and preferably, unique magic beasts. If her guess was correct, then Zhao Hai really could reproduce magic beasts. That would explain many things. Zhao Hai’s goal was to reproduce and breed lots of magic beasts.

Reproduction magic couldn’t only bring in a massive income of gold; it could also increase battle efficiency. If this were really the case, then so long as Zhao Hai had time, he could continuously increase his strength. To what degree was hard to say for now.

Then Laura remembered the blue-eyed rabbits. How was Zhao Hai able to reproduce so much of them? This explanation might be the reason.

Laura took a deep breath, her heart shaken as she couldn’t calm down. Zhao Hai’s ability could easily attract others. If people were to know of his ability, then sure enough, they would be tempted to rob it from him. Not even adding in this heaven-defying ability, with only the Taoyuan products, he had already attracted others.

Thinking about such things, Laura couldn’t help but shiver. Nier looked at Laura’s expression and thought Laura was feeling cold. She hastily asked, “Young Lady, are you feeling cold?”

Laura shook her head. “I’m not cold. Searle, transmit my orders. What happened today should not be spoken of. Let it rot in your stomachs . If I hear a word about today’s matter, then don’t blame me for being ruthless.”





Searle complied immediately and passed the order. Laura didn’t need to order Nier as Nier was with her everyday. It was alright not to order her.

After a little while, the carriage arrived at Stony Mountain. Green was waiting at the foot of the mountain, and led Laura as they climbed the mountain. Laura didn’t asked Green about the issue of her being saved as she thought that directly asking Zhao Hai would be better.

After the carriage was parked in the backyard, Laura and Nier went into the parlour room. Zhao Hai was waiting there for them. They greeted each other and sat as guest and host. Laura then said to Zhao Hai, “I thank Mister for your aid today. I fear that I would had been in danger otherwise.”

Zhao Hai chuckled, waving a hand as he said, “Miss is too polite. Even if I hadn’t helped you today, you could have gotten rid of the danger easily. Miss wouldn’t have had any difficulties and those people couldn’t have blocked you.”

Laura smiled and said, “That may not be the case. But anyway, I thank Mister for the help. Also, I have come here today to tell you of a matter. The clan lord of the Purcell clan, Grand Duke Evan is willing to form an alliance with us to deal with the Markey Dell clan.”

Zhao Hai froze for a moment, frowned, then became excited. Naturally, Laura didn’t see his facial expressions since they were hidden.

After a little while, Zhao Hai said, “Is this matter serious?”

Laura smiled wryly as she was worried about Zhao Hai’s reaction. She told Zhao Hai about the matters she had discussed with Evan.

Zhao Hai frowned as he calmly listened. He hadn’t thought that this matter would unexpectedly be such a serious deal. It had reached the point where even Evan had decided to participate.

After Laura finished, she didn’t hear anything from Zhao Hai, so she said, “Mister, I am not exaggerating things. I understand the Markey Dell clan. For benefits, they won’t give any face. Mister should have guessed it, but the attack today was done at my Fifth Uncle’s orders.”

Zhao Hai also knew who attacked Laura as he had caught those men and brought them to Bluestone Villa. Those caught by the eagles were already dead. Zhao Hai didn’t bother to threaten them and just turned them all into undead. The final conclusion was that they were all Carlo’s men. This time, the ambush team had a total of 120 men, led by the warrior Reo   .

Alodia was the bright thread and Reo was the dark thread. It was the dark thread that was supposed to come after Laura while the bright thread was supposed to prevent Evan from meddling in this matter. Alodia was to meet up with him and ask him to not cooperate with Laura anymore. Both threads worked under Carlo. The bright thread, however, failed to do his job. Thus, the dark thread had been forced to act.

Zhao Hai had long anticipated such moves by Carlo. However, he was still angry because Carlo had done all this to get benefits, even at the cost of losing everyone. Now this person wanted his life in order to gain more benefits. How could Zhao Hai possibly work with this person?

With what Laura told him, Zhao Hai understood that this time around, he was involved in a troublesome matter. This was surely going to be a problem, but what made him more annoyed was that it was due to him that this trouble arrived.

they must face the Markey Dell clan. He feared that he wouldn’t be able to deal with them alone. The Markey Dell clan’s business had spread throughout half the continent. Such an influence was too large. Even if Laura and Evan united, it wouldn’t be of use. Only when their tripartite was established could face the Markey Dell clan. If he wanted to face them alone, then it would be no different from courting death.

With this thought in mind, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, please pass my message to Grand Duke Evan. I pledge myself to be a part of this alliance. Thus, the three of us are allies.”

Laura couldn’t help but feel relieved. She feared that Zhao Hai might not agree as she knew Zhao Hai had some arrogance   . If Zhao Hai didn’t agree, then this matter would be troublesome.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s expression and smiled. “I don’t want to have any relation with the Purcell clan, but the situation has already developed to this point. If I don’t want to die, I will have to rely on you, Miss Laura.”

“This is nothing. We’re both prospering. If one side suffers, then all sides will take losses,” Laura said with a smile. Her two eyes suddenly began shining as she looked at Zhao Hai. “Mister, can I ask you a question?”

Zhao Hai looked at her appearance and couldn’t help but feel surprised. He said, “Miss, please ask.”

Laura looked back at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, the eagles you sent to help me today were hatched and reproduced from the five Virtuous Phantasm colored eggs I had given you, yes?” The question seemed simple, but in fact it was hard to answer.

Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment after hearing Laura’s question. Looking at Laura’s appearance, Zhao Hai knew that she might have been having her own suspicions up till now. He knew that this day would come, but never thought it would come so quickly. He took a deep breath, turned back, and then asked Laura, “Miss Laura, I’m sure this isn’t the only question you have, right? If so, ask them all anyway.”

Laura’s heart was conflicted, but she still listened to Zhao Hai’s words that didn’t seem to show that he was angry. She clenched her teeth and, nodding, finally said, “Mister, I really have many things I want to ask of you, though I don’t know if it is convenient to do so.” Having said that, she looked elsewhere, her gaze falling on the silent Green   .

Zhao Hai understood what she meant, so he replied with a smile and said, “Miss, please speak. There are no outsiders here.”

Laura nodded. She looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I want to know how Mister was able to accelerate plant growth, how you were able to reproduce Virtuous Phantasms without their strength degrading, and lastly, I want to know what is Mister’s true identity.”

Laura had decided that she must lay all her cards on the table before Zhao Hai. This time, after their cooperation starts, she would really be with Zhao Hai, locusts tied to one rope   . Therefore, she must know about these matters.

Zhao Hai didn’t speak, but instead stared back at Laura. Green suddenly interrupted, “Miss Laura, knowing the answer to your questions wouldn’t be difficult, so long as Miss Laura accepts our condition. Then we can tell you everything you want to know.”

Zhao Hai was frozen for a moment while Laura’s eyes were full of concentration as she said, “Please, do tell me, Sir.”

Green said, “Marry the Young Master   .”

Laura was shocked. Zhao Hai turned his head to Green and said, “Grandpa Green.”

Green didn’t listen. Instead, he decided to look at Laura and say, “As long as Miss Laura marries the Young Master, then the Young Master’s identity and all his secrets will be told to you. If Miss Laura doesn’t comply, then we’re sorry. We will definitely withdraw from the Purcell Duchy and make everyone unable to find us. We also cannot tell you the identity of the Young Master if that happens





* * *



Chapter 188



Laura wouldn’t have thought that Green would actually make such a proposal. She was surprised, her face becoming pure red. This condition was just too sudden and beyond her expectations.

Although the culture here on the Ark Continent wasn’t like that of Ancient China where women paid attention to the three obediences and four virtues , they still had their own set of rules. There was some equality between men and women. For example, in a large clan, it wasn’t only the men that could obtain the inheritance, but the women as well.

The context of marriage was also relatively free. Just take a look at Ryan    Purcell who didn’t like Zhao Hai. He could propose an engagement, then she would let her clan find a way to break off the engagement. This kind of setting was normal   .

However, the present situation, where someone is suddenly offering a condition of marriage to a girl such a Laura, could easily make the girl extremely shy. Others might have forgotten this.

Green watched Laura’s reaction, smiled, and said, “Miss Laura, please don’t worry. The Young Master of our clan is less than 20 years old and is at a comparable age with Miss Laura. Furthermore, he is an aristocrat, so he is absolutely not unworthy of Miss Laura.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile while saying, “Grandpa Green, don’t say such things. Miss Laura, please don’t be offended, but my identity will bring you too much trouble. Even our alliance with the Purcell clan wouldn’t be enough to save me. I will kindly ask Miss to not delve further.”

Laura was actually shocked as she wouldn’t have thought that Zhao Hai would say such things. His identity would bring her too much trouble? Suddenly, she thought of when Zhao Hai spoke Green’s title.

In the previous visits Laura had, Zhao Hai had always called Green by the name of Ringer   . On the continent, Ringer was a common name, so it was nothing special. As such, Laura hasn’t cared about it before.

Zhao Hai, however, had been anxious and had addressed him by the name of Green. Although it wasn’t anything special, after thinking of Zhao Hai’s status and Green’s strength, Laura suddenly thought of a clan.

Laura stared at Zhao Hai and said, “Is it possible that Mister’s surname is Buda? And the Sir beside you is the Spiritwind Battle General Green? This isn’t right, didn’t Mister drink the Water of Nothingness? How can you use magic?”

Zhao Hai and Green were both startled. They hadn’t thought that Laura was so unexpectedly smart that she had guessed their identity with just a name as her clue.

The two looked at each other and smiled bitterly. Green removed his helmet that hid his face and tossed it aside. Looking at Laura, he smiled and said, “Miss Laura really deserves to be called Heaven’s Lovely Daughter   . You are really smart. With just a word from the Young Master, you had actually correctly guessed our identity. Ah, this is great.”

Zhao Hai had also removed the cap of his magic robe. With a forced smile, he said, “I never would have thought that I would be the one revealing flaws. Miss Laura, I’ll re-introduce myself. I am called Zhao Hai Buda, formerly Adam Buda. This is my Head Steward, Green Buda. My maidservant here, who is the granddaughter of Grandpa Green, is Meg Buda. And the person who had prepared food for you back when you visited several times is Meg’s grandmother, Meirin Buda.”

Zhao Hai stood up while introducing everyone to Laura. Green also gave his greetings to Laura. Laura was shocked as she watched them.

She hadn’t really thought that she had guessed it correctly. This place was actually of the Buda clan. Who would have thought that the Buda clan, exiled to the Black Waste, would suddenly re-appear here. Looking at them, they appeared to be so free.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai who still wore his magic robe. After removing his hat, Zhao Hai had lost his mysterious presence. Yet, Laura felt that Zhao Hai was more appealing this way.

Being mysterious could attract a woman, but being such an extremely mystical man wouldn’t be to the liking of women because they wouldn’t have a sense of security. While Laura was attracted to the mystery of Zhao Hai, she actually liked Zhao Hai’s disposition more than that mysteriousness.

Zhao Hai’s character. After their several meetings, Laura had some understanding of it. Zhao Hai was just too mysterious though, thus, Laura didn’t want to delve deeper into a relationship.

Now she finally saw Zhao Hai’s appearance. Zhao Hai wasn’t that tall. If he stood beside Laura, he would be seen as obviously smaller than her   . His face looked quiet, even somewhat weak and thin looking. Adding on his disposition as an otaku bookworm, and he had a refined and somewhat gentle appearance. However, Laura could also feel an optimistic perseverance from Zhao Hai’s presence. This was what Laura appreciated the most.

After Laura returned a greeting to Zhao Hai, they sat back down. Zhao Hai looked at Laura, smiled, and said, “Now you know, Miss Laura, why I don’t wish to meet with the Purcell clan, right? Moreover, if my identity were to be known by outsiders, then I won’t only be able to defend myself. Even Miss Laura would be involved. Therefore, we can only hide here.”

Laura sternly replied, “Mister has thought all of this thoroughly. However, Mister saved my life, thus, I am not afraid of involvement. If there is no Mister, then there would be no Laura today. I’m asking Mister to not say no to this.”

Zhao Hai shook his head. “Miss might be wondering how I can use black magic when it is a fact that I drank the Water of Nothingness. To tell you the truth, although I have drunk the Water of Nothingness, I had another ability. I am a Divergent Warlock.”

Divergent Warlocks were a group of mysterious people who, on the continent, were known as the occupation with the least combatants. No one knows the origin of these Divergent Warlocks, nor how they cultivated. There was no way to learn Divergent techniques, and its qualifications weren’t affected by bloodline. Since there was no known cultivation method necessary for it, then along with an incomplete system, it made people fear that slaves might also become Divergent Warlocks.

There were all sorts of strange and unusual abilities that Divergent Warlocks were said to possess. Some cannot be used in battle, while some enhanced their battle capabilities. If black magicians were known as people the continent didn’t want to provoke, then Divergent Warlocks were people that even black magicians didn’t want to provoke.

At the beginning, Zhao Hai didn’t know about the existence of Divergent Warlocks. It was only after some time that he finally found out about those Divergent Warlocks. To put it bluntly, they were like the mutants in the X-Men movie he’d watched back on Earth. Some people had different abilities and were called mutants.

On Earth, mutants and abilities existed only in legends. These legends, however, were real here on the Ark Continent. They really existed and were considered occupations that had its own identity and status.

Divergent Warlocks were different from black magicians because while the common aristocrats didn’t like to invite black magicians, Divergent Warlocks were actually people the aristocrats liked to invite.

Strictly speaking, the Space capability of Zhao Hai was a Divergent technique, but this Divergent technique was really a bit too strange. Zhao Hai didn’t know where the Space came from, except that he knew that the Space was related to the farm games of his past. His understanding of theSpace made it different than that of other Divergent techniques of the Divergent Warlocks.

Laura felt relieved after hearing Zhao Hai’s explanation. The occupation known as Divergent Warlock wasn’t subject to any medicinal restrictions. Thus, the Water of Nothingness wouldn’t have any effect on Divergent techniques.

Laura hadn’t seen a Divergent Warlock before since they were few in number. Therefore, she looked at Zhao Hai curiously. “Does Mister’s Divergent technique work the same as black magic?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “My Divergent technique is somewhat strange, therefore, explaining it in such a short time wouldn’t be enough. I won’t be able to elaborate it to you. Also, Miss Laura doesn’t need to call me Mister. Instead, call me Zhao Hai from now on.”

Laura smile and replied, “I will call you Mister since I have been accustomed to do so anyway. Oh, right. Mister, if you had an ancient magic tool, then why didn’t you use it when your clan was being exterminated? The last time Sir Green went to the Purcell clan, hadn’t you used one? Do you still have that ancient magic tool?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I didn’t have any ancient magic tool. If I did have such a thing, then I wouldn’t be in this situation. What you’re talking about is just part of my Divergent technique.”

Laura held her breath. Although she hadn’t seen a Divergent Warlock before, she knew that there were many different types. Some of them had a very high potential, even reaching a Rank Nine expert’s strength. Some of these Divergent Warlocks, however, didn’t have much use, such as the ability to study skin or the ability to read when their eyes closed. Those things were absolutely useless and didn’t have any battle efficiency   .

Zhao Hai wouldn’t speak of how many abilities his divergent technique had since even having just this ability was already sufficient to cause envy. It was equal to owning an ancient magic tool.

But Laura still wanted to confirm things. Therefore, she continued to question Zhao Hai. “Mister, do you mean to say that your ability is like an ancient magic tool that can transfer a human. Such as, you can transfer them here to Stony Mountain?”

Zhao Hai smiled again and replied, “The ability isn’t as easy as you say and, in fact, has a great limitation. First, the person to be transferred should be trusted by me. Second, he needs a medium so that I can transfer him   . If it were really easy, then I wouldn’t need to be here?”

Laura smiled while nodding, then blushed. After she listened to Zhao Hai tell her that the person must be someone he trusted, she thought that the person couldn’t be anyone but people close to him. She couldn’t help but think about Green’s words.

Green, who cut a wise and fine figure   , looked at Laura’s reaction and knew what she was thinking. He couldn’t help but smile as he told Laura, “Miss Laura, our identity is extremely sensitive. I do hope that Miss can give the Young Master some assurance that you’ll keep it a secret.”

Laura smiled after hearing what Green said. She looked at Green’s expression and couldn’t help but blush. Laura soon calmed down. She was different from common girls and said, “Sir Green, rest assured, I know what I should do.”

“Miss Laura is too polite. Please don’t call me Sir Green, but just call me Green. Or maybe, it would be even better if you call me Grandpa Green as that is what the Young Master calls me,” Green replied with a smile.

Laura’s face became even more red. Quietly, she replied, “This Laura is impolite. From now on, I’ll call you Grandpa Green.” Though she said this, her voice was very low.


* * *


Chapter 189 – Brother Hai ?

Green looked very happy as he laughed and said, “Alright, good. From now on you will call me Grandpa Green. Ha ha ha ha.”

Zhao Hai patted his head, completely silent. He wasn’t stupid; of course he knew why Green was happy. Laura calling him grandpa meant that she wasn’t against Green’s sentiment, and this was what made Green happy.

What Zhao Hai observed, others would naturally observe as well. Laura’s face became even redder, Nier laughed at her side, and Meg, who should have been angry, unexpectedly wasn’t.

Meg’s life was very simple. She was a Buda clan member, and although she liked Zhao Hai, she understood that it was impossible for Zhao Hai to marry only her. Don’t even speak about if Green or the others would agree to it, she herself wouldn’t agree to that either.

The Buda clan needed a successor. And not just one, but many successors. Only then could they guarantee the continuation of the Buda clan. Therefore, Zhao Hai was destined to have many wives.

Also, Laura, after knowing Zhao Hai’s identity, showed a positive reaction. Thus, this had won her a favorable impression from Meg. No matter what, the Buda clan was still an enemy of the empire. Once people knew that Laura had a relationship with them, it wouldn’t do Laura any good.

Accepting Zhao Hai’s situation, along with the matter of her falling out with the Markey Dell clan, increased Meg’s favorable impression of Laura. Also, after having meeting with her several times , Meg found that Laura was a nice person; she was friendly while still being a young lady of a clan. She was a good person.

Zhao Hai felt a bit of anguish. He couldn’t understand how or when his charm had become so great. Now it had easily, and unexpectedly, made an idol have a favorable impression of him. This really wasn’t part of his plans.

Zhao Hai was an otaku, and as an otaku he didn’t like changes or matters that were hard to control. Obviously, Laura’s matter was something Zhao Hai hadn’t been able to control, thus making him unable to respond.

Soon, Meirin also came in. As soon as she saw Zhao Hai and Green’s face exposed, she couldn’t help but change her expression. “Green, Young Master, what’s this all about?”

“Miss Laura, this is Grandma Meirin.” Zhao Hai responded to Meirin’s question by introducing her to Laura.

Laura stood up and greeted Meirin. “I have seen Grandma Meirin. Please rest assured, I will not betray the Buda clan.”

Meirin looked at the calm Zhao Hai and the smiling Green. She exchanged eye contact with Green and immediately understood Green’s meaning. Her eyes began to shine brightly while looking at Laura and she said, “Good, this is good. Miss Laura is too polite. Oh, I just remembered. Today I cooked your favorite fire fish. Alright, everyone, let’s go eat first.” Afterwards, Zhao Hai led Laura towards the dining room.

Laura’s face was all red. Meirin’s eyes held a sort of passion in them when she looked at Laura. Laura thought it was a bit much, but she couldn’t help it.

Zhao Hai stood up and went to the dining room along with Green, whose face was filled with a smile. Afterwards, they sat down in the dining room while Meirin brought out the meal that included the fire fish Laura liked.

While they ate, it wasn’t only Meirin who urged Laura to eat the other dishes, but also Meg. Laura felt that Meg had changed her attitude towards her, something that puzzled her. Based on her calculations, Meg should be more hostile towards her. Now, however, it didn’t look that way. It seemed like Meg didn’t have any hatred towards her.

Zhao Hai was speechless after eating the meal. Afterwards, they returned to the parlor room and Laura said, “Mister, I have also visited this time to ask for your help. Although I won’t be harmed in any way when I’m inside Casa City, that won’t be the case if I went outside. I fear Mister might take it as a joke, but the strength I have now won’t be enough to ensure my security. Therefore, I want to ask Mister to give me some aid while I travel back home. Is that okay with you?”

After they ate, Zhao Hai also wanted to open up some topics. Anyway, their future development will depend highly on Laura. To say he wasn’t affected by those ideas earlier, however, would be a mistake. After all, to him, Laura was an idol. Since he currently had the qualifications to pursue her, it would be unfair to himself if he didn’t.

Laying down the knot in his heart, Zhao Hai replied with a lot more ease and lightness. He smiled and said, “Call me Zhao Hai or Brother Hai since I think I’m older than you. Also, you do know that these people are undead? While there certainly wouldn’t be a problem on my end, won’t it be troublesome for you?”

Laura shook her head and said, “Don’t worry, I already have an agreement with Grand Duke Evan. He also agreed with me about bringing some undead back.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, do you remember how Drunk had led two hundred undead in the past? Miss Laura, would two hundred undead be sufficient?”

Laura nodded and said, “It will suffice and be more than enough. Brother Hai, please also call me Laura instead of Miss Laura.” After calling him Brother Hai, she blushed a little but recovered soon after.

Zhao Hai nodded, turned around once again, looking towards Green. Green immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, so he nodded and said, “Ok. Anyway, Drunk and the undead look like any other human that roams the continent, and an average person wouldn’t even be able to recognize them. However, if Alodia himself checks, then perhaps he would be able to see them for what they really are.”

Zhao Hai nodded and transferred Drunk over. Before long, they appeared in the courtyard of Stony Mountain’s Bluestone Villa.

After Drunk and his team returned from the Carrion Swamp, they were ordered to guard Fort Iron Mountain. Since there were transfer points at Fort Iron Mountain and Stony Mountain, Zhao Hai didn’t need to have them enter the Space. Instead, as long as he intended for it, the Space could transfer them directly.

Seeing Drunk and his team appear in the courtyard, Zhai Hai turned to Laura and said, “These undead, Drunk and his team, were once a part of the Immortal Mercenary Corps that had attacked you back when I had saved you. They are now under my control, however, and I have turned them from skeletons into zombies. Right now, their battle efficiency should be equal to that of a Rank Seven Magician, thus they can be of help to you.

“These two hundred individuals with Drunk are mostly warriors, and they are the ones I had subdued during the battle against Garan. They are mostly Rank Seven warriors, and all of them are zombies that can use poison attacks through a skill called Corpse Virus. They should also be able to help you. Furthermore, the ones that had attacked you earlier by order of Carlo were all made into undead. However, I won’t let them go with you in order to avoid any further trouble.”

Laura hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai really had subdued the Immortal Mercenary Corps. She had thought that he’d let them escape back then. After what Zhao Hai had said, she was curious and asked, “Are they really the ones from the Immortal Mercenary Corps? Those in the yard?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes. Most of those two hundred and eight people outside were mercenary soldiers that had initially attacked me during the Garan incident. Now, however, they are all undead, but are still easy to recognize. I think that I should turn them into skeletons so that no one could easily identify them. ”

This undead ability was something that Zhao Had had just recently discovered. The Space had made all those skeletons into zombies, which gave Zhao Hai a headache. Due to the changes of the undead, it could cause suspicion from others. It was a good thing that Alien wasn’t altered. Because of that, Zhao Hai thought that the Space was intelligent enough to know that Alien was Zhao Hai’s personal ride Therefore, it hadn’t changed it’s appearance.

Later on, he also discovered that Alien could also turn into a zombie. Alien was probably smart enough not to change into a zombie and stay in the form of a skeleton. After several experiments, Zhao Hai found out that the Space had improved the biology of the undead, and they could now switch between a skeleton or zombie form.

When Laura and Nier came out of the villa, Searle stood stupidly in the courtyard. There was no other way for him to react. A white light continually flashed out, sending teams of mercenary warriors to appear in the courtyard. Not waiting for them to react, this team of mercenary warriors, led by a few people wearing magic robes, instantly transformed into skeletons. Searle understood that these mercenary warriors weren’t of the living, but of the dead.

Laura hadn’t seen this change. She only saw the eight magicians leading two hundred skeletons standing before her. Laura curiously observed the eight magicians, but in the end, she couldn’t find any clues to their identity. Drunk and them all wore black magician robes that hid their features, causing Laura to be unable to find out anything.

Laura turned around and ordered Searle and his men, “Everything you have just seen at Mister’s place is not permitted to be divulged to the outside. Do you understand what I said?” All of them immediately complied. These people were all carefully selected by Laura, thus they were highly trusted by her. They would put their lives on the line for Laura, and were therefore allowed to accompany her to Stony Mountain.

Zhao Hai wore his magic robe again, smiled, but didn’t say anything to Laura. Laura observed for a while and didn’t found anything. After that, she re-entered the villa with Zhao Hai.

They sat down and Zhao Hai turned his head towards Laura, saying, “If you need more people there, just tell me. I have a lot of manpower right now and can move then at a moment’s notice. Oh, right. Before I forget, I also have a matter to ask of you. This is a thing that I have handwritten and drawn up. I want you to find people who can help me accomplish this thing.” Zhao Hai took out a sample of the marriage certificate that he had made and gave it to Laura. There were characters written above that stated where the word marriage certificate should be printed.

Laura received the sample and looked at it. She immediately understood the use of it. This made her curious so she asked, “What does Brother Hai intend to do with this?”

Zhao Hai smiled. “Nothing much. Just that in my territory, some people haven’t gotten married yet. Therefore, I made this for them. Ha ha.”

When the Buda clan entered the Black Waste, they were accompanied by a hundred slaves. This was known by everyone on the continent. Laura had thought that Zhao Hai already made them into undead, but now she knew that wasn’t the case.

* * *



www.asianovel.com


Chapter 190 – Warning, Threaten

When Laura came down from Stony Mountain, besides the guards that followed behind her, there were also two hundred and eight undead. With the exception of the undead magicians, the others wore warrior clothing and moved quickly. They dashed behind Laura, and, unexpectedly, weren’t any slower than Laura’s horses.

Laura wasn’t paying any attention to these undead. Instead, she looked at the sample blueprint of the marriage certificate Zhao Hai had made. One could say that this was quite simple and could be done using thick paper. He wanted it to be red-colored with a few words of golden text printed on top, which was also quite simple. Laura, however, was actually lost in her thoughts. This lasted for quite some time.

Nier looking at Laura puzzledly. She didn’t understand what was so attractive about this paper. The piece of paper only had simple things written on it; nothing remarkable about that.

While Nier couldn’t understand, Laura did. This piece of paper might be simple, but it represented so much.

There had never been a marriage certificate on the continent that was given out when people married. After the ceremony was over, although there was a kind of marriage certificate given, it was mostly attached to the engagement itself. There was no marriage certificate for after the wedding.

This marriage certificate Zhao Hai had made, however, was proof that the two people were a legally married couple. What was more amazing was that this document could be taken to Zhao Hai and used to ask for a divorce if they were no longer compatible with one another. As long as it was approved, they would no longer be husband and wife.

If it were before, Laura wouldn’t have thought that this thing was useful. Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to enforce monogamy, so what was the use of this paper? But when Zhao Hai gave that piece of paper to her, Laura somehow felt a greater desire for that piece of paper.

Nier couldn’t stand it anymore, so she waved at Laura. “Young Lady, haven’t you had enough of sightseeing the periphery of Stony Mountain? You have been watching for over an hour.”

Laura recovered, blushed, and hurriedly stored the sample paper. She looked at Nier and said, “Nier, why do you think Brother Hai gave me this blueprint?”

Nier wasn’t stupid and understood what Laura meant. She look at her and teasingly said, “Young Lady, are you lovesick? Mister also let you call him Brother Hai. To make you call him Brother Hai, ah… how shameless.”

Nier knew of Laura’s sentiment for more than just a few days. As such, she could speak as such to her. Laura didn’t get angry at Nier and instead said, “You silly girl. If I really marry Brother Hai, then you won’t be able to escape. Some people might be tricked by your small and hurt appearance, but Brother Hai might be in favor of it.”

Laughter filled the air afterwards. They soon arrived outside Casa City not long after. The garrison at the city gates were surprised to see so many undead coming along with Laura, but they had already been given orders by Evan. They didn’t stop the group and let them pass.

Laura’s action this time around caused a huge commotion inside Casa City. Bringing in a large army of undead and blatantly marching them through the streets was daring, and also quite rare.

There were many onlookers watching Laura, but everyone on the continent knew that black magicians could use skeletons, thus nobody was scared.

Laura rampantly led the undead into the city, which was intentional. She believed that Carlo already knew that those who had attacked her were already dead. Although Carlo was very arrogant, he wasn’t stupid. It was impossible for him to only send in two threads. He had certainly sent other spies.

This time around, Laura came back with a lot of undead, so those spies would understand immediately that she stood together with Zhao Hai. Upon seeing that the garrison of Casa City had also allowed them in meant that the Purcell clan stood with them too. What she was doing right now was demonstrating this.

Soon, the carriage arrived at Faith Mansion. Faith Mansion wasn’t large, so having two hundred undead arriving made it very crowded. Quinn John, however, had already received an advanced notification about this. Thus, he had finished the arrangements already.

Apart from Drunk’s eight, the other undead were arranged nearby, outside the mansion walls. They wouldn’t feel cold anyway, so being stationed at the walls was ok. They seemed like a row of statues, though these statues looked a bit scary.

Alodia watched Laura, whom had just come back. Seeing that she had brought so many undead made him feel that something was wrong. Although they didn’t know much about Zhao Hai, they knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t a weak black magician. Laura went out, came back, and had brought a lot of undead. They knew that this was certainly related to Zhao Hai.

Moreover, why did Laura bring back so many undead this time around? Those undead didn’t appear to be of low level, so was she really thinking of breaking off from the clan?

As he thought this, a servant came to Alodia and told him that he was asked to meet with Laura. He calmed down, straightened his clothes, and walked towards Laura’s studyroom.

Upon arriving at the door to the study, Alodia gawked as he saw that standing in front of Laura’s study were two skeletons, one on either side of the door. They looked as though black jade had been used to carve them.

Besides the two skeletons, there was also Searle standing there. Looking at this scene, Alodia’s face sunk as he said to Searle, “Steward Alodia is ready to meet with the Young Lady.”

As Alodia watched Searle’s expression, he knew that his fears had happened today. Alodia knew what Reo was to do if he couldn’t leave the mansion, but it seems that the task wasn’t successful.

Alodia nodded with an ugly expression and walked into the study. He looked inside and saw that there was only Laura, Quinn John, and Nier. There were no others present.

“I have seen the Young Lady,” Alodia courteously greeted Laura.

Laura sat back behind the desk and looked into Alodia’s eyes, saying, “You arrived in my mansion, therefore, you must follow the rules of the mansion. Otherwise even Fifth Uncle wouldn’t be able to save you. As long as you follow the rules of the mansion, I won’t treat you badly. Do you understand and remember what I just said?”

Alodia looked back at Laura and said, “Young Lady, we are servants of the Fifth Young Master and have come here to visit the Young Lady, not to work as a servant for the Young Lady. Now that I have seen the Young Lady, this little one wishes to go back. I ask for the Young Lady’s consent.”

Laura looked at Alodia and said, “Stay here for some time. These days, the outside isn’t too peaceful. Today, I had just left the mansion and was unexpectedly attacked. Moreover, the strength of those people wasn’t weak. If I let you go out now, and an accident were to occur, then I wouldn’t be able to face Fifth Uncle. As such, stay here for a period of time. I’ll let you leave after things calm down. You can go back now.”

Alodia listened to what Laura said and an eyelid couldn’t help but unconsciously jump. What Laura meant was very clear. Laura was giving him a warning, threatening him. You people had attacked me, but I had survived. Your attacks were defeated. Now she said that outside wasn’t peaceful. This means that if he were to leave Casa City, she would kill him and let him die in vain.

Alodia wasn’t stupid. He knew that he was currently in Laura’s territory. It was impossible for him to fight Laura. They would never have thought that Laura’s strength would have increased to such a height already. Now, he could only hope that Carlo would quickly hear the news and save them.

Earlier this morning, when they were told by Quinn John to stay put in the mansion, Alodia had sent a wind falcon to inform Carlo. He estimated that Carlo should have received the message by now. He would never have thought, however, that the wind falcon he’d sent had already become food for the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms.

Laura couldn’t attack all of the wind falcons that flew out of Casa City, however. Such a move would offend a lot of people. Therefore, Laura also knew that Carlo would soon enough receive the message.

After she came back, she didn’t directly go to the Grand Duke’s Mansion. Instead, she sent someone to inform Grand Duke Evan that Zhao Hai had agreed to form an alliance. She believed that once Grand Duke Evan received the news, he would know what to do next.

Alodia was worthy of being a steward of Carlo as he bore it patiently. After hearing what Laura said, he nodded and replied, “Yes, Young Lady. Then, please excuse me.”

Laura nodded and said, “Alright. Tell your people not to go out without my permission. A lot of undead have come with me here and these undead do not recognize people. If any of your people decide to leave, they could possibly be killed.”

Alodia lowered his head and complied, slowly drawing back as he knew he couldn’t do anything. If he did move, then he would be the same as courting death. Looking at Laura’s expression, it showed that she didn’t mind killing them.

Watching Alodia retreat, Quinn John looked at Laura and said, “Laura, are you alright? I saw the arrow marks on the carriage. It seems to have been a very fierce attack.”

Laura shook her head and said, “It’s alright. Brother Hai came to my rescue. Grandpa Quinn John, please sit down. I have to tell you about Brother Hai’s situation.”

Quinn John nodded as he also wanted to know these matters. Upon Laura’s arrival, he had been summoned immediately, so there hadn’t been any time to explain things to him.

Laura sat besides Quinn John, then ordered Searle to move further away. Quinn John understood the meaning of this, as it showed that Zhao Hai’s identity must be extremely delicate

Quinn John had thought of a lot about Zhao Hai’s identity, but he never would have guessed that he was of the Buda clan. No wonder no one had found any of the Buda clan in the Black Waste; they had hid from everyone in the blink of an eye. Ah, so terrible.

After Laura told him everything, Quinn John slowly stood up and walked around aimlessly. He then said, “You handled this matter correctly. If Zhao Hai didn’t want you to know of their identity, then you wouldn’t know it. Others wouldn’t have been able to guess his current status, and we have cooperated with them without a problem.

“I also heard that Grand Duke Evan had been an old friend of the Buda clan and had helped them during their time of crisis. However, even if he asks for Zhao Hai’s identity, we shouldn’t say anything. To be safe, we shouldn’t tell anyone of this matter. So long as we are able to repel the Markey Dell clan, we will be able to gain a strong foothold here in the Purcell Duchy. But as Zhao Hai said, if you let others know of his identity, then even the Purcell clan wouldn’t be able to protect them. We are currently cooperating with them both, and before the alliance we were already on good terms.”

Laura gave a soft cry of agreement .





* * *


Chapter 191 – Within Two Days

Zhao Hai sat in the Spatial Villa’s living room. Standing behind him was Zhao En . He was once called Raeen  before, but his name was changed to Zhao En.

Zhao Hai didn’t want to ask him about anything else since Raeen had already told Zhao Hai what he needed to know. Zhao Hai now understood the strength behind Carlo, as well as his goal.

Markey Dell clan successors were each given their own territory. They were assigned to manage these territories, just like what Laura was doing here in the Purcell Duchy. Carlo’s share was the whole of the Aksu Empire, except for the Purcell Duchy.

The difference between just the Purcell Duchy and the entirety of the Aksu Empire was really large, and one could see the disparity between Karen and Carlo from this point.

Carlo’s days, however, weren’t so good, and it was due to the Purcell Duchy. The Aksu Empire was large, and they had already established their chain of Markey Dell stores. Moreover, the business was doing good. Although this seemed very favorable for Carlo, and he had a great deal of wealth in his hands, one shouldn’t forget that currently, the people working in these stores were all assigned by Sioux. As such, Carlo’s every action and movement were transparent, and he couldn’t fool them.

What’s more, these people held important positions, so Carlo couldn’t just move them easily. If Carlo wanting to fully control his territory, it would be impossible.

In the Purcell Duchy, however, there wasn’t such an issue since the Markey Dell clan didn’t have any stores there. Although Laura had began with a lot of hardships, she could at least control her own territory and wouldn’t allow others to meddle in it.

Carlo also wasn’t ordinary as he was the one who’d taken control of the Markey Dell clan’s chain of stores in the Aksu Empire. His strength grew very quickly. Besides not having a Rank Nine expert, he was still comparable to a middle ranked aristocrat since he had several Rank Eight experts on his side. This was all Raeen knew, and he didn’t know much since Carlo was a very careful person. Thus, he hadn’t even trusted Raeen fully.

The reason why Carlo had noticed the Purcell Duchy was because of the pest crisis. The news of it had since been spread throughout the Aksu Empire. This was a common practice for large businesses, and anyone with some status inside the Aksu Empire knew of it. With regards to the manipulations within the Purcell clan, the other great and powerful aristocrats were against it. Luckily, the Purcell clan had met Zhao Hai.

These people hadn’t placed much emphasis on the pest crisis, but rather, they noted the sudden appearance of Zhao Hai. They all had the same sort of questions, such as where had Zhao Hai come from? Where was he producing his commodities?

When Laura started selling the Taoyuan products, these people soon realized how big an opportunity this was. They were also aware, however, that it was due to the Purcell clan’s kindness that Zhao Hai had a place to call home   .

This time around, the Purcell clan’s loss wasn’t small, and these people knew that Zhao Hai’s products were a great opportunity. The Purcell clan also knew of this, however. Now, moving against Zhao Hai was tantamount to slapping the Purcell clan in the face. Although the Purcell clan couldn’t be considered a very large clan, after many years of development they could still be recognized as one of the great aristocrats. The clan had two Rank Nine experts, so no one would dare look down on them.

It was due to this that no one had thought of using Zhao Hai as a business opportunity. Going against a respected aristocratic clan wasn’t something that the other established great aristocratic clans were capable of.

Carlo, however, didn’t have such a layer of scruples. He needed this opportunity. Right now, within the Markey Dell clan, he was the weakest among the three top successors. He needed to quickly increase his strength. That was why he had sent Alodia and Raeen. He thought that as long as those two moved, Laura would certainly comply. When the time came, Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to run freely and would be taken in.

He hadn’t thought that they would fail to coordinate against Laura, even to the extent of shutting Alodia up and confining him. Raeen had known that this matter was bad as they had wanted to kidnap Laura and use her to find a way to take over Zhao Hai.

Naturally, if Laura resisted intensely, then they weren’t afraid of taking her life. So long as Laura dies, the business within the Purcell Duchy would become headless. Perhaps they could even take over the entire Purcell Duchy’s industry without a problem. They hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would send his Eagle Virtuous Phantasms at the scene of the ambush. All those that died have now become his undead.

This information had some uses for Zhao Hai, but it wasn’t too significant. Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t care much for it. After having asked Zhao En, he moved back inside the Space. He watched the eagles as they advanced forwards through their route. He didn’t want to make any more mistakes, else he certainly wouldn’t be able to reach Flower City.

Green and the others, whom were sitting in front of Zhao Hai, didn’t speak of anything. After some time, Green said, “Young Master, I think the issue about us telling our identity to Miss Laura wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. Miss Laura should have a sense of proportion. Moreover, she took many undead from us. Thus, if Miss Laura does have bad intentions against us, we will know ahead of time.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m not worried about Laura betraying us. What I was thinking about is our alliance with the Purcell clan. Although it can be said that Evan was good to us, look at it this way; Evan is a very competent politician. If he became aware of our identities, he might just give us some trouble.”

Green shook his head and said, “That shouldn’t be the case. If Miss Laura indeed won’t betray us, then she won’t tell Evan about our identity. Thus, it’s impossible for Evan to know.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “I do hope so. Also, Zhao En told me things about Carlo’s situation. I don’t mind Carlo’s strength alone, but having understood his portion of strength, I fear that the whole Markey Dell clan’s power is very high. It seems like this time, we might have met with some hard stubble.”

Green coldly snorted and said, “It’s not an extraordinary matter. So long as we are cooperating with the Purcell clan, the Markey Dell clan won’t easily move against us. A Rank Nine expert won’t be easy to get rid of. And then there are the many Rank Eight experts within the Purcell clan. We still have a little power to restrict them with.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He looked at the terrain on the screen and checked the map. Taking a deep breath, he said, “I only hope that Carlo won’t start moving within the next few days. According to the map, we can arrive at Flower City in about two days. I hope Carlo will give us enough time.”

Green also looked at the screen and checked the map. He nodded and said, “Looking at the terrain on the map, we should arrive at Flower City the day after tomorrow. During this period, no one should leave the Space.”

“Well, let’s have Zhao En look at the situation,” Zhao Hai said, nodding. “If there is anything when we go out, he can immediately tell us about it. I’m worried that while we are going to Flower City, there may be Rank Nine magic beasts or undead that might attack us.”

Green frowned and said, “It’s better if they won’t attack us, otherwise it will be difficult for us to go to Flower City. I’m hoping that this time, we can also have the same luck Buffy had last time.”

The people in the room didn’t believe in Green’s words. Green also knew that Buffy had been a Rank Nine expert magician. As such, those other Rank Nine experts didn’t want to annoy him in order to avoid any further confrontation. The Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, however, weren’t Rank Nine. They might be Rank Six, strictly speaking, and them braving through the territory of Rank Nine experts would be very dangerous.

The dignity of Rank Nine experts could not be taken lightly. Those who do would die without a doubt. Due to this, Zhao Hai was a lot more careful.

The people in the room had a few more conversations before he left the Spatial Villa. The Spacewas now Level 15, and altogether it had a total of 48 mu of land. Radishes were planted in 8 mu of the land, fruit oil trees in 10 mu, and bamboo rice for another 10 mu. He also planted corn in 10 mu of the land, and different plants were planted in the remaining 10 mu. He’d planted cabbages, potatoes that were called tuber blocks here in the Ark continent, sweet peppers, green lettuce, and olives, each on 2 mu of land   .

Oil fruit and bamboo rice were commodities that Laura normally needed. After keeping several for himself, the cabbages and potatoes were sold to Laura. He had to save up on some of these commodities. After all, the Taoyuan products were very popular on the continent, thus there might come a time when he couldn’t supply the commodities needed.

He only needed to check on things and the Space would handle it all for him. He needed to check, then accept, and then point some things out. In the end, Zhao Hai didn’t need to handle these matters much.

There was also nothing to do at Fort Iron Mountain since there were already people managing the mountain valley. The land near Fort Iron Mountain was also used by the slaves to plant things, so he didn’t need to worry.

The land near Fort Iron Mountain hadn’t been completely improved, only about 700,000 square meters    were. Aside from rewarding Chee and Schee the 7000 square meters, the remainder of the land was being planted with some ordinary vegetables by the slaves, not with magic vegetables. Although these ordinary vegetables were inferior to magic vegetables, their maturity time was shorter. As long as one could store them, vegetables like cabbage could be kept for a long time. It was autumn right now, so they would prepare it for the winter.

There was sufficient food, clothing, and food production from the Space for the coming winter. Adding in Laura’s cooperation in terms of selling the blue-eyed rabbit meat, and they’d accumulated a lot of rabbit fur. Furthermore, they also bought a lot of cotton clothing from Casa City. As such, there shouldn’t be any more problems.

Wood fuel wasn’t a problem either. Zhao Hai had saved a lot of fruit oil trees, corn stalks and corn cobs, and bamboo rice. They should have sufficient materials. The issue of drinking water was also mostly solved. Even if the moat    were to be frozen, there were mountain lakes, called tarns   . Even if the tarns were frozen, there was still Zhao Hai’s Space. Although it wasn’t good, you could also take water from ice   . Although they won’t be able to do anything much during the winter, eating wouldn’t be a problem.

In order to alleviate the fear of not being able to eat at all times, Zhao Hai had left behind some blue-eyed rabbits. This could improve their meals during the winter time. If you let the slaves of the other regions know about how the slaves lived, here in Black Waste, he feared that they might commit suicide out of envy.




* * *

Chapter 192 – Devouring Blood-Mosquito 

Things didn’t go as smoothly as Zhao Hai thought it would. As they were discussing things at noon the next day, the Eagles Virtuous Phantasms encountered an attack.

When Zhao Hai found out about the incident, he was at Fort Iron Mountain. Although there wasn’t too many matters that needed to be handled at Fort Iron Mountain, Zhao Hai still checked in every once in a while. After all, he was the one who owned the territory. In addition, he was also raising some blue-eyed rabbits there.

Aside from checking the blue-eyed rabbit farm, there was also the issue about cleaning the fort, taking out the trash, and so on. If one lived in a big fort, cleaning it was a must.

When Zhao Hai obtained the news from Zhao En, he had been observing the blue-eyed rabbits. The blue-eyed rabbits inside the mine tunnel were growing well, some of them even nearing maturity. The female slaves really took care of these blue-eyed rabbits outstandingly.

Upon hearing Zhao En’s report, Zhao Hai immediately returned to the Space. He looked at the screen in the living room and found that the eagles were being attacked by a group of magic insects.

Magic insects were also able to fly, but common magic insects shouldn’t be able to fly so high. These magic insects that were attacking the eagles, however, were somewhat exceptional as they could fly as high as birds.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but examine the insects. These insects were as big as the palm of a human. Their proboscis  were as long as their bodies, and they looked seemingly like a larger version of a mosquito.

The bodies of these insects were red-colored, and they looked very aggressive. The quantity was stunning as they were in an extremely large group, probably around tens of millions or even a hundred million, blotting out the sky.

What made Zhao Hai really surprised was that these mosquito-like insects had a very strong offensive power. Presently, three of the Eagles Virtuous Phantasms already had their blood sucked dry and were falling from the sky.

Zhao Hai was surprised by these mosquitoes and turned his head to look at Green. “Does Grandpa Green know anything about these mosquitoes? Why is it that in the magic beast encyclopedia that Miss Laura sent, there wasn’t anything like this?”

Green shook his head and said, “I haven’t seen anything like them. The attack power of these mosquitoes is also strong. They’re red colored, which resembles Toxic-fire Mosquitoes   , but their attacking power has too much of a difference compared to these mosquitoes. This is really strange.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I have also seen the introduction of the Toxic-fire Mosquitoes. Compared to these large mosquitoes, the Toxic-fire Mosquitoes cannot fly more than 100 meters high. Looking at these mosquitoes, however, they can fly as high as a bird, plus they are also strong.”

Green nodded. This time, the other eagle fell to the ground. Only the one holding the Ghost Cane remained.

Zhao Hai thought, “Use Pesticide.” This was certainly not him speaking to Green, but to the Ghost Cane. The Ghost Cane gave off a green flash, then a green-colored smog came out from the Ghost Cane and covered the magic insects.

Zhao Hai hadn’t thought that these mosquitoes would unexpectedly be alright after being covered by the pesticide and continue their attack on the eagle. Seemingly, the pesticide didn’t have any effect on them.

Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment, but immediately said, “Earth Shield   .” After uttering the words, a brown defensive shield appeared outside the body of the eagle, blocking those mosquitoes. Zhao Hai relaxed a little.

Zhao Hai was puzzled as to why these mosquitoes weren’t afraid of the poison, when suddenly, Green gasped. Zhao Hai looked at the screen, his expression turning serious. The Earth Shield was now covered by mosquitoes. As they sucked it down to their stomachs, the Earth Shield began to distinctly thin. The change was visible to the naked eye.

Zhao Hai’s complexion changed. He certainly knew what this situation meant. He saw that the magic elements of the Earth Shield were being sucked out by the mosquitoes, thinning the Earth Shield.

These mosquitoes could unexpectedly absorb magic energy? What variety were they? How have I never heard of them before?

Green’s complexion also changed as he said, “Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes! They are Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes!”

Zhao Hai was shocked for a moment, his complexion changing as he finally remembered these mosquitoes. These mosquitoes was actually referenced in the magic beast encyclopedia that Laura had given to him, but were only described a little bit. This didn’t mean, however, that these mosquitoes weren’t fierce. On the contrary, these mosquitoes were very aggressive. There wasn’t enough information about them, however, only a little bit. When book stated the danger posed by these mosquitoes, it was, in theory, around the danger level posed by a Rank Eight magic beast.

The characteristics of these mosquitoes was a strong defense, strong attack, high speed, and high-altitude flight. They have magical blood, take decreased damage from general attacks, and their proboscis ignored energy defenses. Whether it were a magic shield or a battle qi shield, if you bumped into them, then they could suck the energy right into their stomach. Furthermore, they could fly high, as high as birds, and weren’t any slower than birds. They had only been seen a few times on the continent, so there wasn’t that much information about them.

These mosquitoes had only appeared several times on the continent, but the first time it happened, the results were disastrous. Several millions, or even billions of them had appeared. At the places they infested, no matter if it were animals or humans, none escaped, even by luck. The most frightening incident happened at a medium city, wherein all humans and animals were sucked dry, turning the place into a ghost city.

Blood magic    was the strangest kind of magic. Strictly speaking, blood magic was a category of black magic. At present, however, only a few black magicians knew of blood magic since blood magic was truly too strange. If black magic was the strangest among all types of magic, then blood magic was the strangest among all types of black magic. The attack power of this magic was great, its defensive capabilities weren’t weak, but its strongest suit was its regenerative ability.

Blood magic was very difficult to cultivate as it needed various sources of blood. Having the blood of a high ranked magic beast makes a black magic cultivator stronger. If a cultivator were to choose a blood source, they should strike at a high level magic beast. However, doing such a thing wasn’t a joke. As such, since the beginning of blood magic cultivation among humans, they had only ever used blood of other humans. Due to this, the regenerative abilities of blood magic cultivators was very powerful. In case you reached the Blood Night    grade height, then even amputation could be regenerated. Due to the nature of its cultivation, magic instructors on the continent prohibited its use.

It was precisely because of blood magic that up until now, no one on the continent had found a way to effectively deal with these Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes.

Due to their use of blood magic, Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes could use the Blood Poison    skill to attack. This skill was formidable. Once blood was poisoned by it, death awaited them, even if they weren’t sucked dry by the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes. Death would be caused by the bursting of arteries within the whole body, which happened in less than one third of a moment   .

Zhao Hai’s complexion changed. He shouted with a cold voice “Sea of Flames Technique   .” This technique was a fire element magic area of effect spell. The effective attack range was between 10 to 50 meters.

If there was any magic that could deal with Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes, it should be fire element-based magic. Moreover, this was an area of effect attack.

The effect wouldn’t be very good if the Sea of Flames Technique was cast by a Rank Five fire element magician or lower. In such a case, the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes wouldn’t be affected. If the rank was too low, then it could not break through the defenses of the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes.

Right now, however, the Ghost Cane’s attack power was equivalent to a Rank Seven magician. Thus, it should be somewhat effective against these Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes.

After knowing that he was up against Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes, Zhao Hai understood why the pesticide wasn’t effective against them. It was due to the fact that these mosquitoes themselves were poison experts. They had high immunity against toxins. Common toxins would be useless against them.

Sure enough, after casting the Sea of Flames Technique, a large number of the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes were burned to death. The number of mosquitoes was just too much, however, and they weren’t afraid to die. The flapping eagle that was surrounded by the Sea of Flames Technique would not be able to stop them for too long.

Zhao Hai watched the situation, frowned, then said, “Wind Bind Technique   ”.

Wind Bind Technique was a single-use spell, and was also an area of effect spell. It could bind up to 20 targets. This preliminary wind element magic spell was a spell that was difficult to deal with.

Green had been observing the situation outside. Like Zhao Hai, he had also thought of using the Sea of Flames Technique. No matter what, it should be effective against the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes. He wasn’t sure, however, why Zhao Hai had suddenly switched to the Wind Bind Technique.

Zhao Hai’s target this time were only ten mosquitoes. After all, the Wind Bind technique was only a preliminary magic spell. If you used it to bind more targets, the binding strength would become weaker.

After binding ten mosquitoes, with Zhao Hai’s intent, he moved the eagle along with the ten mosquitoes back into the Space.

Upon entry of the eagle and the mosquitoes, the Space immediately prompted in a beeping tone:

[Discovered mutated insects.

Identified insects as mosquitoes.

Digitizing insects.

Incorporating mosquitoes into the discharge device.

Insect’s body has magical energy.

Toxic substance detected.

Extracting magical energy.

Extracting toxic substances.

Strengthening robotic attack.

Strengthening robotic defense.

Increasing robotic regenerative capacities.

Increasing Space animal reproduction abilities.

Increasing Space animal attack capabilities.

Strengthening biochemical battle beast regeneration, attack, and defensive capabilities.

Strengthening biochemical battle beast ability to absorb magical energy.

Increasing Space’s energy absorption capacity.

Improvement has been done to toxic pesticides.]

The long list of tones made Zhao Hai confused after hearing them. In summary, there were only a few things to note. Firstly, after the mosquitoes were discharged, the mosquitoes that were produced would be Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes. Secondly, the defense and attack capabilities of the Space animals, magic beasts, and undead increased along with their regeneration capabilities. Although, it wouldn’t be that strong.

There was also the strengthening of the battle efficiency of the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms, along with an increase to their defensive capabilities and regeneration ability. One notable change was that these Eagle Virtuous Phantasms had gotten the ability of the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes, which was to absorb the battle qi and magic energy of their enemies.

Moreover, the pesticide’s toxicity was also strengthened. Now, these pesticides should be able to deal with those Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes.

However, one point Zhao Hai wasn’t clear of was what it meant when it said that the Space’s ability to absorb energy was also strengthened. Does that mean the Space could absorb energy from the outside?

Although he wasn’t clear about what that prompt meant   , the advantages they got this time around was obvious. It was, however, a pity that these mosquitoes were evaluated as harmful insects or pests, and thus couldn’t be raised in the ranch, and, in turn, couldn’t increase the level of the ranch. It was really a big pity.





* * *
Chapter 193



Zhao Hai relaxed a little. With regards to the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes, Zhao Hai was still a bit wary of them since they usually came in very large numbers, then disappeared quickly. It was impossible for a single one mosquito to be evaluated as a Rank Eight magic beast when just considering its destructive power. Instead, they were rated as Rank Two magic beasts.

Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes were hard to deal with, however, and were even stronger than usual Rank Eight magic beasts. Some people even believed that a horde of Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes should be evaluated as a Rank Nine magic beast.

The strength of the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes was something that not even the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms could cope with. It would also be impossible for Green to deal with them. If there wasn’t the Space, then Green facing these Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes would just result in his death.

Zhao Hai immediately asked Buffy, but Buffy said that during that time when he’d explored, he hadn’t met with any Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes. This caused Zhao Hai’s heart to feel somewhat restless.

At the moment, he wasn’t in the mood to control many of these mosquitoes. When the mosquitoes outside saw the disappearance of the eagle, they didn’t actually stop their aggressiveness. Instead, they moved about restlessly in every direction. Evidently, they wouldn’t go away in just a short amount of time.

With Zhao Hai’s intent, he made the eagle, which had just returned to the Space, come back out again, carrying the Ghost Cane.

As the eagle left the Space, Zhao Hai coldly said, “Discharge Pesticide.” Layers of green mist sprayed out of the Ghost Cane. It was different this time around when compared to what happened previously. The pesticide had been useless against the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes before, but now, this pesticide made the mosquitoes look drunk as they swung about in the air a few times before tilting downward and crashing into the ground.

The amount of green mist increased more and more, and the mosquitoes fell like rain from the sky. There were a lot of them falling. Following the eagle, more and more of the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes fell from the air until the screen was almost empty of the mosquitoes.

Zhao Hai and Green were relieved. To be honest, the overwhelming number of mosquitoes had given them a great pressure. Now that they had found a method to deal with those mosquitoes, their hearts felt loose.

Those Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes soon found out that there was something wrong with the smog, thus, they stayed far from the green smog. With that, the path ahead had unexpectedly become clear.

Before long, the eagle escaped the encirclement of the mosquitoes. Since the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes didn’t pursue, Zhao Hai felt that they had been really affected by the pesticide.

Zhao Hai felt relieved, but still watched the scenery from the screen as he was wary that the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes might come back. Fortunately, after the eagle left the area of the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes, those mosquitoes hadn’t pursued.

Zhao Hai and Green felt assured as they sat on the sofa while watching the screen . Green smiled and said, “I had never expected that we would be meeting those Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes here. Fortunately we have the Space, else we would have been defeated.”

Zhao Hai smiled and replied, “If we hadn’t met with these mosquitoes, then we wouldn’t have gotten so many benefits. Ha-ha. Now that we have some Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes, we have another means to save our lives.”

Green smiled and said, “Yes, however, we mustn’t use these Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes carelessly. After all, they are too fierce and can easily affect the continent. If we used them carelessly,then we might find ourselves in troublesome situations.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Yes, although those Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes are powerful, they are in no way comparable to a Rank Nine expert. But still, having a large-scale area of effect attack is nice to have.”

As they were in discussion, the eagle that flew forward suddenly screamed pitifully and fell from the sky. While the eagle was falling, it’s body suddenly burst, changing into a fog of blood that dissipated afterwards.

The Ghost Cane dropped down from the sky, though it didn’t hit the ground as it unexpectedly hovered in the air.

Zhao Hai and Green, both of whom had been carefully watching the screen, were shocked. They didn’t know what just happened. Just as Zhao Hai was about to retrieve the Ghost Cane , Green suddenly said, “Young Master, don’t move. It must be a Rank Nine expert as only they can suddenly kill the eagle just like that. This appears to have been an attack by a Rank Nine expert.”

Zhao Hai stilled and didn’t recover the Ghost Cane. Remember that the Ghost Cane was bound to him, so even a Rank Nine expert wouldn’t have any way of using it. As long as he wanted to, he could easily take it back at any time.

Due to this, he wasn’t too worried about it being taken. He wanted to have a look at what that Rank Nine expert was, as he hadn’t been able to observe a Rank Nine expert closely   .

Green’s words made Meirin and others quite tense   . All of them motionlessly watched the screen, wondering what kind of Rank Nine expert it was.

They were very clear that this couldn’t be a Rank Nine Terran    expert, as they didn’t have a foothold here in the Carrion Swamp.

No matter what their race was, however, as long as they reached Rank Nine, they would receive the proper respect. Even if it were a magic beast, so long as they were able to reach Rank Nine, then their intelligence would be the same as humans. Furthermore, they could observe their surrounding using their divine sense   . Thus, no matter what race it were, they would be regarded as deities on the continent.

Before long, a giant Devouring Blood-Mosquito appeared in front of them. This Devouring Blood-Mosquito was very large, around 10 meters in height. It had a red colored body and its crystal-like wings were curved, glittering and translucent. What Zhao Hai felt was a lot more strange was it’s unexpectedly coiled proboscis, which was currently rolled up and stuck to its head.

The Ghost Cane stopped in front of the giant mosquito. The giant mosquito observed it carefully, its movements resembling that of a curious animal.

Zhao Hai turned his head towards Green and said, “Grandpa Green, what should we do? If we retrieve the Ghost Cane right now, I fear that we will have a lot more difficulty in reaching the Flower City.”

Green understood what Zhao Hai meant, this giant mosquito should have a secret and inseparable relationship with those smaller Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes. They had killed a lot of those smaller mosquitoes and had also retrieved the eagle back into the Space. This giant mosquito would certainly know if they retrieve the Ghost Cane back into the Space. Afterwards, this giant mosquito would certainly be waiting. Sadly, the Ghost Cane wouldn’t be able to reach the Flower City at that time.

Zhao Hai could release undead or magic beasts while ordering the Ghost Cane to move quickly and proceed on its route. Unfortunately, there was no way for them to hide against the divine sense of this giant mosquito. One must know that a Rank Nine magic beast’s divine sense was a lot stronger when compared to a Rank Nine Terran expert.

If they don’t continue forward on this route, then they could only return to Fort Iron Mountain and re-enter the Carrion Swamp. It would be the same as saying that everything they’d done had all been in vain.

There was also another issue. If they withdrew now from the Carrion Swamp, then they could not follow the map that Buffy drew afterwards. If they don’t follow the map, then they would have to erratically change their route and find their way, which might cause them not to be able to reach Flower City   .

A Rank Nine could live a long life. Up till now, nobody had calculated up to what age they could live to. In any case, they could have a thousand children and live up to 800 years of age. And this was only for Terrans. As for how long a magic beast could live up to, no one knows. They feared that when the time came that the Buda clan faced immediate destruction, this giant mosquito would probably still be alive.

If they decided to wait for the giant mosquito to leave before heading to Flower City, then that would be impossible. Rank Nine experts tended to do close-door cultivation in order to understand the heavens, and to one day find the road to reach the Rank Ten God level. They can cultivate in any place, and for an unknown amount of time. Therefore, waiting for the giant mosquito to leave would not be a good option.

Green felt it was strange that Buffy hadn’t encountered this giant mosquito previously, and yet, they had met it this time around.

What Green and the others didn’t know was that the reason this giant mosquito hadn’t appeared back then was due to the threat Buffy represented. Now, however, there wasn’t any threat so it appeared.

There had been a lot of Rank Nine experts that had ventured into the Carrion Swamp, but most of them weren’t able to reach Flower City. Most of the Rank Nine experts that explored were killed by the colorful poisoned smog of the Carrion Swamp, and only a very few have ever reached Flower City.

Buffy was unexpectedly lucky during the time he’d explored, thus he’d been able to reach Flower City. Unfortunately, he had attacked the flower and it’s vines, causing him to be assaulted and chased by Rank Nine experts. This was the reason why he’d turned back. He knew how dangerous Carrion Swamp was, so during his return he took the route he’d used when he’d entered. Later, the Rank Nine experts scattered. Originally, there weren’t any Rank Nine magic beasts around this area, but after Buffy ran, a Rank Nine expert had stayed to defend the place. This was the Rank Nine Giant Devouring Blood-Mosquito.

Zhao Hai certainly didn’t know of these reasons   , so they were worried right now. If they couldn’t get past the giant mosquito, then there was no way they could reach Flower City. Without reaching Flower City, they wouldn’t be able to solve the threat of the Carrion Swamp and there would never be peace in the Black Waste. All of this was interconnected.

Green and the others frowned. They understood that forcibly rushing through wouldn’t be right. They didn’t have any Rank Nine experts with them, and Green had previously been severely injured with just one attack from Buffy. Facing the giant mosquito, which was evidently not weaker than Buffy, and rushing past it would only be courting death   .

They also weren’t willing to retreat. Since they had already reached this far and only needed a little more time to reach Flower City, retreating would be a pity.

After some time, Zhao Hai breathed in deeply, turned his head to Green, and said, “Grandpa Green, does this Devouring Blood-Mosquito, being a Rank Nine magic beast, have the intelligence of a human?”

Green nodded and said, “It isn’t that highly intelligent, but they are smarter than most humans. Young Master, what do you intend to do?”

Zhao Hai replied, “I will go out and have a chat with it   . Dragging this matter isn’t a good idea.”

Green was shocked for a moment. His complexion changed as he said, “No, absolutely not. Young Master, that is a Rank Nine expert. Just a little mistake and you’ll die. You cannot meet with such an accident.”

Zhao Hai knitted his brow and said, “What should we do then? Always waiting isn’t a good idea, and if we retreat then we might not find Flower City in our lifetime. Then the Black Waste won’t have peace.”

Green frowned as he certainly understood the situation, however, he couldn’t think of a good solution. In any case, Zhao Hai wasn’t allowed to meet with the giant mosquito as it was too dangerous.


* * *


Chapter 194 – Subduing the Giant Mosquito

Silence filled the living room of the Spatial Villa. Everyone didn’t make any noise. It could be said that they had fallen into a hopeless situation. If this matter wasn’t handled properly, then the threat of the Carrion Swamp would be a problem for who knows how long.

Zhao Hai was silent for a while, then he stood up and slowly walked outside the Spatial Villa.Green’s expression changed as he followed closely behind Zhao Hai. Meirin observed the expression of the two of them while she thought about what Zhao Hai said. Her complexion changed as well and immediately suggested, “Young Master, let Green go.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I will go. If Grandpa Green goes and he is attacked by the giant mosquito, my reaction would be delayed and Grandpa Green would be in danger. If I go, however, then with just a single thought I can come back. This isn’t the case for Grandpa Green.”

Green turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, let me go with you so that if there is any danger, I can cover for you.”

Zhao Hai turned around and looked at Green. “Grandpa Green, you will stay here. I am the Clan Lord of the Buda clan, so this sort of a situation should be faced by me. I cannot always hide at the back. Please relax; I assure you that I’ll be fine. If something were to happen, then you must find a place to hide and, a few years after my death, go look for a child and tell everyone that he was my child and have him inherit the position of Clan Lord of the Buda clan.”

Green’s complexion changed. Meg’s eyes had tears falling as she moved to Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Young Master, let me go with you.” Zhao Hai turned around and looked at Meg, then shook his head.

Meg moved to decisively hug Zhao Hai, refusing to release him. At this time, she didn’t say anything. She just held on to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Meg’s appearance, then forced a smile. Woodhead and Stonehead also arrived beside Zhao Hai. They both didn’t say anything, instead taking out their great swords. Lifting the sword in their grips, they then placed it on their necks.

Zhao Hai patted his head and told the two, “You both can’t change the pattern of your moves. This time, if that giant mosquito really wants to attack us, then even if you both stand in front of me, what can you do?”

Green lightly laughed as he said, “Young Master, things have come down to this point. You don’t need to say anything else. I think we should all go out. If something were to really happen, then we will all die together.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t bear it anymore. He looked at Green and said, “Grandpa Green, how can you even say that. Haven’t you understood? If I have an accident, the Buda clan won’t disappear. If we all died together, however, then the Buda clan is finished.”

Green looked at Zhao Hai with teary eyes. He took a deep breath while holding in his emotions. Turning to Woodhead and Stonehead, he said, “Both of you, put down your swords and don’t insist on going with the Young Master. If something were to happen, Zhao Hai would be delayed in pulling you in and his movement will be affected. Meg, you go and follow the Young Master.”

Woodhead and Stonehead both placed down their swords. Zhao Hai nodded to them and, with his intent, the Ghost Cane appeared in his hand. Meg and himself disappeared from outside theSpatial Villa.

The reason why Zhao Hai had to retrieve the Ghost Cane first was because it was currently in front of the giant mosquito. The giant mosquito, however, was flying through the sky. If they directly exited the Space, they would be airborne and would just fall to their deaths immediately since they couldn’t fly .

The giant mosquito was surprised. It was a Rank Nine expert, but the Ghost Cane suddenly vanished from its grasp. At the same time, a man and a woman suddenly appeared on the ground below him, and the male held that Ghost Cane.

Zhao Hai looked at the giant mosquito and shouted at the top of his lungs, “Buda clan’s Clan lord Zhao Hai Buda seeks an audience with Senior.” A clan lord calling a Rank Nine expert senior wasn’t overrated. Even if it were the king of a country, if they even had a little understanding upon seeing a Rank Nine expert, they would call them senior.

The giant mosquito was astonished, then a flash of excitement streaked within its eyes. Though they didn’t see any movement, it arrived in front of Zhao Hai in the blink of an eye.

Its huge body completely oppressed Zhao Hai. He knew that hiding would be useless since sooner or later, they would be found out, so he just bowed to the giant mosquito and said, “Your honor, Zhao Hai Buda has seen Senior.”

The giant mosquito looked interestedly at Zhao Hai, then a voice gracefully resounded in Zhao Hai’s brain. What made him surprised was the voice was unexpectedly that of a female.

“Who are you? You don’t have much energy in your body, so how can you use that wand?” This female voice was very pleasant to listen to. As she spoke, it was seemingly like that of a knock on a golden bell, clearly conveying its humming, echoing sounds. If she were on Earth, she could be a superstar .

Zhao Hai hastily replied, “This little one is the Clan Lord of the Buda clan, Zhao Hai Buda, and this is my maidservant, Meg Buda. I don’t have much magic and battle qi, but in fact, I am a Divergent Warlock.”

“What’s a Divergent Warlock? This is so amusing.” The interest in the giant mosquito’s eyes grew thicker. Zhao Hai was shocked. After hearing the giant mosquito ask this with that clear voice, Zhao Hai understood. It seems that this giant mosquito, as a magic beast, was still quite young.

Zhao Hai looked at the giant mosquito. Suddenly, he thought that it didn’t seem too scary. He couldn’t help but smile and say, “Your honor, can you leave with me to another place as I can’t be at ease here.” After waving his hand, a spatial crack appeared beside him.

The giant mosquito looked at the spatial crack, her eyes flashing with curiosity. Zhao Hai, however, was actually sweating a lot. He was very clear that the level 2 magic beast, the Devouring Blood-Mosquito, had actually become a Rank Nine expert. That was to say, it hadn’t happened in just eight or ten years. A magic beast becoming a Rank Nine was more difficult than a human reaching it.

Although this giant mosquito sounded young, she certainly did not have a short life. If he allowed this giant mosquito to think he was scheming against her, then he would certainly be attacked.

Zhao Hai wanted to make the giant mosquito go inside the Space, but he didn’t know how. He already calculated things, however. With the Space here, even if the giant mosquito became aggressive towards him, he had a way to protect himself.

Seeing that the giant mosquito hadn’t said anything for a while, Zhao Hai hastily said, “Your honor, you don’t need to be worried. This is my divergent technique. I do not want to be disrespectful to your honor, thus, I invite your honor to come in.”

The giant mosquito carefully watched Zhao Hai, nodded, and then disappeared in a flash—vanishing through the spatial crack. Zhao Hai and Meg relaxed afterward and the both of them vanished at the same time.

Green and the others were standing in the living room while carefully watching what was happening outside. They couldn’t believe that Zhao Hai had actually persuaded the giant mosquito to enter the Space. They were surprised for a moment, then became joyous. They knew that the Space, even if it were the giant mosquito, would have a method to overturn the heavens and not let it out.

But a Rank Nine expert was always given respect. When Zhao Hai arrived outside the Spatial Villa, they were prepared to greet the giant mosquito.

The giant mosquito and Zhao Hai arrived inside the Space successively. The giant mosquito was curious as she looked left and right, just like a child.

Then the Space prompted in a tone:

[Discovered new insect.

The insect is a mosquito-shaped pest.

Battle efficiency is formidable.

Extracting advantages.

Improving cast mosquito’s proboscis ability.

Retaining its ontology   .]

Zhao Hai and the others quietly listened to the tone and they didn’t understood what it meant. Zhao Hai also didn’t understand. Then the giant mosquito flew in front of Zhao Hai, bowed, and said, “Master.”

Zhao Hai looked at the giant mosquito, his face filled with joy. “Did you just called me Master?”

The giant mosquito nodded. “Yes, Master.”

Zhao Hai was so excited that he almost fainted. He hadn’t thought that the Space could be this formidable, that even a Rank Nine expert could be subdued by it   .

Zhao Hai was also puzzled, however, as the first time he wanted Green to enter the Space, he hadn’t succeeded. Then afterwards, when he’d spoken to Green, that was the time Green was able to enter the Space. This was also the case with the slaves. At that time, it puzzled Zhao Hai. The giant mosquito, however, got in after only one try, and was also subdued   .

While Zhao Hai was still puzzled, the Space seemingly knew of his confusion and prompted a sound, transmitting:

[The Space is a farm space.

It has no attack.

Intelligent beings can voluntarily access the Space.

Or the Host can capture it outside.

The Space cannot forcibly do so.]

Zhao Hai smiled after the Space told him these matters. Originally, the Space wouldn’t be able to force intelligent beings to come inside, only if the being voluntarily entered, or if Zhao Hai had the ability to subdue the living thing. That was the only time the Space could subdue them, otherwise, it wouldn’t be able to.

Green and the slaves were beings that had wisdom, therefore, he couldn’t receive them. Alien was also a variation of undead. Although its rank wasn’t very high, it had intelligence, thus there was no way for the Space to take them in forcefully. It could only be subdued if they were caught by Zhao Hai. In the case of the giant mosquito, it had entered voluntarily.

Understanding these matters made Zhao Hai happy. He’d never thought that there would be such restrictions on the Space’s abilities. No wonder that initially, he wasn’t able to obtain the ability to permit the slaves to enter. As such, he didn’t have the ability to directly let the slaves into theSpace. Green’s case was also the same. Although this was how it was, as long as a creature entered the Space, the Space could help subdue them. This news, with regards to Zhao Hai, was absolutely very good.

Zhao Hai felt some regret, as the giant mosquito was identified by the Space as a pest, thus, he couldn’t breed and reproduce it. This was really a big letdown. If he could only raise giant mosquitoes inside the Space, then when the time comes, he could keep an army of Rank Nine giant mosquitoes   . When they were let out, those mosquitoes wouldn’t be afraid of death. With them around, it would be fun to look at who has the guts to move against the Buda clan   .

With this thought, Zhao Hai suddenly remembered what the Space had prompted. It had extracted the advantageous traits of the giant mosquito, and the Space also improved the cast mosquito’s proboscis. With that said, if the cast mosquito improved along with its proboscis, could it cast giant mosquitoes too?

Zhao Hai was excited and immediately said, “Cast Mosquito.”

The Ghost Cane emitted a projection above that said, ‘Please enter the quantity.’ It was followed by a blank space.

Zhao Hai quickly replied, “One.” He had just entered the value when suddenly, a mosquito appeared in front of him. The mosquito, however, wasn’t as big as what Zhao Hai had imagined it would be. It was only as big as the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes from before, and its whole body was bloody red, looking more similar to those Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be a bit disappointed upon seeing it.





* * *



Chapter 195 – Flower Protection Alliance 

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be disappointed, but calmed himself soon after thinking about it. If Rank Nine experts could so easily appear, then wouldn’t this world be in chaos?

Having said that, in a strict sense, this giant mosquito didn’t have many differences from other Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes. Most likely, it had just lived longer than them, and therefore became a Rank Nine expert. Looking at other aspects, there wasn’t anything really special.

Green and the others gave Zhao Hai a perplexed look as they didn’t understand why he’d released a mosquito. Zhao Hai didn’t think too deeply about what he’d just done. He was currently thinking of a way to retrieve the mosquito. To his surprise, the Space gave a projection. It was a prompt with written words on it that asked, “Do you wish to recover the mosquito?”

This made Zhao Hai surprised for a moment. He really hadn’t thought that the mosquito could be unexpectedly retrieved. He immediately decided to do so and the mosquito disappeared.

After watching the mosquito disappear, Zhao Hai turned around and looked at the giant mosquito. He asked it, “What’s your name?”

The giant mosquito looked at Zhao Hai. “Name? What is a name?”

Zhao Hai sighed. It seems that this giant mosquito didn’t cultivate little by little in order to reach Rank Nine, otherwise, why was it that it didn’t understand. If she naturally cultivated to Rank Nine, then upon reaching Rank Six or Seven, she should have gained basic knowledge. Upon reaching Rank Eight, she should have had wisdom that wasn’t any lower than a normal human’s . How was it possible for her to not have a name. Moreover, she didn’t even know what a name was. It seems that she’d reached Rank Nine due to some fortuitous encounter.

Zhao Hai looked at the giant mosquito and said, “Let me tell you what it is then. From now on, I’ll call you Zhao Wen   . Zhao Wen is your name. When I shout Zhao Wen, it means I am calling for you.”

Zhao Hai looked at Zhao Wen’s appearance and said, “Can you reduce your size? Or can you only be that big?”

Zhao Wen replied, “I can shrink my size to the same as those Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes.” Afterward, her body slowly shrunk until she was around the size of an ordinary Devouring Blood-Mosquito. Her body, however, was like a blood jade carving. If she stayed motionless, others might think she were a statue, and a beautiful one at that   .”

Zhao Hai nodded. He turned towards Green and said, “Grandpa Green, let’s go back into the living room. I want ask Zhao Wen about things inside the Carrion Swamp.”

Green nodded while curiously looking at Zhao Wen. They, however, couldn’t look at it as casually as Zhao Hai. They also looked at Zhao Hai with eyes filled with curiosity, along with a bit of awe.

After they entered the room, Zhao Hai looked at Zhao Wen and asked, “Zhao Wen, when did you become a Rank Nine expert?”

Zhao Wen thought for a while before responding. “I don’t know. We Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes aren’t just hematophagous   . Sometimes, we also drink water. I don’t know how long ago it was when I saw a drop of some garnet thing. It was the same color as blood. I drank that drop of garnet, and fainted afterward. Once I woke up, I found that I had become different from the other Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes. My body had become larger, and there was an enormous increase in strength. Then, one day, an alligator found me and told me that I had reached Rank Nine while also asking me to join the Flower Protection Alliance.”

Although Zhao Wen could communicate with humans using divine power   , a Rank Nine expert controlling their divine power this way was just child’s play. A Rank Nine expert could use their divine power to communicate with a person, and also use it to connect with a multitude of people. In this case, Zhao Hai, Green, and the others could also hear Zhao Wen’s words.

Zhao Hai was puzzled. “You said that drop of garnet seemed the same as blood? Where did you find it?”

Zhao Wen shook her head and said, “I don’t know such things. It was like a kind of biological blood and even had the right scent. That drop of blood, however, had fallen to the ground and had already been there for a long time, yet hadn’t dried up. Surprisingly, it seemed to stay quite fresh. Because of that, I drank it and sadly, I can’t remember where I was when I did it. Since then, I haven’t seen anything similar.”

Zhao Hai then asked, “What kind of organization is that Flower Protection Alliance?”

“Giant Tooth   , the giant alligator, told me that the Flower Protection Alliance is an organization whose members involve all of the Rank Nine experts of the Carrion Swamp,” explained Zhao Wen. “Its sole objective is to protect Seven-colored Flower City   . No matter who it is, once Seven-colored Flower City is under attack, we will join forces to beat back the enemy.

“Moreover, he had also told me that we, the Rank Nine experts of the Carrion Swamp, cannot casually leave the swamp. He added that there is an agreement between us and the Rank Nine experts of various parts of the continent. They cannot enter the Carrion Swamp in large numbers, and nor can we make trouble outside of the swamp. Otherwise, all of the other forces will join together to attack the culprit.”

This was something Zhao Hai and the others hadn’t known of. No wonder there hadn’t been any appearances of a Rank Nine expert coming from the Carrion Swamp and arriving on the continent. Originally, there was this treaty. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be more curious, so he asked Zhao Wen, “How many Rank Nine experts does this Flower Protection Alliance have?”

Zhao Wen shook her head. “This, I do not know. What I do know is that there should be at least ten who stay nearby and guard Seven-colored Flower City. I was also near the city before. Unexpectedly, someone had previously attacked Seven-colored Flower City, thus, I was asked to defend that area.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “So it means that usually, you are free to do what you want and those experts don’t restrict you? By the way, can you beat them?”

Zhao Wen nodded. “There are a few that I can, and there are also a few I cannot. If I retreat, however, they won’t be able to catch up to me. They usually don’t restrict anyone. Only when there is an incident in Seven-colored Flower City will we all gather together.”

Zhao Hai curiously asked, “Have you fought them before? Otherwise, how can you say you could win against them   ?”

Zhao Wen replied, “Yes, I had fought with a few of them before. If one wants to join the Flower Protection Alliance, then one must accept challenges from five Rank Nine experts. Only then can you obtain their approval   .”

“Then, why do you have to protect Flower City, the one you’re calling Seven-colored Flower City?” Zhao Hai curiously asked another question.

Zhao Wen shook her head and said, “I don’t know, but I heard from the others that this was the custom of the older generations of Rank Nine experts and was passed down from generation to generation. It is said that Flower City is very important to us, but we don’t dare approach the old city casually. Otherwise, that seven-colored flower will attack us.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He turned his head to Green and said, “What do you make of this, Grandpa Green?”

Green thought for a while and then asked Zhao Wen, “What about the recurring riots that happen where the magic beasts and undead from the Carrion Swamp rampage through the Black Waste. What was the cause of it   ?”

Zhao Wen took some time to think before replying, “This is something I also don’t know about. With regards to those magic beasts and undead, we Rank Nine experts do not handle them. Rank Eight experts handle these matters, and we Rank Nine experts do not meddle with them. ”

Zhao Hai frowned after hearing her answer. Green continued, “Then, can you order these magic beasts and undead not to go out of the Carrion Swamp?”

Zhao Wen shook her head. “We don’t generally meddle with these matters. I have also heard them say they have reasons to head out. I remember before I reached Rank Nine, that I had left twice. It was due to the toxins within our bodies. We had stored up a lot of it and didn’t have any means to detoxify it. Thus, we needed to find a non-toxic place to remove the toxic substances from within our bodies, else we die.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He was convinced by this argument. In the Carrion Swamp, no matter what, all of the animals, plants, and even water and air, everything was toxic. Although they had already adapted to this toxin, once their body accumulated too much, it would be harmful to them. This was comparable to the saying some people might say about how eating green vegetables would give a lot of advantages, but only eating green vegetables and disregarding other foods wouldn’t be something anyone could bear   .

Since the Black Waste was adjacent to the Carrion Swamp, it had naturally become the place where these magic beasts and undead go in order to expel their toxins. The reason why the Black Waste became this way was probably due to this reason.

In fact, Zhao Hai had already thought of this reason a long time ago, but couldn’t think of any solution   . Thus, they wanted to go and see Flower City in order to get some ideas on how to solve this matter.

Now it seems that even if they could visit Flower City, those magic beasts and undead would still riot within the Black Waste. If they didn’t do that, then they still must find an alternative way to detoxify themselves. They are in a toxic place, thus, wanting to find a place to detoxify would be harder than that actual detox itself.

Zhao Hai, however, couldn’t go back now after arriving this far in his search for Flower City. In any case, they might as well go and visit Flower City and have a look. If Flower City could actually help them resolve their security issue, then they could at least have a rear base that was secure.

Thinking of such things, Zhao Hai turned his head back towards Zhao Wen and said, “In a while, you will bring the Ghost Cane to Flower City. Once you reach the outer part of the city, I will let the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms out and you will hand them the Ghost Cane. Then you can come back inside the Space. Do you like to stay inside the Space?”

Zhao Wen nodded. “I really like it here. It’s very comfortable.”

Zhao Hai nodded. Although Zhao Wen was subdued by the Space, he didn’t want Zhao Wen to be regarded as an undead. No matter what, Zhao Wen was a living being with high intelligence, and he had deceived her to come into the Space. This had confused her and allowed her to be subdued by the Space. This was really unjust   .

Moreover, Zhao Wen was also a Rank Nine expert, and thus could help them with many issues later on   . Zhao Hai gave the name Zhao Wen to her as he regarded her as a clan member, not a tool   .

Green and the others were very happy as they listened to Zhao Hai. Now their clan had a Rank Nine expert. A clan with a Rank Nine expert compared to a clan without one were two different concepts. Now, if they went out and told the world that they were the Buda clan, they knew of only a few individuals who would dare move against them.

Zhao Hai looked at Zhao Wen and said, “Now then, go and take the Ghost Cane and fly towards Flower City. Once you are near Flower City, go back inside the Space. By the way, if you are inside Flower City, will the flowers there attack you?”

Zhao Wen nodded. “Yes, if we go inside Flower City, those flowers will attack us. Furthermore, their attack strength is formidable, and I’m not their match.”





* * *


Chapter 196 – Flower’s World

Zhao Hai and the others sat in the living room, but the atmosphere was quite odd. Green and Meg were smiling and Meg said, “Grandpa, grandma, you don’t know how anxious I was when we faced that Rank Nine expert. The Young Master, however, wasn’t nervous at all and spoke with confidence in front of it. It was really amazing.”

“Who said I wasn’t nervous,” said Zhao Hai, smiling. “That was a Rank Nine expert and I wasn’t strong at all against it. I found out, however, that Zhao Wen didn’t have any evil intentions toward us. Since we were out in the open, nervous, we naturally must speak in order to communicate with it.”

Green and the others smiled. Shown on the screen was Zhao Wen holding the Ghost Cane as she flew towards Flower City. Zhao Wen was quick, and she also knew where Flower City was. She naturally wouldn’t take the wrong route.

The good atmosphere in the room was naturally due to Zhao Wen. After Zhao Wen joined their clan, they felt more daring. Don’t even speak about the Markey Dell clan, even if it were the whole of the Aksu Empire, they wouldn’t be afraid .

On the continent, only those clans which had a Rank Nine expert in reserve could be called a genuine and respectable clan. If the Buda clan had a Rank Nine in the past, then they wouldn’t have fallen to their current status and situation.

And these weren’t the only advantages they had obtained here. One must know that a Rank Nine expert was a good deterrent force against the magic beast riots that rampaged throughout the Black Waste. The clan could ask Zhao Wen to act and frighten off the invaders. Even if they couldn’t deal with every magic beast and undead invader, they could at least protect the people, crops, and castle.

But Zhao Hai and the others also knew that Zhao Wen couldn’t move so casually. She was still a Rank Nine expert of Carrion Swamp. If the other Rank Nines knew of her actions, then it might spark greater trouble. After all, there was still the treaty between the Flower Protection Alliance and the other factions on the continent.

Anyway, since they now had a Rank Nine expert, their morale had been bolstered. They were confident enough to face the Markey Dell clan.

Before long, Zhao Wen reached the outskirts of Flower City. She hadn’t encountered any problems along the way. Although there were some magic beasts, when they saw Zhao Wen they immediately lay on the ground and didn’t dare to move. Wild animals and beasts had strong intuition. With regards to the existence of a Rank Nine magic beast expert, they were, without a doubt, revered as deities. No one dared to violate the prestige of a deity.

Zhao Hai soon found that he could communicate with Zhao Wen when she held the Ghost Cane. It was as if Zhao Wen was still with Zhao Hai. Seemingly, the Ghost Cane acted similarly to a long-distance remote control .

Zhao Wen suddenly stopped and told Zhao Hai, “Young Master, not far from here is Flower City. There shouldn’t be any magic beast that goes further than where I currently am. If a magic beast crosses this distance, the seven-colored flower might be alarmed and might call in other magic beasts.“

Zhao Hai knew she meant the other Rank Nine experts. He naturally didn’t hope to see them, so he nodded and said, “Alright, pass the Ghost Cane on to the eagle.” He released an eagle afterward and returned Zhao Wen to the Space.

After waiting for the eagle to go out, Zhao Hai found that the eagle seemed a little different. This made him magnify the screen so he could carefully observe the eagle.

Green and the others also looked carefully. This eagle was truly different than the original eagles. The original eagles had dark brown feathers, while this one had blood-red colored ones. Although they had similar beaks, this one had sharper talons. Moreover, Zhao Hai observed that the tip of these talons were hollow, like the proboscis of the Devouring Blood-Mosquitoes.

Zhao Hai hadn’t thought that the evolved eagle’s flying speed would have increased by so much. Having such thoughts, Zhao Hai moved himself to the ranch. Once there, he observed no noticeable changes. The blue-eyed rabbits stayed the same, as Zhao Hai had thought they may also have turned red, or at least larger.

Zhao Hai nodded, then returned to the living room and sat back down. Green was puzzled. He looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Young Master, what did you do?”

Smiling, Zhao Hai said, “Nothing, I just went to the ranch. Anyway, Zhao Wen, what do you usually eat?”

Zhao Wen replied, “Nothing in particular. We eat some magic beasts, any kind of magic beast. With regards to our kind, what we eat isn’t very important.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “How much do you eat everyday?”

Zhao Wen shook her head and said, “This is something I cannot answer clearly. Sometimes, I eat a lot in a day, sometimes, I do not eat for many days. It depends on my mood. If I am in a good mood for eating, then I’ll eat. Otherwise, I won’t.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “You are too easy to feed. This is good. If you want to go out to find food later, just catch a few magic beasts and bring them back.” Zhao Wen complied, but was actually seriously looking at the screen. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but shake his head while smiling. Zhao Wen’s appearance was like that of a child focusing on watching television on Earth.

Zhao Wen’s strength was tyrannical, moreover, her intelligence wasn’t low. Now, however, due to the changes in her life and her new associations with humans, she began to study things. She must have felt curious about many things, and it gave off a child-like feeling.

The eagle had been flying towards Flower City all this time and Zhao Hai didn’t speak. They really wanted to know what would the results be when the eagle reached Flower City.

At present, Zhao Hai had more than a thousand Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. Even if a few were to be sacrificed, it wouldn’t be much, therefore, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried.

Soon, a city wall appeared in the screen. The city walls were really large, around 67 meters   high. The top of the walls were covered with a layer of green vines. Only these large vines can be seen along the profile of the city walls.

These vines bloomed with numerous seven-colored flowers. Furthermore, these flowers were immensely large, none smaller than a meter in diameter and some reaching as big as two to three meters. Zhao Hai had never seen such large flowers.

What surprised Zhao Hai the most was that each flower had seven petals, each uniquely colored. These seven petals had the same colors as a rainbow and were both beautiful and alluring.

Green also watched the scenes on the screen blankly. What they saw was too beautiful, a beauty that made people forget to even breathe. Zhao Hai now understood. Previously, Buffy had described it to them, but now that they saw it, it really was too beautiful, too intolerably and extremely beautiful   .

After some time, Meg whispered, “It’s beautiful, too beautiful here. If one day Fort Iron Mountain would be like this too, then that will be amazing. Master, will we be able to cut a flower branch off and bring it back to grow?”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he looked at Meg. “You are quite daring to think of cutting off a branch of flowers. Aren’t you afraid that the flowers might eat you? Have you forgotten that Buffy ran away from this flower, and even Little Wen here says those flowers are powerful.”

Zhao Wen was, after all, a magic beast. She didn’t know if a flower was beautiful, only that it was strong. After hearing what Zhao Hai said, Zhao Wen couldn’t help but fly over and nod. She looked at Meg and said, “Yes, that flower is very fierce. Don’t even talk about if we can beat it; all of the Rank Nines in the Carrion Swamp combined wouldn’t necessarily be able to beat it.”

Zhao Hai hadn’t expected such an analysis of the seven-colored flower’s strength to come out of Zhao Wen. Zhao Hao then observed that there were no animals within Flower City.

Here in the Carrion Swamp, there were numerous magic beasts. Zhao Hai had met a lot of them along the way. Generally, however, there weren’t a lot of flying magic beasts that would participate in large scale fighting, even against their prey. If these magic beasts wished to deal with the eagles, it wouldn’t be a good idea due to the eagle’s comparative combat prowess of a Rank Six.

And how big was Flower City? This was a city that could accommodate 500,000 people. A city without any large buildings that could house 500,000 people wouldn’t be small, right? Although the screen couldn’t display much, they still hadn’t seen any flying magic beasts after a while. This matter was somewhat strange.

Zhao Hai just recalled what he had seen on the screen and he couldn’t help but be frightened. This was due to the fact that after the eagle entered Flower City, the green dots that represented magic beasts all disappeared. In other words, there wasn’t any magic beasts within Flower City.

Since they were entranced by the beautiful shades and colors of Flower City, they hadn’t noticed this point before. Now that Zhao Hai thought about it, he couldn’t help but pay attention to Flower City.

Just like Buffy had said, vines covered the whole of Flower City. On the vines were blossoming flowers. Optimistically, the city would be covered by these seven-colored flowers. His description of Flower City wasn’t an exaggeration.

Zhao Hai carefully observed these flowers. Again, as Buffy had said, there were small fibrous roots on the vine. These small fibrous roots were dug into the stone walls of the city, causing fright to anyone who looked at it.

The eagle circled around Flower City as Zhao Hai and the others carefully observed the flowers inside the city. This was just as how Buffy described it. The city wasn’t just full of vines. Within the city there was a very long and thick vine. Moreover, it stood erect like a tree. There were a lot of branches on top of it along with a lot of blossoming flowers. It was as if this were a flower’s world.

Zhao Hai slowly noted that this flower’s vine was more concentrated in the center, and were sturdier too. If you looked closely, you would find that these plants didn’t have a main root, but only had small fibrous roots. Smaller flower vines branched out from the sturdy vine, and those thicker flowers branched out from the thicker branches of the vine. Finally, they converged into a section of a 10 meter thick immense vine which extended from the middle of the city   .

Green examined the situation, and even Zhao Wen observed earnestly as she hadn’t been able to come this close to observe those seven-colored flowers.

Zhao Hai ordered the eagle to fly into the center of the city while his eyes chased along the vine. He wanted to take a look as to what this seven-colored flower’s trunk was, and if there was anything good at the end.


* * *


Chapter 197 – Wine

The eagle circled slowly the city while Zhao Hai’s eyes continued to pursue the vine. He intended to use this approach to find the trunk of the seven-colored flowers.

Green and the others understood Zhao Hai’s intent as they all stared at the screen. Zhao Wen lay on Zhao Hai’s head and also seriously watched the screen .

Due to the effect of the Space, Zhao Wen probably felt closest with Zhao Hai. He also thought it was okay for her to lie on his head since he regarded Zhao Wen as part of his clan.

Zhao Hai didn’t restrict Zhao Wen as she wasn’t that heavy. Furthermore, her disposition was closer to that of a child’s, which Zhao Hai liked, so he naturally didn’t stop her.

As they focused on the screen, a huge black dot suddenly appeared. This black dot soon occupied the entire screen and Zhao Hai subconsciously shouted, “Found it!” Green and the others also took in a deep breath.

Zhao Hai ordered the eagle to circle above the large black dot. He immediately focused the screen on it. Everyone carefully watched and saw that it wasn’t a black dot, but a black hole. They estimated its size to be around a hundred meters in diameter.

This hole had actually been grown into the seven-colored flower and was a part of the thickest section Zhao Hai had yet seen. The branches around the hole were also thick, but the strangest thing was that the flowers on this vine wasn’t very tall, only about twenty meters. This was quite small compared to the ones on the surrounding vines and branches. If they hadn’t looked at the screen carefully, they wouldn’t have been able to find it easily.

Zhao Hai ordered the eagle to fly down. The eagle drew nearer and nearer to the hole. This was in fact a test by Zhao Hai. He wanted to see if the seven-colored flower would attack them.

Without giving any response, the seven-colored flower seemed just like an ordinary plant. It didn’t have any response, and the flowers blooming on the branches were motionless.

Zhao Hai and the others hadn’t thought that the seven-colored flower would react this way. Still, he didn’t give up. He ordered the eagle to fly down more, but not to attack as he feared that if it attacked the seven-colored flower, the flower might extinguish the eagle. If they left the Spacethen, they might also be attacked by the flower. Since they were currently in the territory of the seven-colored flower, there wouldn’t be anything good to come out of them attacking it.

After seeing that the seven-colored flower didn’t respond, Zhao Hai, with a deep voice, said “Grandpa Green, I’m going out to take a look.”

Green looked at Zhao Hai, nodded, and said, “It’s alright for Young Master to go out and take a look. It seems that this seven-colored flower doesn’t react to entities with low strength. Since the Young Master doesn’t have magic power or battle qi, that flower shouldn’t attack you.”

Zhao Hai nodded and looked at them, saying, “Although this flower’s attack strength is monstrous, it isn’t too aggressive. It’s best that we don’t disturb it, so you guys wait for me here inside the Space. Zhao Wen, you stay here too. If you go out then I’m afraid the flower will start attacking.” Zhao Wen, who lay atop Zhao Hai’s head, immediately complied.

Zhao Hai looked at the others and showed a faint smile. “Like what Grandpa Green said, due to the Space, these flowers might become friendly. As such, I have to take a look and see if this flower could really become close with me.

To be honest, Green and the others were also extremely worried. It was like Zhao Hai said: this flower had a strong offensive strength, but wasn’t very aggressive. If there were few people to accompany him, and he kept a weak front, then Zhao Hai should be safe.

Zhao Hai looked at them and didn’t speak any further. He turned around and left the Spatial Villa. With a thought, he recalled the eagle and the Ghost Cane and then flashed outside the Space.

Zhao Hai’s current location wasn’t that far from the hole. He appeared atop a seven-colored flower vine. This vine was around twenty meters thick, so standing atop it wasn’t an issue for a human-sized person.

Upon appearing on the vine, Zhao Hai became very careful. He was ready to return to the Space at any given moment. But as they already realized, the flower didn’t attack, as if it didn’t notice the existence of Zhao Hai.

He walked several steps atop the vine, then jumped on the spot. The vine didn’t respond. Zhao Hai felt as though he were a bird standing on a tree. No matter how much he jumped, trees were trees.

For these seven-colored flowers, Zhao Hai probably wouldn’t even be comparable to a bird. Maybe a mosquito instead. A mosquito wouldn’t be able to harm a big tree.

Seeing that the seven-colored flowers didn’t react, Zhao Hai slowly moved towards the hole. Beside the hole were an innumerable amount of small vines. They made it impossible to see the ground. Only the hole was visible. Zhao Hai looked into the hole and found that it wasn’t that deep, just dark. He couldn’t see inside it, however, and so couldn’t see the base of the seven-colored flower.

Zhao Hai observed the vines of this seven-colored flower and carefully counted. There were 18 roots that grew from the seven-colored flower trunk. The first root was around twenty meters thick and it branched out to numerous smaller branches. These long branches seem to have covered the entirety of Flower City.

Zhao Hai carefully observed the seven-colored flower. He thought it was very interesting. In addition to the twigs that branched out from the vines, it also grew small fibrous roots and even some of the small twigs had some leaves growing. Those small leaves were very interesting as they were shaped like throwing knives. The seven-colored flower, however, was huge. The center was covered with smog, making the visibility extremely low .

Zhao Hai looked around carefully for a bit and found that the seven-colored flower only had these things and nothing else seemed to attract his attention anymore. He stood on the vine and thought about the seven-colored flower. He was uncertain, however, if this flower was actually only honest. That as long as you didn’t mess with it, it wouldn’t be aggressive.

This wasn’t the result Zhao Hai wanted. He waved his hand and, with his intent, he wielded the Ghost Cane and poured some Spatial Water into the hole.

Zhao Hai wanted to see if the seven-colored flower would have any reaction towards the Spatial Water. Remember that the Space could enhance plants. This was also true for the Spatial Water. For common plants, Spatial Water was the best tonic. This move by Zhao Hai showed that he was trying to flatter the seven-colored flower.

The Spatial Water dropped straight down into the hole, but the seven-colored flower still didn’t have any response. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel disappointed when suddenly, the seven-colored flower reacted. The reaction was strong, contrary to what Zhao Hai had anticipated. The entire Flower City seemed to be filled with excitement as all of the vines became erect, waving to the sky.

Zhao Hai didn’t know why he wasn’t afraid. He felt that this seven-colored flower didn’t want to hurt him. Although the movements made by the seven-colored flower was large, it didn’t seem to want to attack anyone. Instead, it seemingly appeared happy.

This made Zhao Hai feel very surprised. As the vines waved, his footing fluctuated. Then an innumerable number of vines gathered under Zhao Hai. He became surprised at the situation as the vines formed a chair. Zhao Hai froze for a moment, then chuckled and sat on the chair.

Zhao Hai hadn’t really thought that this seven-colored flower would unexpectedly be intelligent enough to offer a chair. However, this wasn’t what Zhao Hai wanted to think about.

Zhao Hai naturally reciprocated the kindness by wielding the Ghost Cane and dumped a pile ofSpatial Soil into the hole. This made the vines wave more violently. In turn, a vine table was placed in front of Zhao Hai. This table actually had cups made of vines atop it and were filled with a seven-colored liquid. Evidently, the other side was using this as a way to entertain Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid after seeing the seven-colored flower offer him some liquid. Even if it were poisonous, he wasn’t afraid since he’d been drinking the Spatial Water for a long time. The Spatial Water could cure the toxins of the seven-colored flower   . Thus, he wasn’t worried.

Zhao Hai raised the vine cup and found that it wasn’t a separate existence. The cup was instead connected to a tiny vine that was then attached to the vine table, and the vine table was connect to the vine beneath Zhao Hai. In other words, the vine cup was still a part of a living plant.

Zhao Hai didn’t care much and drank the liquid in the vine cup. When the liquid entered Zhao Hai’s mouth, he couldn’t help but be surprised for a moment. It wasn’t because this liquid was hard to drink, but rather, it was the opposite. This liquid was very good. While this liquid seemed the same as water   , it was in fact wine.

The seven-colored flower unexpectedly entertained Zhao Hai with wine. Moreover, the wine didn’t only glow with seven colors, but also had the fragrance of a hundred flowers. The fragrance hinted at a sweetness that then revealed a trace of bitterness. The scent provided humans with food for thought.

As Zhao Hai held the cup, the seven-colored liquid within unexpectedly returned to its original amount. It had been refilled. Zhao Hai froze for a moment, and then couldn’t help but laugh a bit.

Zhao Hai didn’t drink any more as he’d already drank a cup. He placed the vine cup back on the table and, this time, noticed that the trunk of the seven-colored flower had grown several more branches. He watched as, visible to the naked eye, it grew in length and thickness.

Zhao Hai watched all of this and hadn’t really thought that the response of the seven-colored flowers would be this great. It should be known that the trunk of the seven-colored flower was different from the other branches as it didn’t have any fibrous roots. The trunk, besides its eighteen main branches, had no other opening. The growth of the branches right now was certainly caused by the Spatial Water and Spatial Soil.

Zhao Hai counted. This time around, the seven-colored flower had grown nine more branches. Small waves of fluctuations were also emitted by the large trunk. A small vine then grew out of the hole. This vine wasn’t actually green, but made of seven-colors. It grew longer and extended towards Zhao Hai’s spot.

Zhao Hai looked at what was happening. He knew that the main event was coming. This seven-colored branch, with regards to the seven-colored flower, was certainly important. Perhaps it could communicate with him.

The battle efficiency of the seven-colored flower was above a Rank Nine expert’s. This meant it was equal to being an intelligent plant. To say it couldn’t communicate with him and would just kill him wouldn’t be something he’d believe.





* * *

Chapter 198 – A Strange Uncle Who Deceives the Little Girl

The seven-colored flower vine quickly extended towards Zhao Hai. Then, at the top of the vine, appeared a flower bud. This flower bud grew slowly until, finally, it stopped at a height of about half a meter. The flower bud then bloomed open, slowly.

When the flower bloomed, it did not reveal seven-colored petals, but petals of a single color. As Zhao Hai looked at the red petals in a daze, he found that there was another layer of petals blooming within, this time yellow.

The flower petals kept on blooming slowly, layer by layer, until the seventh layer. In front of Zhao Hai was a presentation of seven layers of seven colored types of petals. It looked like a rainbow as it suddenly appeared in front of Zhao Hai .

There was a seven-colored cocoon in the center of this flower. The cocoon wasn’t large, only around the size of Zhao Hai’s thumb. It was seven-colored and very attractive.

Zhao Hai looked at the cocoon in a daze. Suddenly, it moved. The cocoon wiggled like a worm and then split open into two pieces. Those two pieces were like butterfly wings, each pair being seven-colored.

Zhao Hai was further astonished when the pair of wings started to move, then flew into the air. When the wings turned, a thumb-sized little female appeared in front of Zhao Hai.

The little woman wore a small skirt made of seven-colored vines. She had seven-colored hair that was long and hung from her head to her feet. Her skin was white, with fair, small arms and legs that were exposed and were not too lovely .

The little woman flew over and came to eye-level of Zhao Hai. She curiously looked at Zhao Hai while blinking her big eyes. Zhao Hai also discovered that her eyes were seven-colored.

The two looked at one another and didn’t speak. After some time, the little woman smiled and said with a clear voice, “Do you just want to keep staring at me and not speak?”

Zhao Hai was in a daze. After recovering, he stood up and said to the small woman, “Hello, I am called Zhao Hai. You are?”

The little woman looked at Zhao Hai. With the ritual of a noble lady, she said, “Hello, I am called Cai-er   .”

Zhao Hai quickly returned the aristocratic ceremony. He looked at Cai-er and said, “Hello Cai-er. Are you this flower?”

Cai-er smiled. “To be precise, the flower you see are just branches of me. My main body isn’t even here.”

Zhao Hai asked, “Are you saying that such a large flower is just one of your branches? Then, where is your main body?”

Cai-er answered with a smile, “Not in front of you? The truth is that my real body are all of the flowers you see, because I exist as such?”

Zhao Hai looked at Cai-er and said, “Then in the end, where did you come from?”

Cai-er smiled. “Please sit down and listen as I explain. To tell you the truth, it has been so long since I had met with a person that I could speak and listen to. I haven’t met many others.”

Zhao Hai sat down on the chair behind the vine table and looked at Cai-er. She smiled faintly and sat in front of Zhao Hai on her own small set of vine chair and wine table. Her vine table also held a small vine cup. Seemingly, the cup couldn’t even be filled with a drop of water.

Cai-er drank the water in her vine cup. Her small chair and small table looked strange because their base reached all the way down to the vine below them, allowing Cai-er to stay at eye-level with Zhao Hai.

Looking at her appearance, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. It seemed like this little woman was really up for keeping her appearance since she had to sit at eye level.

Zhao Hai watched Cai-er hold her vine cup which was smaller than a toothpick   . After she drank a few mouthfuls of water, she put down the small vine cup and looked at him but didn’t speak. Zhao Hai felt that this little woman was playing with him.

He didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. Finally, Cai-er spoke. “My real name is Hell Rainbow Flower   . I came from a place called Hell   , where I am the most respected presence.”

Stunned, Zhao Hai looked puzzledly at Cai-er. It was not the first time he’d heard of a place called Hell, but Zhao Hai still wasn’t too clear on what Cai-er had said. This was due to the fact that he had heard of the word Hell back on Earth, but he hadn’t heard it on the continent after he’d arrived.

Cai-er looked at Zhao Hai’s expression. She said with a smile, “Here on the Ark Continent, it would be called the Devil World   .”

Zhao Hai’s eyes opened widely. The word Hell wasn’t something he’d heard of here in the Ark Continent, but the term Devil World was something he had heard of already.

The Ark Continent was different from Earth. Earth existed on its own plane, while the Ark Continent coexisted with multiple planes. The place called the Ark Continent was one plane. Devil World was also a plane. There were several others planes that also existed, but the understanding of people about other planes was small. They knew about those planes less than they knew about the Devil World.

There were not many records kept about the Devil World on the continent. All of the recordings, however, described it using two characters: Dangerous   .

The records about the Devil World on the continent said that it was a place of monsters. These monsters were divided into Undead Creatures and Dismal    Creatures. They were brutal beings that only knew how to slaughter and walked a path of destruction. This was the common perception of the Devil World by others.

Zhao Hai hadn’t actually thought that Cai-er would have come from the Devil World. Obviously, Cai-er had seen Zhao Hai’s reaction and she said with a smile, “Don’t you feel it’s strange for me to know of those previous things?”

Zhao Hai nodded. Cai-er continued smiling. “This was nothing since I had obtained a book about the Ark Continent   . Therefore, I also knew that the Devil World was recorded here on the Ark Continent. There isn’t only Undead and Dismal Creatures there, but an actual complete world. The living environment is a lot worse than the Ark Continent, however, and the main thing is that there is no sun.”

Cai-er paused here and looked at Zhao Hai. “There is no sun in the Devil World, only light and ores. There is only me and my flowers as the main source of light for the Devil World’s beings, therefore, the creatures there give much respect to me. You should know that the Devil World and the Ark Continent are two different planes. The difference in living environments of the two is too large. After the first space crack appeared, the Devil World found out how large the Ark Continent was. That was also when they found that life was better here on the Ark Continent. There was a sun, water, land, grass. Everything was here.”

Hearing it, Zhao Hai knew that Cai-er was serious when she said it. The desire for a better life held infinite hope. Just like how a blind person had infinite hope to see light, those of the Devil World had a desire a thousand times greater to live in the Ark Continent.

Cai-er sighed. “You have never been to the Devil World, thus you can’t ever imagine the way of life for the creatures there. They wanted to come and live on the Ark Continent, but did it in the wrong way. They wanted to conquer the Ark Continent, but weren’t successful. Instead, they let the Ark Continent place new seals over the few space cracks.”

Cai-er’s expression, although a bit light, was something Zhao Hai understood. The Ark Continent probably had to pay a considerable price.

Cai-er wasn’t concerned with Zhao Hai. “Later on, new space cracks appeared, inducing several further wars between the Devil World and the Ark Continent. In the end, the Devil World didn’t succeed. The position you are at now is actually a space crack, but one that was sealed back then by a person from the Ark Continent. For some unknown reason, the seal was destroyed, but the Devil World didn’t know of this. I fount it out though. I used my branches and slowly stretched it over the cracks. Now, this is what it looks like.”

Cai’er’s branch was Flower City. This wasn’t something Zhao Hai could believe. He couldn’t imagine how large her actual body was. Cai-er looked at Zhao Hai and suddenly chuckled. “It was too serious, right? Heehee, I like that kind of atmosphere. With that kind of tone, isn’t it more convincing?”

Zhao Hai looked at Cai-er’s sly smile as she turned around. Cai-er’s appearance gave off a compassionate feeling, but with her beautiful smile just now, Zhao Hai’s thoughts were somewhat unable to follow.

Cai-er looked Zhao Hai’s silly expression and couldn’t help but laugh. She held onto her belly and tumbled around. Zhao Hai tapped his head and finally affirmed that this little lady had been playing around.

What was strange was that Zhao Hai didn’t feel angry. Instead, he just looked at the adorable smiling face of Cai-er   . Cai-er stopped after some time. Zhao Hai hadn’t spoken since then so she looked at him and timidly asked, “Are you angry?”

Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er’s appearance and couldn’t be mad. He shook his head and said, “No, I’m just curious. You told me those things, so what do you want to do?”

Cai-er flapped her wings and flew in front of Zhao Hai. “I just want to drink more of the water you had given me earlier, and that soil you threw. That was the most delicious water and most fertile soil I ever had.”

Zhao Hai smiled as he said, “Ok. Ah, you can come to a place with me where there’s a lot of water you can drink, along with that soil you’d seen.”

Cai-er looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and tooted,“I don’t know if what you’re saying is an illusion, but I feel ill intent. What are you telling me to do?”

Zhao Hai raised his eyebrows while smiling and said, “What’s wrong? Don’t you dare?” Zhao Hai didn’t know why, but when he said it, it felt that he was deceiving a little girl to look for a goldfish with a strange uncle   , probably.

Cai-er tooted once more, “Don’t use this kind of method of goading an idiot into action; it is useless to this Young Lady. This Young Lady, however, is powerful and doesn’t fear you. Well, let’s go where?”

Zhao Hai was happy in his heart   . He waved the Ghost Wand and the Spatial Crack appeared at his side. He smiled and said, “To my territory.”





* * *


Chapter 199 – Upgrade

Cai-er looked at the Spatial Crack, her expression fearless. She had already seen space cracks before; don’t forget that her appearance here was due to her relationship with a space crack. Thus, how could she fear it?

She simply didn’t care much for it and, with a whiz, Cai-er flew into the Space. Seeing this, Zhao Hai’s eyes lit up and he also went back inside the Space. The reason why Zhao Hai had tried to lure Cai-er inside the Space was because she was just too strong. If he could make Cai-er grow her vines outside Fort Iron Mountain, then he wouldn’t need to worry about the security there.

Zhao Hai also had an idea. He hadn’t yet asked Cai-er about her relationship with the seven-colored smog covering the Carrion Swamp. If she indeed had some relation with it, then so long as Cai-er could extend her vines to Fort Iron Mountain, the whole of the Black Waste can benefit from being covered by the seven-colored smog. When that time comes, he could safely improve the land and boldly cultivate plants. There would no one on the continent daring enough to go into the Black Waste. This was the result he wished to see.

Just as Zhao Hai entered the Space, the Space prompted in a tone:

[Discovered plant sprite.

Spatial intelligence enhanced.

Space has leveled up to Level 21.

New land that can now be reclaimed is: 1,000 mu. Requirements: 10,000 Gold Coins .

Host can now hand over management of the Space to the plant sprite.

~Due to having reached Level 20:

Background Swap function has been added.

Spatial Bag function has been added..

~After having reached level 20:

Space will not be able to reclaim new land.

Space can now upgrade existing land and water levels.

Each level up will promote the quality of land to Red Land

Red Land increases crop yield by 10%.

Red Land decreases maturity time by 20%.

Red Land has its own special seed page in the Spatial Shop.

Host can now purchase Red Land seeds from the Spatial Shop.

Each level up will promote the quality of the Spatial Spring.

Each level up increases detoxification ability, magic power, battle qi, physical strength, and restoration capabilities.]

Just then, Cai-er flew over to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, this place is great! Later on, Cai-er must live here. I’ll transfer my main body over to here.”

Zhao Hai was still thinking about the things the Space prompted when he heard what Cai-er had said. He couldn’t help but be surprised for a moment. Zhao Hai looked at Cai-er and asked, “Can you transfer your main body here? Then what will you do about those branches outside?”

Cai-er replied with a smile, “Young Master, can’t you establish a transfer point? Actually, when I said I would move my main body, it won’t actually have any effect on the Devil World, nor the Carrion Swamp. My main body would be inside the Space, and so long as there are transfer points, I can appear in the Devil World or the Carrion Swamp directly. I can easily unite with my branches from here, thus there shouldn’t be any problems.”

Zhao Hai looked at Cai-er and said, “Are you saying you can branch out to the Devil World and Carrion Swamp by using the transfer points? I remember I hadn’t yet established a transfer point in the Carrion Swamp yet, right?”

Cai-er smiled. “Constructing one now would be good. Since the Space had leveled up to beyond 20, you can assign ten more transfer points. You could construct a transfer point here in the Carrion Swamp. Moreover, I’ll give you the coordinates so you can set up a transfer point in the Devil World.”

Zhao Hai nodded and muttered, “I guess it would be a good time to take a look at the Devil World. But wait, how do you know so much about the Space? Who told you all of that?”

Cai-er smiled. “Young Master has forgotten, but I am a plant sprite . Now that I’m fully integrated with the Space, I now know the features of the Space. Later on, Young Master could hand over management of the Space to me. Then you can ask me to do things   .”

Around this time, Green and the others came out and they all looked at Cai-er, confused. They knew about her since they’d been watching the screen, and knew she was a Hell Rainbow Flower—a plant sprite   . They really hadn’t thought she would already have been integrated with the space.

Zhao Hai hastily said, “It spoke earlier about the Background Swap function, as well as a Spatial Bags function. What are they?”

Cai-er nodded. “The Background Swap function means you can decorate the background by buying it using Gold Coins. Right now, the land inside the Space, except for land occupied by theSpatial Villa, are all covered with white mist. As long as you change the background, the white mist will dissipate and reveal the original world. This will be useful if Young Master wishes to place the slaves inside the Space in the future. There will be a greater amount of room for their activities.

“The most important thing is that as long as you exchange background, then upon reaching Level 30, you would be able to use that background. In other words, when that time comes, the Young Master can then be able to plant on the lands in the background. At this moment, however, Young Master only has over 1,000 mu of land. After reaching Level 30, the Young Master will be able to use the land in the background and greatly increase the amount of land you have. And it’s not only land you can get, but mountains, rivers, seas, and even areas filled with ore. Even if the Young Master cannot leave the Space, the production within the Space wouldn’t be poorer than that of the continent. This is a separate world, and the Young Master is the master of this world.”

Zhao Hai heard all of this and Cai-er’s explanation was also very clear. In other words, he can now change the background. Although it wouldn’t be usable at the moment, he could use it after he reached Level 30. It really was equal to having another world. This was really good.

Cai-er continued, “The Spatial Bag function is very good. Young Master, the Space loads all the seeds, and it even has a separate space for Gold Coins, so you don’t need it. But in fact, this smallSpatial Bag, while it can’t hold much – only around ten cubic meters – it could be taken outside. This can only be done by the Young Master. There are also a lot of such bags now. So long as Young Master presents them with a Spatial Bag, then Grandpa Green and the others can equip them.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He looked at Cai-er and said, “How did you know who Grandpa Green was? Also, how did you know the slaves had entered the Space?”

Cai-er replied with a smile, “I knew of them because the Space has a record system. All that happens within the Space is recorded. Since I had integrated with the Space, I would, of course, naturally know of it. You are the master of the Space, and also my master. But since I know you don’t like people calling you master, I thus called you Young Master   .”

Nodding, Zhao Hai then said, “Yes, that’s right. Since the Space had upgraded, did the monitoring function also receive an upgrade?”

Cai-er smiled as she answered, “It was naturally upgraded as well. Now we can see as far as two kilometers. Later on, once the Space reaches Level 30 we can see much further.”

Zhao Hai looked at Cai-er as she explained things. He said, “Are you going to transfer your main body into the Space? Won’t it take a lot of land space if you do so?   ”

Cai-er shook her head. “No, I haven’t yet moved my main body into the Space. I also won’t take up too much of the land space. Young Master, I will move it now. Also, except for Bluestone Villa and Fort Iron Mountain, I would like to add those two extra transfer points. I’ll place one in the Carrion Swamp and another in the Devil World. Young Master cannot go the Devil World right now as it’s still too dangerous for you to do so. But once we have the opportunity, will Young Master wish to take a look?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Of course. Alright, after you have transferred your main body to theSpace, don’t forget to extend two branches. One for Fort Iron Mountain, the other for Bluestone Villa. Does the seven-colored smog covering the Carrion Swamp have any relation with you?”

Cai-er smiled as she replied, “Young Master, don’t worry. I understand what you mean. First, surround Bluestone Villa, but the seven-colored smog shouldn’t be seen by outsiders. Second, I should emit a massive amount of smog around the Black Waste so that others would think the Carrion Swamp had expanded into the Black Waste. Have I said it right?”

Zhao Hai laughed as he agreed. “You really are intelligent. Starting today, I’ll call you Zhao Cai-er   . Oh right, if I leave the Space, can you follow me? If I’m in a battle, can you help me?”

Cai-er smiled as she replied, “Yes, of course! I’m integrated with the Space, but the Space is a part of the Young Master. Thus, I naturally belong to the Young Master. If the Young Master is in battle, my vines can be extended from the Space to help the Young Master.”

After they heard what Cai-er said, Green and the others were happy. They were most worried about Zhao Hai’s security. Now it was all good. They didn’t need to be worried anymore. Since Zhao Hai had a plant with a Rank Nine’s battle efficiency at his side, his security was guaranteed.

Moreover, Cai-er was different from Zhao Wen. Since Zhao Wen was a Carrion Swamp Rank Nine expert, if she appeared on the continent, it was highly possible she would be attacked by the other Rank Nine experts of the continent. Cai-er, however, hadn’t appeared on the continent. Even if she were to help Zhao Hai in a fight, most people wouldn’t think she had any relation with the Carrion Swamp. With this, it was truly like having a Rank Nine expert under their command   .

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then you go out. I want to go in and choose a background.” Cai-er complied immediately as Zhao Hai and the others went back into the Spatial Villa.

After entering the Spatial Villa, Zhao Hai reclaimed all of the new land. Since he had so much wealth in his hands right now. Even though this 1,000 mu area of land required 10,000 Gold Coins, Zhao Hai didn’t mind which was somewhat remarkable.

Once he reclaimed the land, Zhao Hai turned to the screen immediately. He checked the Spatial Shop and looked for the Decorations page. Then he bought the background that matched with theSpatial Villa. Zhao Hai didn’t want to buy anything more since they were expensive. The background for the Spatial Villa had only cost a Gold Coin   .

They couldn’t use the background right now anyway. The background was laid out beautifully, so it wouldn’t affect the activity of the people within the Space. Thus, he saw no problem with it.

With the small Spatial Villa background, it added a small prairie around it. Although it was small and uneven, above it was long, green grass. Adding in the blue sky, it made the Space brightly lit.

After choosing the background, Zhao Hai went out of the Spatial Villa. Green and the others followed him as they also wanted to look at the situation outside.





* * *



Chapter 200 – Multipurpose Young Secretary

Upon leaving the Spatial Villa, Green and the others were shocked. The Space now looked different. Before, aside from the Spatial Villa and the fields, the other areas had been shrouded in mist. Now there was a beautiful scene around them. There was a blue sky with white clouds, and a section of land covered with beautiful green grass. The most important thing was the massive thousand mu of fertile farmland in front of them. This was genuine fertile farmland.

Initially, Zhao Hai hadn’t thought that upon reaching Level 20, the Space would actually give him a thousand mu of farmland. Remember, originally the size of the field was less than a hundred mu in size. This time around, it really was a big surprise.

In fact, Zhao Hai didn’t know that according to the normal system of the Space and its upgrades, only upon reaching Level 30 would he have been awarded with a thousand mu of farmland. Only at that time would he have had the ability to transform the land into Red Land.

Zhao Hai, however, hadn’t upgraded the Space the normal way. Specifically, he had relied on the help of a plant sprite to help promote the Space.

Although the evaluation given by the Space for the plant sprite wasn’t high, this plant sprite had actually increased the intelligence of the Space. As such, Zhao Hai received extra rewards. It had allowed Zhao Hai’s new land reclamation limit to suddenly jump to a thousand mu. The reason why the Space hadn’t given a high evaluation to the plant sprite was because it could identify the plant sprite, it used up a lot of the resources of the Space .

The Space had leveled up six times and had also given him additional rewards; these were the results. Although the Space was Level 21, the total land that had been reclaimed resulted in such a situation.

Moreover, they now had Cai-er. In the future, the Space’s intelligence wouldn’t be so rigid. Zhao Hai, however, didn’t know any of this at the moment.

Zhao Hai was currently looking at the Spatial Villa dumbly. It really looked different now. The original Spatial Villa was quite ordinary looking and there wasn’t anything odd about it. Now, however, the Spatial Villa was more peculiar. The outer walls were completely covered with crawling vines, and these vines were rainbow-colored. This made the Spatial Villa seem taller and more pleasing to the eye. One couldn’t place a value on its magnificence   .

Zhao Hai was absolutely sure that this was Cai-er’s masterpiece. He hadn’t thought Cai-er would have unexpectedly covered the entire Spatial Villa with her vines.

Green and the others looked at the surrounding prairie with shining eyes. This scene was truly too beautiful. The magnificent view was beyond their expectations. Moreover, they heard Cai-er say that when the Space reached Level 30, they would be able to use this prairie. But, how big was the prairie? No one on their side knew.

Cai-er flew towards Zhao Hai. She smiled and said, “Young Master, good job! Seeing these open areas, what do you want to plant on them?”

Zhao Hai thought for a bit, then said, “Bamboo rice, fruit oil trees, corn, wheat, tuber blocks, sweet pepper, red radishes, green olives, and green lettuce. These are the kinds of plants that can be planted and you can buy them from the Spatial Shop. Alright, distribute them across a hundred mu, and give ten mu to bamboo rice, and ten for fruit oil trees. There will be a little more for corn and wheat products. Corn should be around a hundred mu, while the other wheat types should have five hundred mu.The rest of the land can be planted with the five different types of magic vegetables so that we can trade them with Laura   .”

Cai-er immediately complied and arranged everything. The Space now planted bamboo rice and fruit oil each on ten acres of land. There were also tuber blocks and other plants. These were all being saved up by Zhao Hai so that he could trade them with Laura. Zhao Hai, however, hadn’t thought the Space would give him a thousand mu of land. This gave him more land to plant with. Once the crops were planted and growing, they couldn’t be removed. Zhao Hai would have to cultivate them and wait until they were matured before collecting them.

It was only until now that Green and the others recovered from their fascination. They quickly encircled Zhao Hai. Zhao Wen had also flown over to Zhao Hai’s head and lay there. Cai-er, on the other hand, flew towards Zhao Hai and sat on his shoulders. The Space was now under her command, but looking at her appearance, it was as if she didn’t need to do anything. None of them had seen any movement, but the Space’s land had already been planted according to what Zhao Hai had instructed of Cai-er.

After everything was settled, Zhao Hai took a deep breath. He turned his head towards Cai-er and asked, “Cai-er, have you finished constructing the transfer points?”

Cai-er nodded. “All done Young Master. Please be at ease. Also, currently, I have already placed my branches in Fort Iron Mountain and have surrounded it. The smog has now covered the area. This is the same case for Bluestone Villa.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He turned his head towards Green and said, “Grandpa Green, you and Grandma Meirin should go to Fort Iron Mountain first. I think the slaves will probably be nervous. Please explain the situation to them and make sure they aren’t anxious anymore. I’ll go to Flower City and have a look.”

Green nodded. With Zhao Hai’s intent, the couple moved to Fort Iron Mountain. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai, Meg, Woodhead, and Stonehead appeared in Flower City.

When they appeared, they were atop a vine. Meg and the other two looked around curiously, especially Meg, whose eyes were shining.

Meg likes flowers. Although she had already seen them on the screen, it was different from having an up close view of them. It was like she were in a dream, or in a fairy tale world. Everything was so beautiful that it didn’t seem real.

Woodhead and Stonehead also looked around. Zhao Hai had already seen it once, so he, naturally, wasn’t surprised. He turned his head towards Cai-er, who still sat on his shoulder, and asked, “Cai-er, what was this city for?”

Cai-er replied, “This city was constructed by the people of the continent to guard the space crack a long time ago. It was one of the continent’s five Great Devil Sealing Cities   . But due to a war that happened afterward, it had been destroyed. That hole was made by two experts fighting one another. They hadn’t thought that they would be the cause for breaking the seal. After that, I had extended my branches out and left through the hole, then emitted a smog and soon after, nobody came here.”

Zhao Hai nodded and looked around. At present he couldn’t see any of the buildings in the city as all of the structures were covered with vines. Zhao Hai couldn’t help himself as he asked, “Cai-er, can we also use the buildings of the city?”

Cai-er nodded. “Some of them can be used. The problem is that a large portion of the city was destroyed during the war. If the Young Master wishes to settle down here, then you don’t need to live in those buildings. Instead, I can clear up some of those structures. You can then ask me which type of buildings you want and it will be done.”

Zhao Hai remembered that Cai-er had been able to make tables, chairs, and even cups out of vines when she’d entertained him earlier   . Since she could make tables and chairs, a house should be easy, right   ? Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, but for now, people won’t be living here. You should first clean up some of the buildings that can still be used. Oh, right. Is there anything here we can use? Things like magic supplies and the like? Didn’t you say this place had many books? Where are they?”

Cai-er smiled and said, “Young Master, the books have already decomposed. So many years have passed. If I remember correctly, I have been here for 10,000 years? There aren’t many items remaining.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He turned his head back towards Cai-er and gave her a strange expression. “So, Cai-er. How old are you?”

Cai-er thought for a while, then shook her head. “I don’t know. Before appearing here, however, I had already lived for a long time.”

Zhao Hai patted his head. He really hadn’t thought Cai-er had actually lived for that long already. Can it even be regarded as a 10,000-year-old Old Demon? Zhao Hai curiously asked Cai-er, “So, what were you doing all this time?”

Cai-er thought for a while, then said, “Most of the time, I was just sleeping. There wasn’t much to amuse me in the Devil World. Everyone there just wars every day. It just looks like trouble. But then, there wasn’t anything to do in the swamp too. These magic beasts in the swamp, at the beginning their ranks weren’t that high. My existence, however, had caused their ranks to become higher and higher. Yet they still couldn’t beat me. Furthermore, they respected me and protected me all the time. Thus, I didn’t handle any matters. It was alright for me to just sleep.”

Zhao Hai tapped his head, helpless. After such a long time, Cai-er had unexpectedly only slept. It was really too much.

Meg and the others continued to look around and observe their surroundings before returning to the Space. Perhaps it was due to the new background, but the people inside the Space felt particularly refreshed.

Zhao Hai didn’t stay there for too long. They immediately went to Fort Iron Mountain. Upon seeing Fort Iron Mountain, Zhao Hai and the other three were frozen stiff for a moment. Fort Iron Mountain had become a second Flower City.

The walls were covered with vines, and the vines bloomed flowers all over. The castle was also slowly being surrounded by that seven-colored smog. Compared with the Carrion Swamp, however, it was lighter here.

Cai-er was really quite smart. She deliberately placed no vines on the ground and none near the places that were commonly used. Instead, the vines were kept along the walls and a little bit along the castle, creating an impressive look.

Zhao Hai was very satisfied with the results, but still turned his head towards Cai-er and asked, “Cai-er, do you have control over the smog? Since I need to improve the land, having the smog here means I won’t be able to do so.”

“The Young Master doesn’t need to worry,” replied Cai-er, smiling. “I can control this smog. Later on, I will make the smog slowly move towards the boundaries of the Black Waste and keep the middle area clear for planting crops.”

Zhao Hai nodded. One must say that Cai-er was really good at her job. It wasn’t only her battle efficiency, but also her intelligence. When he told her about any matters, she would manage them well. It was just like having a multipurpose secretary   .

It was around this time that Green and Meirin entered the fort from outside. They saw Zhao Hai and went to greet him. “Young Master,” Green said, “I told the slaves that there weren’t any problems.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He looked at the old couple and said, “We’ll now go to Bluestone Villa and have a look. These past few days, Laura hasn’t sent any letters and I’m somewhat worried. It’s necessary for us to have a look.”

Green shook his head and said, “They shouldn’t have moved so fast. Even if the Merkey Dell clan wants to move against us, they must still gather their forces first. They might send in a force greater than the one from before. If they wish to extinguish us, they should know we won’t take it lying down. Adding in the Purcell clan, such a force would mean the Markey Dell clan would have to think deeply on their moves first. I think it may take some time for them to assemble their forces.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, but we’ll still have to go to Bluestone Villa and have a look. If there really isn’t anything there, then we’ll just go back to the Carrion Swamp. We’ll ask Little Wen to look for plants and animals. Although the Space had leveled up to 21, the ranch is still at the same low level. We should make it so that the ranch can level up faster.”





* * *

