







Chapter 401 – Methods

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that he actually practiced for a full day and night. Upon hearing Green’s question, he smiled and said, “Grandpa Green, my Battle Qi has reached 8th rank.”

When Zhao Hai said his answer, everybody present were shocked. Each and every one of them stared blankly at Zhao Hai. After quite some time, Green’s two eyes lit up as he said, “Young Master, did your Battle Qi really reach 8th rank? Operate it for me, let me take a look.”

Zhao Hai nodded, as an 8th rank Warrior, he was able to achieve Battle Qi manifestation. With a thought, Zhao Hai made his golden Battle Qi go out of from within his body, lighting the room up with a golden light. Zhao Hai looked like a small sun, but without the extreme heat.

Since he didn’t have much experience, Zhao Hai took quite some time before withdrawing his Battle Qi. Nevertheless, Green was still grinning from ear to ear. With Zhao Hai achieving 8th rank, he could already be considered as an expert in the continent.

An 8th rank Warrior that can also use 8th rank Magic of multiple elements. Everytime Green thought about Zhao Hai’s enemies, he couldn’t help but feel pity.

After Zhao Hai retrieved his battle Qi, Green laughed and said, “It’s really 8th rank, 8th rank! Fantastic! Young Master, I propose that 2 hours every evening, me and Kun will come to the Space and teach you about fighting with Battle Qi.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Green just proposed, he couldn’t help but complain inside. But he also knew that Green was doing this for his own good. The Space can turn him from nothing to 8th rank in an instant but it couldn’t help him with fighting skills. If Zhao Hai only had Battle Qi but didn’t have any fighting skills, then he will never become a true expert. In a battle between Warriors, Zhao Hai would get easily defeated by a 5th rank.

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, Granpa Green can feel relieved, I’ll go call you and Grandpa Kun every evening. Right, Laura, did you give an explanation to Charlie?”

Laura who was sitting nearby smiled, “Be relieved, that matter is already solved. But Brother Hai, do you notice something different in the living room?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he looked around the living room. However, he didn’t seem to notice something strange. He looked at Laura with a confused expression.

Laura smiled and said, “Didn’t you notice that there aren’t any metallic things here?”

Zhao Hai observed carefully, and indeed, there weren’t any items made of metal in the living room. Still with a puzzled look, he turned to Laura, “What happened? Why aren’t there any metallic objects in the room? Did they affect my cultivation?”

Laura responded, “We were afraid that you’ll get battered to death by those metallic objects. You didn’t notice





but when you practiced your Battle Qi, all the metallic things in the room came flying towards you as though are a huge human shaped magnet. Brother Hai, I think you should also train this new ability along with your Battle Qi. I suspect that you had acquired a Divergent Ability, one that can manipulate metals.”

Upon hearing Laura’s description, Zhao Hai’s mind couldn’t help but think of a certain white haired old man wearing a cloak on his whole body along with a strange helmet, a man that was named Magneto.

Back on Earth, Zhao Hai was enamoured with the X-men series. The main villain Magneto had left a deep impression on Zhao Hai. It was no wonder why Magneto was the first thing to pop into his mind when Laura told him that he may have developed a metal manipulation Divergent Ability,

Magneto’s ability had always been envied by Zhao Hai, so when he found that he had the Marvel villain’s power, he was very excited.

At this time, Green said, “Young Master, I think you should head outside the Space and see the situation. Laura said that you were cultivating yesterday, if you don’t go out today, Charlie may find it suspicious.”

Zhao Hai immediately turned on the monitor and looked at outside. Seeing that it was already time for breakfast, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll return to the Space this evening for Fighting Practice and training for Metal Manipulation.”

Green smiled, “Don’t worry too much, you’re now 8th rank, an expert in the continent. As long as you train diligently in your fighting techniques, you won’t need to be anxious. I’m also hoping that the young master will practice his metal manipulation well, and don’t use it in front of people too much. Make that ability a secret weapon.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I already have a lot of methods right now, keeping one hidden won’t be a problem. Grandpa Green, you should also go back to Iron Mountain Fort. That place won’t function well without you people there.”

Green nodded, then Zhao Hai delivered the group back to Iron Mountain Fort. After doing so, he lead Laura and the others back to their room in the Haven, before heading towards the living room.

At this time, Charlie was also there. When he saw Zhao Hai, he immediately expressed his greetings, “How was mister’s practice? Did you gain some improvements?”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile, “A little bit. I have unknowingly neglected your highness yesterday, I hope you’ll accept my forgiveness.”

Charlie smiled and said, “It’s normal for a Mage to train closed-door for a day or two, mister doesn’t need to apologize. In a few days we will arrive at Jade Water City, mister coming out this time made me quite glad.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “I just felt something, so I went for a short one day retreat. Your highness also knows that we’re





we’re currently at sea, so it wouldn’t be practical to close-up for a long time. Right, your highness, we should have breakfast together. How about we do some fishing after our meal?”

Charlie laughed, “Good, there should be quite a few fish at this part of the sea. I haven’t fished for a while, I wonder what mister’s fishing level is?”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile, “I can’t really fish. I just do it to kill some time. Hehe.” Afterwards, him and Charlie went to the dining room.

After having their breakfast, Zhao Hai and Charlie sat down by the ship’s stern to fish. Laura and the others were chatting at the side, while Shue and Shun were quietly serving them.

Now that the ship was continuously moving, it was naturally impossible for the group to catch anything. However, they were able to kill some time while doing so.

Looking at the blue sky, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but let out a long breath as he leaned on the chair and said, “Sometimes, I really feel tired when going around like this, not knowing where the future will take me. Your highness, do you think that this is how people should live?”

Charlie looked at Zhao Hai and faintly smiled, “You can live how you want to live. But if you want to live a better life than others, then you need to work very hard for it. This is a truth of life.”

Zhao Hai smiled and didn’t add anything. Then suddenly, Zhao Hai saw something on the distance. It seems like there were several ships approaching, originally Zhao Hai didn’t worry for even a bit. They were currently sailing near the coastlines, seeing these number of ships were quite normal. However, Zhao Hai felt that something wasn’t right about these ships, they were heading directly towards the Haven without even slowing down.

Zhao Hai stared at the ships, constantly feeling that those ships weren’t up to something good. At this time, a sound came, warning the group that they have become the target of those ships.

Zhao Hai turned his head towards Charlie and said helplessly, “Your highness, it seems like our travel itinerary has become quite eventful. Let’s head to the cabin’s living room, let’s see who we’re dealing with here.”

Charlie didn’t object, he just faintly smiled and followed ZHao Hai towards the cabin. A moment later, a shot from a magic cannon was heard, then a ballista shot. Good thing that Zhao Hai’s ship was ironclad, quite strong against attacks, it should be quite fine for a few moments.

Before long, Jinan walked in from the outside and reported to Zhao Hai, “Young Master, the boats had hit us. What do we do?”

Zhao Hai’s complexion sank, “Hit us? And it also seems like we lost some undead. Your Highness, you sit here for a moment, I’ll go take a look.”

Charlie smiled, “I’ll go as well.





as well. This area is quite close to my Jade Water City’s domain, I want to take a look at the people who dared be so rampant.”

Zhao Hai didn’t object, both him and Charlie went to the deck outside. What met them was a scene where ships were surrounding and approaching Zhao Hai’s vessel. One of them were even heading towards their ship at a faster rate, intending to ram the Haven. On the opponent ship’s bow was a sharp conical point. One could see a glint of light upon the object, it was clearly made from metal.

On the ship was a Wind Mage, giving the ship added velocity. This made the ship move quickly.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation and wielded his staff. Immediately, their ship was surrounded by strong winds as it shifted it position. This made Charlie stare, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai was also able to use Wind element Magic, and it seemed like it wasn’t a weak spell either.

The exhibition didn’t end, after using Wind element Magic, Zhao Hai changed to using Water element Magic as he froze a big area of the sea’s surface. This gave the opponent’s ship difficulty in moving forward.

The other ship wasn’t that far from Zhao Hai’s Haven. Since they were at this distance, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to stop it. Zhao Hai’s magic only delayed its approach.

At this time, the opposing ship attacked with two water dragons. The dragons collided with the frozen sea, scattering frozen sludge all over the place.

Zhao Hai’s brows couldn’t help but wrinkle. It seems like the opponent came prepared, there was actually a Water Mage along with the Wind Mage.

When it seems like the other party saw Zhao Hai’s group, they immediately directed the magic cannons and ballistas to his direction. Zhao Hai immediately waved his wand as it produced a blue-colored water shield. The other party’s cannons and ballistas were useless in the face of this protective shield.

The shield was made through the Space’s 8th rank magic. Shields made on this level weren’t that easily broken through.

After releasing the blue shield, Zhao Hai followed through by releasing his composite magic. Composite spells made by two elements were quite handy. For example, combining Wind element and Water element magic would create a tornado with icy blades inside it, this made the spell’s lethality increase.

Composite magics were very formidable. If two 4th rank spells were combined, then it wouldn’t be worse than a 6th rank spell. However, the difficulty of achieving such feat was very high. The user needs to be compatible with at least two elements of magic. Moreover, he also needed to have a high rank in both departments.

Obviously, these requirements were useless for Zhao Hai. It was the Space who provided the magic, so doing a composite spell was quite easy.

But one must know that Zhao Hai had been quite

had been quite diligent in his study of magic. He tried out a lot of magics and even had them written down. All of Zhao Hai’s notes were compiled to the point that the contents could fit into a book.

Zhao Hai knew that magic was his main method of battle. Therefore, he was very meticulous in studying magic, he carefully recorded the effects and names of each spell. Then he came up with various composite magics using his findings.

This time, Zhao Hai released a Wind-Water composite magic. The tornado, along with its sharp icy blades, soared up into the skies and directly headed towards the opponent ships.

Zhao Hai didn’t use this spell in order to kill the people onboard the ships, but to deal with the ships’ sails. Once their sails were dealt with, then it would be impossible for the other party to outmaneuver them, much less hit them.

Naturally, the opponent hadn’t noticed Zhao Hai’s composite magic, they expected it to be just any ordinary tornado spell; used for stopping the advancement of their ships. But when the spell reached them, they realized how strong the spell actually was.

Crewmen who weren’t prepared to defend themselves were either injured or worse, killed, by the icy blades. The most annoying thing for these people was the fact that their sails were shredded by the composite spell.

Charlie had been watching Zhao Hai’s battle. Even without his undead, Zhao Hai was still a formidable figure. Without using his undead, he was still able to decommission the opponent ships.

But Zhao Hai didn’t plan on letting those people off. He wanted to know which power the other party belonged to and why they attacked him. After all, they damaged the Haven, it would cost a fortune to repair it.

After the sails of the ships were rendered useless, Zhao Hai immediately used his Water element magic in order to freeze the surface of the sea. Charlie didn’t understand what Zhao Hai wanted to do. At this time, Zhao Hai waved his staff as large quantities of undead appeared on the icy surface before they proceeded to overrun the opponents. Even though the ships were already close enough to place the undead there directly, Zhao Hai still deliberately did so since he didn’t want to show Charlie the full extent of his capabilities.

Seeing the present scene, Charlie couldn’t help but feel a cold sweat coming down his back. Zhao Hai’s method made him very startled. The method that Zhao Hai used was very effective in sea battles.

At the same time, Charlie thought that if Zhao Hai was this formidable at sea, then what would he be on land? It would be a nightmare to face Zhao Hai as an enemy. Now, Charlie was praising his intuition. He had already become a friend to Zhao Hai, assistance from such a person would certainly be very valuable.





* * *


  












Chapter 402 – Markey Family

Naturally, the other party also saw Zhao Hai’s actions, they didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have this much methods in combat. The only information that they obtained about him before was that he was a Dark Mage. Today, they were made aware that he was surprisingly able to use spells of other departments.

However, Zhao Hai’s opponents were also experienced in battles. As soon as they saw Zhao Hai’s undead army, they immediately acted accordingly. The two water dragons that were previously used to break the ice once again emerged and began to crash towards the approaching undead army,

Unfortunately for them, Zhao Hai’s undead were surprisingly high-level, these kinds of attacks were not able to affect them.

When the undead saw the magic attack heading their direction, two of them went forward, cyan light flashed from their bodies as they wielded their weapons. When the two dragons went in contact with the two undead, two Sword Qi met them, slicing them into halves before the water splashed back to the sea.

Charlie who was standing on the Haven had his eyes turn blank upon seeing the scene. He was speechless. An undead using Battle Qi, this was the first time he saw such a thing. This was an eye opening experience.

The opponent was also unprepared for such an outcome that they forgot to make a move. The undead used this opportunity to quickly board their ships.

When the undead came onboard, the crew was unable to fight them off. This was because the Undead were very strong right now, they were not inferior to 8th rank Warriors.

An 8th rank warrior, when placed on any ordinary clan, would immediately become its ancestor, supporting the family singlehandedly. But Zhao Hai just released a lot of those experts casually, making those not part of his group quite startled.

His attack didn’t end here, after releasing waves of undeads warriors, he also added a lot of Jackal Race Cavalry to the mix.

The Jackals were quite small, but they were very fast. Before the people on the ships came to notice them, they were already on their boats.

Zhao Hai considered the matter





finished. The enemy had six five-master ironclad battleships overall, he released 12 thousand undead just now, 2 thousand undead pero ship should be able to deal with the opposite party.

Zhao Hai stopped his actions and just stared at the several ships. Although those who were on the ships continued to resist, they weren’t able to do so for longer since they were a lot weaker.

Seeing the situation, Zhao Hai relaxed and turned to smile at Charlie, “Your highness, it seems like my fleet of ships has increased. How about it, do you want two ships to play around with? With a boat like mine, you would be able to fish whenever you want at sea.”

Charlie recovered from his daze, he made a complex expression when he looked at the ships that came to attack them. He shook his head and said, “Forget it, I don’t have that much free time to wander about in the sea. Mister should keep these ships. However, I think that those who wanted to deal with us aren’t simple people. Sending six five-masted ironclad ships isn’t something ordinary powers could do.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “It think these people didn’t come for your highness, but instead for me. Your Highness, I’m afraid that I had unexpectedly implicated you.”

Charlie smiled and said, “What implicated? Since you decided to lend me a hand, naturally your enemies are now also my enemies. Thus, their attacks on you should also mean an attack on me, no need to say that you implicated me.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t add anything. He knows that Charlie was saying this in order to win him over. However, seeing someone want to win him over was also something he enjoyed a lot.

He wielded his staff as six clumps of black gas flew and encircled the six ships. Before long, people inside the ship became quite busy. Charlie noticed that there were some undead that proceeded to change the sails on the ships.

It was common for ships to have spare sails. They sail the seas all year round, what would they do if a storm suddenly hits them? If the storms blow the sails





sails away or just rips them apart, what would they do? Since they couldn’t just wait for their deaths or until some other ship saved them, they naturally would carry along spare sails.

At this time, the undead that Zhao Hai released came back while walking along the icy surface. Zhao Hai stored them, leaving only three Mages behind.

Charlie looked at the three Mages and knew that were the Mages on board the enemy ships. Moreover, looking from their appearances, it seems like they were turned into undead by Zhao Hai.

At this point, Charlie’s mind went numb. Although he wasn’t a Dark Mage, he knew that it wasn’t easy for a Dark Mage to turn people into Advanced level undead. But it seems like this law didn’t apply to Zhao Hai, so long as he waved his staff, he can turn anyone into an undead, an Advanced Level undead.

Zhao Hai observed his new undead Mages, one was a Wind Mage, one was a Water Mage, while the last one was unexpectedly a Light Mage.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, it seems like those who wanted to deal with him had been quite thoughtful. They sent a Wind Mage to deal with his ship, a Water Mage to combat better at sea, and a Light Mage to counter him being a Dark Mage. It was clear that the opponent specifically sent them do deal with Zhao Hai.

What made Zhao Hai surprised was the fact that the Mages didn’t bring any sort of emblem on their bodies. Obviously to make their identities unknown.

Zhao Hai looked at the Light Mage and said, “Are you a person of the Radiant Church?”

The Light Mage bowed and said, “Yes, Young Master. I am indeed a Radiant Church person, current assignment is a Priest.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he asked again, “Did the Radiant Church send you this time to deal with me?” Zhao Hai knew that a Priest is a level lower than a Radiant Church’s White-clothed Bishop.

The Priest shook his head and said, “They didn’t, this time I had received an invitation from the Markey Family to deal with Young Master. This isn’t an assignment given by the





by the Church.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he frowned, “It surprisingly the Markey Family, I didn’t expect that. You two as well?”

The other Mages nodded, “Yes, Young Master, we are Markey family’s foreign elders. We received the order to deal with you.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Except for dealing with me, did the Markey Family have any other plans?”

Tho two mages shook their heads as one of them answered, “We don’t know, the family only told us about this assignment, they didn’t tell us about any other actions.”

Zhao Hai looked at the two mages and said, “Aside from the two of you, who else was on the ship?”

The mages immediately said, “We have Captain Gauter, he is a trusted aide of the family. Everything on the fleet is under his control, we listen to him.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then with an intention, a person ran towards them from one of the attacking ships. This man was quite good, although the ice was starting to melt, making it quite slippery, he was still able to run on it without much issue. Before long, the man arrived in front of Zhao Hai and bowed, “Gauter meets Young Master Zhao Hai, what does the young master need?”

Zhao Hai looks at this person, he looked about 40 years old, very ordinary looking and had a thick brown skin; obviously from the constant sea travel. Zhao Hai immediately responded, “Did the Markey Family have any other moves other than sending you to deal with me?”

Gauter shook his head, “Nothing else, young master. In order to deal with you, the family had spend quite a bit of money. Along with the six five-masted ironclad ships, they also invited two 8th rank mages, a priest, and five 8th rank warriors. The family told me that losing the six ships didn’t matter as long as young master is dealt with.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Good, you go back and fix the sails as soon as possible. Follow us afterwards.” Gauter complied and turned to head back to his ship. Zhao Hai waved his staff and received the three Mages into the Space.

Charlie stood still at the side, observing. He was now made aware of

made aware of the best way to interrogate someone, it was to turn them into an Advanced Level undead. This way, even if you ask the person when he stopped wetting his bed, he will immediately tell you.

Zhao Hai turned to Charlie and said, “Your highness, we should continue on. No need to manage them, they will catch up soon.”

Charlie nodded, then along with Zhao Hai and the others, they returned to the ship’s living room. After sitting down, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, “Laura, it seems like the Markey Family had gone quite restless. What do you think we should do?”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “No need to be anxious. This time, they dispatched six five-masted ships along with a few experts, which we just wiped out. Now, their ships and people belong to us. I believe that this is be quite a huge blow to the Markey Family, they should be staying their hand for quite some time. If they did plan to deal with us again, then we wouldn’t be polite, let’s just deal with them directly, ending everything. There should be a lot of people who also wants to deal with them, let’s see if they could handle that.”

Zhao Hai and Charlie laughed. Charlie knew about Laura, he just didn’t expect that she would be treating the Markey Family this way, it was not what he thought about.

Zhao Hai was not surprised. He already knew Laura’s view of the Markey Family, so it was normal for her reaction to be like this. In fact, if he also asked Karen about his input, he would without a doubt say the same thing. This pair of father and daughter had long lost their sense of belonging towards the Markey Family.

At this time, Jinan walked in and bowed to Zhao Hai, “Young master, after examining the ship, we have lost five magic cannons, 20 ballistas, and the ship’s hull became slightly damaged. However, this wouldn’t affect our navigation, we can immediately head out.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, then we’ll let Gauter change his sails by himself, let’s head out.” Jinan nodded, then turned away.





* * *


  












Chapter 403 – Method of Improving Strength

After eating supper, Zhao Hai entered the space, and at the same time he also called Green and Kun. The two were to teach Zhao Hai fighting skills today.

When Zhao Hai told the two about what just happened earlier this day, the old men didn’t worry at all. Although the Markey Family was a strong power, they were still a merchant family, just like the Shelley Family. If they wanted to deal with a person, they needed to make a deal with the nation where that person was residing in, and they also need to spend a lot of resources to do so.

This time, the Markey family had overreached their boundaries. They didn’t do a good job at investigating. They weren’t even aware that Charlie was present inside Zhao Hai’s ship.

It didn’t matter if they were determined or just plain careless, their actions today had already been noted. As the third prince of the continent’s most powerful nation, there weren’t a lot of people who would dare take action against him, let alone a Merchant Family.

Merchant Families were rich, but for Rosen Empire, the continent’s most powerful nation, they were nothing. If the Rosen Empire wanted to deal with the Markey family, then it would be easy. As long as the family had its business spread out among a lot of nations, Rosen Empire could just form an alliance with them and they would certainly be willing to eat the businesses of the family.

The reason the Markey Family was feared was because of its vast resources, but these resources could also be the reason for their demise.

When Zhao Hai saw that the two elders weren’t very worried, he let go of the topic. He now began to train his fighting techniques with Green and Kun. The first thing he studied was naturally Sword techniques.

Zhao Hai’s Battle Qi has reached 8th rank, and with his body being strengthened by the Detoxification potion and the Goldmetal fruit, his strength had reached an absurd degree. The moment he learns how to





use Battle Qi along with fighting techniques properly, his power would increase exponentially.

The first part of Zhao Hai’s Sword technique practice were the fundamental moves; the stab, cut, point, wipe, lock, stagger, and stick. These moves were the basic stances of any Sword technique. No matter how fierce a technique was, they would still be made up of these moves.

After practicing for two hours, Green made Zhao Hai take a rest. At this time, Zhao Hai thought that if the Detoxification and Goldmetal fruit could increase his capabilities, then wouldn’t that work for Laura and the others as well? If the group could use the Goldmetal fruit to increase their strength, then that would be a good thing for them overall.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai immediately said, “Cai’er, come here.” Cai’er complied, she flew over to Zhao Hai and stared at him.

Zhao Hai smiled at her and said, “Cai’er, please go inspect whether Laura and the others could use the Detoxification potion as well as the Goldmetal fruit to improve their strengths.”

Cai’er nodded, then waved her hand as lights surrounded Green, Kun, Laura, Meg, Nier, Shue, Shun, Blockhead, and Rockhead. Before long, the light vanished.

Cai’er turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, Grandpa Green and Grandpa Kun couldn’t be scanned, the Space didn’t have enough levels to do so. Miss Laura may take the Goldmetal fruit, but it needs to be halved, taken in 10 day intervals. 10 days after the second round, she would have the same rank as the young master. Miss Meg’s aptitude is very good, but she isn’t suitable for the Goldmetal Fruit, she needs a special potion. However, since the Space doesn’t have enough levels, young master cannot purchase the components yet. The same condition applies to Shue and Shun. Blockhead and Rockhead can directly take in a Goldmetal fruit to reach the same level as young master, but since they aren’t the Space’s host, they wouldn’t get an ability.”

Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he made a happy expression, “Good! Fantastic! Immediately buy three Golmetal





Golmetal Fruits and give one of them to Laura. We’ll worry about Meg’s situation when the time comes. Right, you didn’t say anything about Nier, what’s her situation?”

Cai’er said, “Nier’s situation is special. She isn’t suitable for any current potions in the Space. She needs a special fruit to eat in order to enhance her skill in communicating with animals. This is her special ability.”

Zhao Hai knit his brows, “What fruit? Do you know?”

Cai’er shook her head, “I don’t know. There is no information about the fruit in the space currently. But from the materials that the Space had absorbed so far, there’s a 90% probability that the fruit exists.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good. Let’s first buy a Goldmetal Fruit then.”

Cai’er responded, “Young Master, Cai’er proposes to buy a single Goldmetal fruit and plant it. Even though we need to wait for a few days, we can save 20 thousand gold coins.”

Zhao Hai patted his head and smiled, “Alright, good. Let’s go according to what you say. In any case, you have a strong computing power right now, you can see things more than me.”

After he said that, he turned to Laura, Blockhead, and Rockhead, “It looks like you need to wait for a few more days.”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “We’re not in a hurry. We’ve already been at our ranks for a long time, waiting for a few more days wouldn’t be an issue. However, Brother Hai, I think we should upgrade the Space as soon as possible to help Meg and the others. The Space may even find ways to upgrade Grandpa Green and the others.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then sighed, “That’s easy to say. Now that the Farm has reached level 30, upgrading 1 level will be extremely difficult. It seems like it will take a long time. Meg, you shouldn’t get discouraged, continue training and maybe you may even rise to 8th rank by yourself.”

Meg looked at Zhao Hai and gave a sweet smile, “It’s alright, young master, don’t worry. Make Elder Sister Laura rank up first, her present level is





level is too low.”

Laura made an offended expression and said, “Little girl, you dare tease me?” Then she ran off to chase Meg, who also ran while laughing. The two became quite jolly while teasing each other.

Looking at the two, Green smiled, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, let’s practice for a little bit more, then we’ll rest.” Zhao Hai nodded, then stood up and continued to do his boring exercises.

At this time, Zhao Hai didn’t know that Ruyen’s escorts were currently very nervous. This was because behind their vessel, a three-masted battleship was closely following. It was just there, leisurely sailing not far from their ship, it didn’t attack them nor did it try to contact them. They didn’t know if this ship was an enemy or a friend.

Hart, who was the ship captain that the Purcell Family had sent this time, was also quite anxious about this ship. He didn’t know what this ship intends to do, and why it followed them. If he were to say that it was a pirate ship, it wouldn’t fit either. Pirates would never attack their ship, this was because of nothing else than the fact that an experienced pirate would instantly know that their ship had nothing valuable in it.

Someone who sailed the seas all year round would see from water displaced by the ship that it didn’t have anything in its cargo. Attacking their ship wouldn’t be worth it.

In order to ensure Ruyen’s safety, Hart even chose to sail along the coastlines, opting to pay taxes in order to increase their security. Pirates wouldn’t generally raid along the coastlines in fear of being surrounded by a nation’s navy.

However, the other ship followed them closely that it made them uncomfortable. In the end, there was no other way for Hart to do but inform Ruyen about the situation.

Ruyen frowned as she listened to Hart’s report, “You mean there’s a three-master battleship following not far from us? It didn’t attack us nor got in touch with us? Is that right?”

Hart replied, “Yes, Miss. We don’t

Miss. We don’t know what the other party wanted to do, it just followed uis. I’m really worried because there’s going to be an area between Rosen Empire and Aksu Empire that is under nobody’s jurisdiction. Pirates are present there, I’m afraid that the ship would act against us in that place.”

Ruyen nodded, “Come, let’s go out. I want to look at that ship with my own eyes.” She said as she went out of the cabin first.

After inspecting the boat closely, Ruyen suddenly smiled and turned to Hart, “Hart, you don’t have to worry, just leave them be and continue on. That boat holds no malice towards us, if I guessed it right, they might even be here to protect us.” Then she turned and went back to the cabin, leaving a very confused Hart behind.

Hart really couldn’t understand why Ruyen was so sure that the other party was protecting them, But if Ruyen said so, then he wouldn’t have any say in the matter. He just instructed his crew to be alert.

Ruyen can relax, but Hart can’t. So the only thing he could do was raise the alertness of the crew. No matter what, he couldn’t make Ruyen suffer an accident.

When Ruyen returned to her own room, Jill asked her, “Your highness, why did you tell Hart to not worry? Do you recognize that ship?”

Ruyen shook her head, “i don’t know that boat, but I know of its style. Couldn’t you see that the ship doesn’t look like a standard ship of the Rosen Empire? Its appearance had been changed a little. Think about that ship that we met on Law River.”

Jill stared at Ruyen for a moment before his eyes lit up, “Your highness, you think that ship was sent by Mister Zhao Hai to protect us?”

Ruyen smiled faintly and said, “It’s possible. But forget it, Hart would still be alert no matter what I say. This is also good, it would be best if the ship is our friend, but if it is an enemy, we wouldn’t be caught off guard.”





* * *


  












Chapter 404 – Ruyen is Attacked

Taking the sea route, travelling from Rosen Empire to Aksu empire would take seven days. Upon arriving at Aksu Empire, it would need about three more days of travel before they can reach Buding City, the nearest port from Purcell Duchy. Ruyen would disembark there and transfer into a carriage. Then it would take 7 days or so for them to arrive at Casa City.

But Hart was aware that on the fifth day of their travel, they would be sailing inside non-governed waters. They would travel for two days inside this area.

In this place, both Rosen Empire and Aksu Empire ships were rarely seen. This was because this area is considered to be the buffer zone between the two empires. If either fleet comes inside, the other would feel anxious, thinking that they might get attacked. So for a long time, there were no empire ships sailing these waters. Unfortunately, this also made this area a pirate’s heaven.

Anybody sailing this area knew that they might get attacked at any time. So most sailors would be very alert while being here, preparing for a fight at all times.

After sailing for several days, they were finally about to entered the buffer zone along with the unknown ship. Hart became even more nervous since the ship was still following them.

In order to let the crew rest well and prepare them for the possible battles, Hart made the ship stop first and get a good rest before proceeding. Hart also wanted to know if the ship was really following or was just on the same path as them.

In the end, Hart finally found out that the other party was indeed following them. When they stopped to rest, the other ship also stopped. It just kept a safe distance from their ship.

After reporting to Ruyen, Hart understood that there was no use in further expressing his concerns. Thus, he just ordered his crew to always be prepared for battle.

After resting for a day, Hart officially entered the unregulated part of their route. All of the ships sailing here were keeping a safe distance between each other, mainly to avoid misunderstandings, another reason was to keep alert since any merchant ship could turn out to be a pirate ship.

Hart was also paying special attention to the ship that was constantly tailing them. Seeing the ship still keeping a safe distance away from them and didn’t express any intentions to attack, Hart started to believe Ruyen’s words.

The first day passed safely. When evening came, Hart released the anchor and after appointing some sentries, retreated to take some rest. Naturally, all of them had their own weapons placed in a convenient place.

The next day, Hart’s ship sailed early. Everyone’s nerves were tight, they were afraid





of battles. Perhaps it was the heavens that helped them since they didn’t meet any attacks. This made Hart loosen up, and finally when they entered Aksu Empire waters in the evening, he finally breathed a sigh of relief.

However, what Hart didn’t think of was that they would actually suffer an attack the second day they entered the Aksu Empire’s territory. Moreover, this attack didn’t come from the ship behind them, but was actually from an Aksu Empire warship.

There was a three-master Aksu empire warship sailing on the waters. Hart originally thought that it was only a patrolling warship so he didn’t care. But he didn’t expect that when their ship reached the ship’s firing range, they were immediately met with a fierce attack. Hart’s ship suffered a huge loss, a lot of people in the ship were killed, a lot of ballistas were also destroyed.

Fortunately, Hart was well-experienced and immediately reacted. It didn’t matter why the other party attacked, but they immediately retaliated.

But in the end, their ship was only a Merchant ship while the other was a three-masted warship. Their firepower was inferior to the enemy, nor was their maneuverability. They were always in the state being defeated all the time.

At this time, the ship that had been following them came over and attacked the three-masted ship. The attack of the ship was also very fierce, its attacks weren’t something that a merchant ship like theirs were capable of doing. The main thing about the ship was that they seem to be unafraid of death, it just rushed towards the three-master ship as though it was willing to ram their ships together.

Seeing this, Hart fully believed that the other ship was escorting them. But Hart felt strange, if the ship was sent by the family to escort them , then why didn’t it contact Hart? If it wasn’t sent by the family, then who did?

The three-masted ship didn’t expect to face such a ship, it had been caught off guard. They also saw that the ship seemed to not care about life and death, it looks like it was willing to perish together.

The three-masted ship became afraid and immediately retreated. The escort ship didn’t go for pursuit, it returned to Hart’s ship and stayed at a safe distance away.

Hart performed some flag signals to get in contact, but the other ship didn’t respond. In the end, Hart could only continue on sailing. Three days later, they finally arrived at Buding City. The ship that followed them silently vanished.

That ship was obviously the Swordfish which was sent by Zhao Hai to escort Ruyen. The Swordfish was crewed by undead so of course they weren’t afraid of death. If they weren’t sent to escort Ruyen, they would’ve chased the three-masted ship and steal





steal it away.

And when Ruyen’s ship was attacked, Zhao Hai was naturally informed. When he heard that Ruyen’s ship was attacked by a battleship, Zhao Hai had no idea who was responsible.

Upon further consideration, Zhao Hai reckoned that it must have been Southern King Boris.. Boris had suffered a great loss under Zhao Hai, so he must have hated the Purcell Family as well. Thus, when Hart entered Aksu Empire waters, which was Boris’ domain, he immediately had a warship attack Ruyen.

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to deal with Boris right now since they had already arrived at Jade Water City. The size of the city was quite similar with RIsing Water City. Almost everything was similar except for the larger and much cleaner port.

Obviously, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to dock their ship at the public pier. After all, Charlie was on board, he also had his own private pier.

Under the guidance of Charlie, Zhao Hai’s ship arrived at the Third Prince’s private port. Naturally, the people on the pier were already informed that Charlie was inside the ship, so they didn’t block the Haven from entering. On the contrary, the pier was full of people.

When the Haven stopped at the pier, it immediately lowered its boarding plank. Charlie led Zhao Hai down the ship and handed the Haven over to Luri to perform some repairs. After all, the ship needed some good repairs since it suffered quite some damage from the previous battle.

Zhao Hai didn’t reject Charlie’s good intentions, so he ordered Jinan to go along with Liru’s instructions. Then he sat inside a carriage with Charlie as the two of them were escorted by Jade Water City’s Lord towards the mansion.

Jade Water City’s City Lord is named Trezebo, Charlie’s hardcore supporter. He helped Charlie take charge of his money purse. Trezebo looked very thin with a dry skin but Zhao Hai didn’t underestimate this man. Although this man didn’t have a single bit of Battle Qi fluctuation, Zhao Hai felt something in this person that he only felt with Shun.

What is Shun? He was an assassin. For this man to have the same temperament as Shun, then it meant that he was also an assassin himself. This made Zhao Hai surprised, he didn’t think that Charlie would actually leave Jade Water City in the hands of someone with that profession.

The carriage’s curtains were open while they were travelling inside the city. Charlie was pointing and introducing various famous buildings to Zhao Hai.

What made Zhao Hai surprised about Jade Water City was its difference from Rising Water City in managing businesses. In Jade Water City, selling of products were centralized in a certain section of the city. For example, if you are selling grain, they you’ll have to sell





to sell it in a specific area along with the other grain sellers; the same goes for other products such as commodities and etc.

Zhao Hai didn’t expect that Charlie would govern the city like this. But it was actually a good idea, this made managing the city much easier.

Looking at Zhao Hai’s expression of approval with regards to his administration, Charlie felt proud since this method was suggested by himself.


The carriage quickly arrived at the City Lord’s Mansion. The mansion was very stylish, but compared to Smith’s mansion, it lacked a few things here and there.

Upon arriving at the mansion, the three immediately went inside. Trezebo lead Charlie and Zhao Hai to the Purple Bamboo Courtyard that was already been prepared. This courtyard was the largest, most attractive, and most refined courtyard of the mansion. It was a courtyard meant specifically for Charlie’s use.

Originally, Zhao Hai didn’t want to stay here. However, he couldn’t just decline Charlie’s hospitality. The third prince wanted him to reside in Purple Bamboo Courtyard, so Zhao Hai had no choice but to stay.

To be honest, Zhao Hai actually liked the atmosphere inside the courtyard. Zhao Hai found Purple Bamboos to be beautiful, so naturally he would be extremely fond of the place.

One could say that Bamboo rice is also a type of bamboo. But since it was too long and is used mainly for grain production, its ornamental use was very unpopular.

At the same time, Purple Bamboo was also not mainly used for decoration. Purple Bamboo was actually a very good material for weapons. This fine bamboo can be used as a shaft for spears as well as a body for a bow. The bamboo was very tough, making it one of the most popular material for weapons in the Continent.

However, the Purple Bamboo was also like the Bread Tree, it was very picky about where it could grow. It had very strict requirements about temperature, humidity and climate. If these special conditions weren’t meant then they wouldn’t be able to survive. This made its output quite scarce in the continent.

Fortunately for Jade Water City, its location was the Purple Bamboo’s largest habitat. The mountains around the city were full of these bamboos, making them the most popular export of the area.

Upon arriving at the Purple Bamboo Courtyard, Trezebo asked to be excused in order to prepare the banquet. He didn’t leave behind a lot of servants in the courtyard since he knew that Charlie dislikes it. Therefore, he only had the place cleaned and left behind four maids. This arrangement was just right for Charlie’s preferences, and it coincidentally matched with Zhao Hai’s as well.

Since everything here is complete, Zhao Hai didn’t need to do a lot, so he quickly finished his unpacking.

The Purple Bamboo courtyard had a total

had a total of 27 rooms. Naturally, Charlie resided in the main room. Zhao Hai, on the other hand, stayed at an independent building.

After Zhao Hai’s group was settled in, Trezebo came in and expressed Charlie’s invitation for a meal. While he left Charlie earlier, Trezebo took that time as a chance to investigate Zhao Hai further. He already had some information about Zhao Hai, but he didn’t put any emphasis on it. But now that he was going to help Charlie, he needed to be screened carefully by Trezebo, after all, the assassin cared a lot about his lord.

After the group arrived at the dining room and sat down, a maid immediately provided the meals. The dishes were very good, the things that Trezebo had prepared weren’t that luxurious, however, they had some special characteristics, they were also made using seasonal ingredients, they were fresh.

Charlie was surely satisfied with his subordinate’s meal. While they were eating, Charlie introduced Trezebo and Zhao Hai with each other.

After eating, the group sat inside the living room. Charlie drank some tea and turned to Trezebo and said, “Trezebo, go give mister Zhao Hai my badge tomorrow. Make sure to exempt him from taxes later as well. Also, allow his ship to use my own personal pier. Right, also look for a good store location for mister Zhao Hai, after tidying it up, hand it over to mister as a gift.”

Trezebo gave a nod. Zhao Hai wasn’t polite and smiled to Charlie, “I give my thanks to your highness. When my people gets settled down, we’ll immediately send you the things we agreed on. Right, I also need a bunch of daily necessities as well as some iron, I’ll have to ask for your highness’ help in this.”

Charlie replied, “Iron? What does mister need iron for? Weapons? That wouldn’t be good. Even if I want to produce a large number of weapons, I still need to report it to the capital. You know that my situations is quite complex, I think mister should hand this over to someone else.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I understand. Don’t worry, I don’t need a lot of iron. On the other hand, I need a ton of necessities, include ceramic products as well. I’ll need your highness’ assistance with this. I want a lot, enough to fully stock one ship.”

Hearing Zhao Hai, Charlie nodded, “If that is so, then it wouldn’t be a problem, mister can rest assured. Trezebo, prepare those things from mister as soon as possible. Also, go prepare means to store and transport 50 thousand fire fishes. How many days would you need?”

Trezebo thought for a moment then replied, “Your highness, the things can be prepared tomorrow. But the equipment for the fire fishes would take at least ten days.”





* * *


  












Chapter 405 – Unexpected Benefit

Charlie nodded, “Good, prepare the things that mister wanted first. You can slowly prepare for the fire fishes later. Also, make some preparations, Mister Zhao Hai might bring back some aquatic magic beasts and marine products, be sure to receive them properly.”

Trezebo stared at Charlie, then his eyes lit up as he turned to Zhao Hai. He understood what merfolk products represented in the continent, they represent money, gold coins!

If Zhao Hai can get a large quantity of marine products from the merfolk, not making money off of it would be difficult. For them, this is very good information.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I don’t know how it will turn out, it depends on the heavens. If they give me something good, then that would be for the better.”

Charlie smiles and said, “Mister will certainly succeed, I have confidence in mister.” Not to say that Charlie had trust in Zhao Hai, per se, but in his undead. Through the battle previously, Charlie was made known of the formidability of Zhao Hai’s undead. Those undead were unbelievably strong.

Zhao Hai smiles and replies, “Your highness over praises me. But I still have to wait before Haven finishes its repairs. The ship only suffered a few damages during the attack, it shouldn’t take that long for it to be repaired. I also have a few more ships, they can act as the advance party, I’ll just follow them in the Haven.”

Charlie said, “Mister’s undead can be separated from you that far?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your highness had forgotten that they are Advanced level undead, naturally they can be separated from me for quite some distance. Your Highness, I just remembered a matter, I had a three-masted ship sent to escort a friend, but I didn’t expect that it would be attacked so it is quite damaged. After a period of time I’ll have to ask your highness for help regarding its repairs, what does your highness think?”

Charlie waved his hand and said, “This is a small matter,





you don’t have to worry about it. Just let your ship come. Alright, mister should take a rest first. I’ll have them repair your ship as soon as possible so that it can be returned to you.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then after giving Charlie a bow he returned to his room. One could say that his cooperation with Charlie went successfully, Zhao Hai was glad.

After returning to their building in Purple Bamboo Courtyard, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately take a rest. He first explored the courtyard’s bamboo grove along with Laura and others.

Zhao Hai didn’t just go around the grove to sightsee, naturally he also wanted to get a couple of bamboo shoots. If those shoots were planted on the ground, they would grow and eventually turn into their own bamboo forest.

The Purple Bamboo had very strict requirements as to its habitat, but it wouldn’t need that inside the Space. Zhao Hai was very confident in raising some Purple Bamboo there.

Every since he was little, Zhao Hai always wanted to have a house with a big patch of bamboo around it. He sees that scenario to be quite beautiful.

The Chinese people loved bamboo. There were many ancient poems that were written about bamboo. Zhao Hai was a writer and even though writers can do almost anything, Zhao Hai had a particular preference for Ancient Chinese. Therefore, he also liked poems about the tall grass. He always imagined himself living in a house covered by bamboo. Unfortunately, he lived in the north, a place not suitable for growing the plant. In the end, he never was able to grow his own.

In addition to his preference for bamboo, the Purple Bamboo was also able to save Zhao Hai’s worries about the future. First, the Purple Bamboo is a unique plant that can give the Space some experience. When Zhao Hai establishes his nation in the Black Wasteland in the future, he would inevitably need some soldiers for protection. With the Purple Bamboo’s characteristics, the need for massive amounts of weapon materials should get fulfilled.

After collecting shome





shome shoots about three feet long, Zhao Hai threw them into the Space. Sure enough, a prompt was transmitted. It stated that the Purple Bamboo had been evaluated with a Level of 35, however, it was unable to upgrade the Space.

This was what Zhao Hai expected, it was normal for the Space to not level up. After all, the Purple Bamboo’s level was only so-so, how would it be able to upgrade the Space?

Zhao Hai made Cai’er plant those bamboo shoots at the back of the villa and instructed her to take care of them carefully. Then the group continued exploring the grove to see whether this place had any other things of note.

For a bamboo grove that had not been cut for a long time, there should be some good things present here. No matter plant or animal, Zhao Hai would have a need for it. Currently, he had a lot of ecosystems present inside the Space, both marine and terrestrial. Zhao Hai wanted to find out if something on this grove would help those ecosystems.

Zhao Hai’s initial purpose of upgrading the Space was to cure his toxin. But even though he had already solved that problem and was now able to practice Battle Qi, there were still benefits in the Space just waiting for him to take. After upgrading the Space further, he may be able to help Meg and the others upgrade their ranks. This also applied to Grandpa Green’s group, they might even reach 9th rank. For Zhao Hai, this temptation is too great.

If Green and the others can become 9th rank experts, then that would be extremely fantastic. When the Buda Clan acquires a few 9th ranks in their pockets, nobody would say a word when they decide to resurface in the future.

Upon exploring, in addition to finding some mushrooms, Zhao Hai and the others also found a bamboo rat.

Zhao Hai had heard that this Bamboo Rat was quite the delicacy back on Earth. In Ark Continent, he wasn’t sure if the rodent had changed its flavor.

Zhao Hai





flavor.

Zhao Hai was dumbfounded when the Space received the mushrooms, their evaluation were unexpectedly higher than the Purple Bamboo, it said that the mushroom was a special treasure, had a nice taste and were full of nutrition. Its level was also above level 40, this surprised Zhao Hai.

His surprise was even more so for the Bamboo Rat, when it entered the space, it was unexpectedly evaluated to be level 50. It was a mouse variation that is affected by some plant genes. Not only was it delicious, it could also help in growing some plants and eliminate pests in the soil. Also, its attack power wasn’t weak, a fully grown adult would reach 7th or 8th rank in strength. Apparently, the one Zhao Hai just seized was a young rat.

A pleasant surprise, a pleasant surprise indeed. Zhao Hai didn’t think that he would come across such valuable things. To be able to get some highly valued stuff just by taking a casual stroll in a bamboo grove was an extremely lucky situation.

Laura and the others were even more surprised than Zhao Hai. This was because there was no custom in the Ark Continent of eating mushrooms. Thus, when they saw Zhao Hai absorb the fungi into the Space, they were puzzled. And when they saw that it had a high evaluation, they were dumbfounded.

Hearing Laura talk about not eating mushrooms, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but pat his head. When Green went to forage some food in the forest before, he probably didn’t look for some mushrooms. No wonder he felt that there were a lack of fungi inside the Space, it turned out to be this.

But it was not too late, they could correct that thought afterwards. After strolling for a few more minutes in the bamboo grove, Zhao Hai didn’t find any notable things to absorb aside from some insects, naturally he absorbed those too.

Although insects were common, they were also crucial to ecosystems. Thus, Zhao Hai wasn’t polite and absorbed a bunch of those directly. But since the insects were very common,

were very common, it didn’t make the Space level up, the Space didn’t even give any evaluations for them, it just ignored them. However, the Ranch was already a small world, so those insects were still placed there.

Afte walking around the grove, Zhao Hai’s group returned to their small building. Laura was interested in today’s harvest, although it wasn’t very big, they had gotten quite some interesting things.

Zhao Hai smiled at the group and immediately brought them to the Space. At this time, the Space had allocated a space of ten mu where the Goldmetal Fruit was planted. The Goldmetal tree had already grown quite a bit, but it still didn’t bear any fruit.

Ten mu of ground for such a little tree seemed very strange. But Laura and the others looked at the Goldmetal Fruit with a look full of hope. They knew that as soon as this tree bears fruit, they would be able to increase their rank.

After taking a rest inside the Space, they came out of the villa. Zhao Hai didn’t call Green, it was still daytime, his grandpa was still busy.

Zhao Hai also didn’t practice fighting techniques, he already learned the basic sword stances. Moreover, he also had a few spars with Blockhead and Rockhead, giving him adequate experience in battle. With his present strength, he wouldn’t be able to be defeated by a 6th rank.

Since he didn’t have anything else to do in the Space, there was only one thing left. He held an iron ball in his hand and felt its characteristics.

Zhao Hai understood that he really had the same ability as Magneto, metal manipulation. However, his present ability was much less than the Marvel villain. Magneto can control airplanes and even make a metal bridge fly into the sky while Zhao Hai can only control a small piece of iron ball.

But Zhao Hai was still satisfied, with such a piece of metal, he can change its form and control it within the Space monitor’s range. He can make this metal both attack and defend, this is already enough.





* * *


  












Chapter 406 – Charlie’s Delight

Through this matter, Zhao Hai understood the massive benefits of being the Space’s host. The current range of the Space’s monitor is 10 thousand meters, 10 thousand! Even if this iron ball isn’t large, when it becomes a small sword its lethality would increase. This way, wouldn’t it be just like a flying sword?

Thinking about this made Zhao Hai excited. However, even if he wanted to play with this iron ball, he could only do so inside the Space, he wouldn’t be able to do so outside.

Chinese baoding balls aren’t known in the Ark Continent, if people saw Zhao Hai playing with iron balls, then they would definitely find him very strange.

When Zhao Hai went out of the space in the afternoon, he didn’t see Charlie. But he knew that Jade Water City is Charlie’s domain, so he should have a lot of work to do upon arriving here. Thus, Zhao Hai didn’t think much of it and just stayed inside Purple Bamboo courtyard, drinking tea and chatting with Laura and the others.

When evening came, Charlie invited Zhao Hai for dinner. He apologized to Zhao Hai for neglecting him for the rest of the day. For a prince to apologize to him for such a minor matter was already giving him a lot of face, so Zhao Hai naturally couldn’t get offended. He just drank a few cups of wine with Charlie, while talking about the past.

Charlie acting like he just did made Trezebo startled. One must know that Charlie is a Prince, and because of this, he is full of pride. Normally he shows a good natured attitude towards people, but being Charlie’s confidant, Trezebo clearly knew Charlie.

The Third Prince’s arrogance is very high, he wouldn’t even pay attention to the commoners. He’s only be polite to someone because he knew that you have been educated, and not because he thinks highly of him.

However, Trezebo could feel that this politeness that Charlie showed to Zhao Hai wasn’t fake. The prince actually thought highly of Zhao Hai. This made Trezebo quite surprised.

If one would say that Zhao Hai





makes a lot of money, but that is just business in the end. Compared to the tax revenue brought by Jade Water City, it was inferior. Charlie shouldn’t think highly of Zhao Hai because of this.

If one would say that Zhao Hai is strong, having 8th rank in strength, but he isn’t a 9th rank expert. His current strength isn’t enough to merit Charlie’s respect. This made Trezebo even more confused about Charlie’s attitude.

After having dinner, Zhao Hai’s group returned to the Space to rest. But at this time, Trezebo was with Charlie in the living room.

In the afternoon, they didn’t have much time for idle talk since they were busy with official matters. Trezebo just talked to Charlie to report the income of the city as well as some things that he handled for Charlie when he was gone.

After serving Charlie a cup of tea, Trezebo looked at Charlie with a puzzled expression, “Your Highness, why do you look so highly on Zhao Hai? Is it because he is very strong?”

Charlie looked at Trezebo and smiled faintly, “Why? You’re not convinced?’

Trezebo shook his head and said, “That’s not it. I’ve been with your highness for so many years. How could I be unconvinced about this kind of thing? I just don’t know if mister Zhao Hai has enough capability for your highness to be so respectful.”

Charlie smiled and said, “His business, his strength, his connections, all of these I fancy. Liru, go tell Trezebo about Zhao Hai.” Liru nodded, then told Trezebo about things they experienced with Zhao Hai.

Trezebo didn’t think that this would be the case. He knew that Zhao Hai had a connection with the Cali and Shelley Families. He also knew that Zhao Hai had some sort of conflict with the Calci Family. What he didn’t expect was the fact that Zhao Hai was the one who actually dealt with Grand Duke Lionheart. He also didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be an Advanced multi-element Mage.

It is difficult for Multi-element Mages to reach a high level, this is because mastering each department wasn’t very easy. For Zhao Hai to be





be an advanced level Multi-element magician is very astonishing. Such identity is indeed worth Charlie’s admiration.


Advanced Multi-element mages can use a lot of spells as well as Composite Magic. The attack power of Composite Magics were very terrifying. The combination between two spells of different departments can bring forth unique reactions, increasing its magical attacking power exponentially.

If Charlie can have a Multi-element Mage like Zhao Hai under his retinue, his strength would surely increase by several folds. Moreover, this was a Mage that could bring wealth, he had a lot of valuable products on hand.

After knowing these things about Zhao Hai, Trezebo understood why Charlie gave him full respects, he gave a nod and said, “Your highness is doing the right thing. Someone like Zhao Hai is truly worthy of respect. But why is the Calci Family in conflict with him? Do they want him to go to another person? Are they crazy?”

Charlie smiled faintly and said, “Trezebo, you forget. The one who currently wields the power within the Calci Family are still those elders. And the person who was mostly favored by the elders is the fifth child Juwan. Seeing Zhao Hai making a lot of money, it wouldn’t be strange for Juwan to feel envious. Moreover, Zhao Hai offended Souther King, driving him out of Aksu Empire. At the same time, he also offended the Radiant Church, so he went to Sky Water City. Looking at these facts, Juwan thought that he would be able to pressure Zhao Hai. There’s no other person responsible other than Juwan.”

Trezebo nodded, “Your highness is right, it would be impossible for Smith and the other brothers to do such a thing, only Juwan. I always thought that the patriarch of the Calci Family is an astute person, to actually favor Juwan is a wrong decision. Allowing his fifth son to actually drive a person like Zhao Hai away, he will surely regret it.”

Charlie smiled,





it.”

Charlie smiled, “That wouldn’t be so easy, Zhao Hai is a smart and wise person. He wouldn’t just cut ties with the Calci Family about such a matter. Although the one who holds the power in the family are those elders, Smith and his brothers have also grown up, they also held some sort of influence of their own. For the brothers, they couldn’t just let go of Zhao Hai. If I guessed correctly, Smith should have given Zhao Hai some sort of assurance that he would be able to reverse this action of the Calci Family.”

Trezebo nodded, “That is quite possible. It seems like Zhao Hai is really not that simple. Is your highness confident in getting him?”

Trezebo naturally had full confidence in his lord, but he asked Charlie if he was able to control Zhao Hai.

Charlie shook his head and smiled, “For a person like Zhao Hai, I wouldn’t dare exert my control. Just maintaining our present relationship is enough. When we have some problems in the future, he surely wouldn’t just look the other way. Remember what he said earlier? That he had a ship that was quite damaged after escorting a friend?”

Trezebo nodded and said, “Of course, I remember that he wants us to repair it. What’s the issue with that?”

Charlie smiled, “You really didn’t recognize the issue? This is because of Zhao Hai and Purcell Family’s relationship. Zhao Hai had received some help from Purcell Family’s Grand Duke, thus Zhao Hai had been protecting Evan’s daughter all this time, I think she’s called Ruyen? I heard that this Ruyen had brought some trouble for Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai still didn’t leave her to fend for herself. I received some information that Ruyen recently embarked on a sea route to return home. So along the way, they should’ve passed the ungoverned region, I believe Zhao Hai sent his other ship to escort her. For Zhao Hai to do this, it showed what kind of person he is. This kind of person isn’t someone that you would want to control, otherwise they would get offended, understood?”

Trezebo immediately nodded, “Your highness can


Charlie looked at Trezebo with a praising look, “Good work, Trezebo. You being here in Jade Water City these few years really made me feel relieved. If not for the family’s rules that Jade Water City couldn’t be owned permanently, I really would like to give this place to you. But rest assured, if I sit on a throne, I will certainly give you a good territory.”

Trezebo quickly responded, “I won’t dare, your highness. I’ve been following you since you are young, this Trezebo has also served you for quite long time. Your highness need not give me any territories, I can just serve by your side for my entire life.”

Charlie smiles, “Of course I know that, but with all that you’ve done for me, I cannot just let you go on unrewarded. It will make the others who follow me doubt whether I would reward them or not, so just accept my gift. As for your territory, I already have some idea. Grand Duke Lionheart’s Duchy still didn’t have an official owner, so father decided to just divide them to his successors. I plan to give my share to you.”

Trezebo’s heart couldn’t help but feel excited. He knew how good Lionheart’s territory was. A lot of people were lining up to get a piece of that land. So now that Charlie was giving him a piece, this was a very good reward.

Looking at Trezebo’s appearance, Charlie couldn’t help but smile, “This is the only thing that I can give you right now. If I get the imperial throne, I will give you Lionheart’s entire territory, when that time comes, you will be a Grand Duke.”





* * *


  












Chapter 407 – Gift

The next morning, Zhao Hai was asked by Charlie to have some breakfast. After eating, the two of them went to the living room to drink come tea. At this point, Trezebo walked in and reported to Charlie, “Your Highness, the shop and the requested good are already prepared. Should we go check it out?”

Charlie turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, what do you think?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “In any case, we don’t have anything else to do. Let’s go.”

Charlie smiled, “Good, let’s go and take a look. Your ships are almost repaired, they can start sailing tomorrow. The Haven has a bit of a problem so it may have to wait for a couple days more.”

Zhai Hai nodded, “This is already within my expectations. Let’s see the shop first.” Then the group went out of the living room and went to the already prepared carriage outside. The group sat in the carriage and immediately went straight to the shop under Trezebo’s guidance.

Today, they were riding inside Trezebo’s carriage. Riding his carriage was very useful when inside the city. As soon as people see it, they would immediately move out of the way, after all, this carriage belonged to the City Lord.

Before long, they stopped at a place near Jade Water City’s east gate. But there’s something strange, for a business area there were a few people here. Nevertheless, the shop is very large. Looking at its front, one could see that it has three stories, one could also see that it’s front design is beautiful. Behind the shop is a large courtyard, with a door at the side that could fit three carriages in parallel. The door looked very sturdy since it is made of thick wood.

At this time, there were two guards standing by the courtyard’s front door. When they saw Trezebo’s carriage, they immediately opened the door allowing the carriage to enter inside.

The courtyard was big, but there were no plants inside. At first sight, one could see that this place was used as a stockpile area for goods since the floor is covered with flat stone. There was also a stable and a warehouse inside. An owner’s room and servant’s quarters were present as well, all very simple in design, clearly specially designed for practical use.

After the group got down from the carriage, Zhao Hai and Charlie immediately inspected the place. After surveying the area, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It is very good, although the living section is ordinary, it has a very huge warehouse. This is very good, I give my thanks to City Lord Trezebo.”

Trezebo smiled and replied, “Mister Zhao Hai is too polite, come with me to see the warehouse, there’s a surprise in there.” Then he led Zhao Hai and Charlie towards the warehouse.

There were also people guarding the warehouse. When





they saw Trezebo, they immediately gave a salute. Trezebo waved his hand and the guards quickly opened the door to the warehouse.

Zhao Hai looked at saw that the warehouse had been filled with all the things that he requested. The ceramics were carefully packed in wooden boxes, there were also living necessities inside. What’s more important was that this warehouse had a staircase heading downwards.

Trezebo took Zhao Hai to the basement of the warehouse. The basement was divided into two floors also filled with the things that Zhao Hai wanted.

The stairs in this basement are very wide, it could allow two carriages to go side by side. In fact, the stairs weren’t actually stairs, but instead an inclined surface that could allow carriages to run through, making transporting goods much more convenient. Moreover, the steepness of the stairs were very low, this made most carriages able to use it.

When Zhao Hai saw how large this basement warehouse was, he was afraid that the entire underground of the courtyard might have been hollowed out. Fortunately, the construction of this space was very sturdy. There were pillars here and there and they were made of full compact stone, a very strong material.

Zhao Hai was very satisfied with this, although he didn’t have much use of such a large warehouse, it was better than nothing, also, it might provide them with a cover-up story in the future.

Looking at Zhao Hai satisfied expression, Trezebo felt relief, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you satisfied with this? His highness has ordered me to gift you this yard as well as the things inside. I hope mister will not decline.”

Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then nodded, “Them I won’t be polite. In exchange, I shall also give Your highness as well as the City lord a gift.” He turned his hand as two small bags appeared.

The two bags were naturally Spatial Bags. Charlie treated him well, so Zhao Hai couldn’t be stingy and decided to return the Third prince’s kindness, this Spatial Bag is one.

Charlie and Trezebo looked at Zhao Hai with confused expressions, they didn’t know what these two bags were. Zhao Hai handed the bags to them and said, “These two bags are Spatial Bags, inside is about ten cubic meters of space where you can store some things in. With Your highness’ power, naturally this thing wouldn’t be very valuable, just take it as a toy.”

Charlie and Trezebo were stunned, although Spatial equipment weren’t popular in the continent, they were very precious; even Charlie only had one such item. But Zhao Hai was just casually giving those away like they were worthless.

Charlie, still in shock, turned to Zhao Hai, “I didn’t think that Mister has such good things in his hands. I think that I owe mister now.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Your Highness is





is too polite, this is just an exchange of gifts. Your Highness doesn’t need to mind it too much.”

Hearing Zhao Hai, Charlie also laughed, “Very well, then we’ll receive mister’s gift. So are you satisfied with the place? When will you send people to take the goods?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “My people will come with the ship that I used to escort my friend. They’re heading here quickly, in about two days.”

Charlie nodded, “That is good, I’ll have Trezebo help you guard the place for two days, he’ll hand the place over when your people arrive.” Zhao Hai smiled and nodded.

The group returned to the City Lord’s Mansion, then Zhao Hai went to take a rest since he currently can’t take the goods from the warehouse yet. He plans to stock up those ships he stole from the Markey Family tomorrow, then make them sail towards Ape Island where they’ll wait for Zhao Hai. After the Haven gets fully repaired, then they’ll continue on to trade with the Shrimp Tribe.

He also wants to take advantage of this downtime to receive Laura’s people and settle them down. He’ll need to assign someone to manage the shop as well, after all, it was already ready to use.

Zhao Hai planned that he would just sell some daily groceries in this shop to not be too eye-catching. When the situation at the store gets more stabilized, then he’ll think about improving the products sold there.

Laura’s subordinates were all people who were talented managers. Their addition would surely help Iron Mountain Fort. They will also make it more convenient for Zhao Hai to open more stores in the continent.

Fortunately for Zhao Hai, the time of their arrival was approaching. At that time, they will be taken to the Space and then delivered to Iron Mountain Fort. For those who’ll be sent to Jade Water City, Zhao Hai would place them in the Swordfish.

The next day, the five-masted ships that Zhao Hai took from the Markey Family were now ready to set sail. Zhao Hai asked Charlie to help him store the goods onto the ships which the latter agreed and had sent people to place the cargo on the vessels. Even if the goods inside the warehouse were numerous, they weren’t enough to fill five of those ships. The ships were all half full when they set sail. Zhao Hai couldn’t tell Charlie that he wanted to trade with the merfolk this time, he only told the third prince that he’ll supply it to other people.

Charlie didn’t think too much about it. After all, those goods were all common in the continent, they weren’t treasures.

After releasing the five ships, Zhao Hai awaited the arrival of the Swordfish. Two days after the five ships left, Laura’s subordinates were all gathered and ready. All in all, there were 400 of them of which 80 were






Zhao Hai and Laura immediately entered the Space and took those people in and sent them to Iron Mountain Fort. One group was left behind and was sent to Jade Water City,.

When the Managers saw Laura, they were very glad. All of them had received some sort of grace from her, so they were all her devout followers; there were no problems in trusting them.

Zhao Hai also believed in them, so when they arrived at Iron Mountain Fort, they were handed over to Kun who was given the task of familiarizing them with the environment.

These people all had previous contact with Kun and were once directly managed by him. Now that they saw Kun receive them, they felt excites, it was better to be with those you were acquainted with after all.

The one who was chosen to stay in Jade Water City was one of Laura’s most talented subordinate. He is called Mu’en, over 40 years old and was a small merchant before he met Laura. Later on into his past career, he suffered bankruptcy and was forced to sell himself as a slave in order to save his family. In the end, Laura saved him and eventually became a Manager under Laura’s leadership. Him and his family were very grateful for Laura’s benevolence. Because of his previous experience as well as his tenacious attitude, he became a valued Manager in the eyes of Laura.

Although he was 40 years old, he was still very energetic and was still quite attractive. His wife was also smart. Besides him and his wife, he had two kids who were already in their 20s, also learning how to handle business from their parents.

Having such family be in charge of Jade Water City made Zhao Hai rest assured. He was very confident in Laura’s eye for people.

After settling the family inside the Swordfish, Zhao Hai returned to the City Lord’s Mansion. The Swordfish would arrive in two days which was also the time frame where the Haven would get fully repaired. After the Haven gets repaired, Zhao Hai can continue on and trade with the Shrimp Tribesmen.

Upon returning to the Mansion, Zhao Hai didn’t have anything to do. Because of this, he only stayed inside and continued to practice his fighting techniques and his control over metal. The more he practiced the better his control became. Right now, Zhao Hai can already control two fist-sized iron balls, with attacking force much stronger than before.

Zhao Hai didn’t want to meddle in Charlie’s matters. Even if he wanted to help Charlie, the Prince would still need to approach him first. After all, the two haven’t known each other for a long time. If Zhao Hai was too anxious in providing help, Charlie might misunderstand. So he didn’t

So he didn’t inquire too much, he just lived his days leisurely, living a good life.

Zhao Hai’s actions actually brought relief to Charlie. For the Prince, Zhao Hai’s origins were too mysterious. If Zhao Hai wanted to intervene in his matters, then Charlie would’ve felt suspicion.

Two days went by fast and the Swordfish had arrived at Jade Water City. Zhao Hai already gave Charlie a heads up, so along with Laura and the others, they went to the pier to meet the vessel.

Naturally, Charlie didn’t’ go with them. Even if he fancied Zhao Hai, he couldn’t go, after all, he is a prince. For him to meet Zhao Hai’s people on the pier would be too excessive.

After receiving Mu’en’s family into the City Lord’s Mansion, the Swordfish was immediately sent to Charlie’s shipyard for repairs. At the same time, Zhao Hai also introduced Mu’en and Trezebo with each other. He wanted Mu’en to know Trezebo directly, so if he was given the opportunity, he could establish a close relationship with the Lord of the city.

One could praise Mu’en’s skills, he was truly born to be a Merchant. His way of speaking was very smooth, although it could be said that you wouldn’t instantly see him as a friend, it was impossible to dislike him.

Trezebo’s attitude towards Mu’en was also very good. The city lord knew how Charlie regarded Zhao Hai. For Zhao Hai to leave Mu’en in Jade Water City showed how Zhao Hai trusted this guy. Thus, Trezebo decided to form a good relationship with the manager.

When it was time for the evening meal, Charlie officially met Mu’en. This made Mu’en startled, he didn’t even see a Purcell Duchy prince before, much less a Prince of an empire. From his point of view, he could see that Charlie valued Zhao Hai a lot.

Mu’en wasn’t a fool, when he saw Zhao Hai and Charlie’s merry interactions, he knew that Zhao Hai’s position in Charlie’s heart wasn’t low. This made the Manager quite glad, this meant that Laura didn’t choose the wrong person.

The next morning, Zhao Hai brought Mu’en to the shop that Charlie gifted him. After seeing the shop, Zhao Hai handed its care over to Mu’en. Zhao Hai gave the store a name just like how he wanted to brand his goods, Haven.

Besides the shop, Zhao Hai also gave Mu’en a Spatial Bag as well as 100 thousand gold coins. At the same time, he also left behind some goods and vegetables, which would later be the shop’s main products.

Zhao Hai was honest with Mu’en, he told the Manager that he didn’t expect to make some profits from the shop. He just wanted someone to stay here and stay in contact with Trezebo, so Mu’en didn’t need to work too hard. Naturally, if the shop could do well, then that would be the best.





* * *


  












Chapter 408 – Heading off to the Sea Once Again

Zhai Hai’s initial purpose in opening a shop in a major city was to get contacts for new businesses and establishing relationships with Nobles, essentially increasing his own web of connections.

However, that purpose was now made redundant because of Charlie. Who was Charlie? He is a prince with a possibility of becoming an emperor. It was much better to be connected with him rather than going for any other person.

Even if Charlie didn’t become the Emperor, he was still a prince, a influential one. Even if the new Emperor wanted to deal with him, Charlie already had a strong network of connections. If the Emperor wanted to make a move, he needs to think about it carefully.

The situation was like Aksu Empire’s Southern King. Although he was only a prince, his influence in the southern part of the Empire isn’t less than that of the ruling monarch. The Aksu Emperor couldn’t even enact his own decrees in the south, since all of the citizens there obey the Southern King.

And the reason why the Southern King has such influence was because of his connections to a lot of Nobles. The benefits that those people enjoy were closely interwoven with Southern King. Therefore, even if Boris didn’t become the Emperor, those Nobles would still protect his authority, or else their benefits would get affected.

However, Southern King’s situation was a special case in the continent. While Boris was competing with the current Emperor for the throne, the old king unexpectedly died. Although the current Emperor ascended the throne, there wasn’t enough damage to Southern King in order to remove his authority. He had no choice but to let Boris continue on ruling the south.

So if we look at the situation in Rosen Empire where Charlie was competing for the throne, when the current Emperor already decided on a successor, what he needs to do was suppress the other candidates while increasing the successor’s power. This way, fully establishing the successor’s influence across the empire, making it impossible for a second Southern King to appear.

On the other hand, established Nobles in the Ark Continent were





also very formidable. There were times where an Emperor couldn’t make his moves easily. But the Emperor also had his own connections and interwoven benefits with them, so as long as the emperor don’t encroach on that, he can only damage a candidate minimally.

Zhao Hai also knew that he was only leaning on Charlie’s tree. Cooperating with old nobles was very difficult. He knew that established Nobles would refrain from taking a side in a successorship battle as much as possible. This was because if their candidate failed to take the throne, they would get suppressed by the new Ruler. Although the nobles hold deep reserves, if they were continually suppressed, then they would slowly lose their power, this isn’t something that they would want.

If they didn’t participate in the battle, they could still keep their courtesies to whoever becomes the new Emperor. With this, why would they need to participate? Therefore, even if there were constant struggles between princes in all nations, only a few of those established nobles would be involved.

Zhao Hai was now connected with Charlie, this meant that he was essentially one of Charlie’s people. In this case, most established nobles wouldn’t get in contact with him. They were afraid that if they form a connections with Zhao Hai, then they would get grouped up with Charlie. This wasn’t in line with an established noble’s usual stance on the situation.

Since Zhao Hai was already clear about this, he didn’t make Mu’er make contacts with those Nobles. He just tasked the Manager to carefully look over the shop.

Zhao Hai also believed that having this shop wasn’t a bad idea. Even if those established Nobles didn’t want to get involved, this didn’t mean that nobody wanted to. In fact, general Noble participating was a common occurrence in these battles, especially Mid and Low rank Nobles. They wanted to increase their rank and influence, so as long as they see a possibility of succeeding, they would take a gamble.

So even though Zhao Hai didn’t have any reputation at the moment, Charlie would still introduce him to nobles belonging to his side. Those people would then go and inquire to Trezebo,





Trezebo, and eventually approaching Zhao Hai for cooperation.

Zhao Hai was very confident about this, Charlie’s attitude towards him already provided enough proof. If those nobles in the Third Prince’s side knew how Charlie treated Zhao Hai, they will definitely approach Zhao Hai for a partnership. Zhao Hai also believed that Trezebo would spread Zhao Hai and Charlie’s relationship, after all, the man was one of Charlie’s closest confidants.

Trezebo would do everything to benefit Charlie, so he would naturally do his best to unite all of those under Charlie’s circle. After all, being united is the only way for their strength to stay strong. Trezebo promoting Zhao Hai to those Nobles would make them form a sense of respect for the new addition to the group.

With the matters in Jade Water City being completed, it was time for Zhao Hai’s group to leave. Aside from the Spatial Bag and essentials, Zhao Hai also left Mu’er with a Blood Hawk as well as 100 undead stored in the underground warehouse. Those undead were there to assist Mu’er if any situation comes up.

Now that he didn’t need to worry about Jade Water City, and along with the repairs on the Haven being finished, Zhao Hai was now hurrying along to trade with the Shrimp Tribe. He was worried that if he took too long, the Shrimp people might forget him.

He went to say goodbye to Charlie but didn’t expect the prince to actually deliver him to the Haven personally. This moved Zhao Hai, while at the same time startling Charlie’s subordinates.

Charlie was a prince, for him to be acting very close with Zhao Hai was a surprise. What’s most important was the fact that he wasn’t only intimate with Zhao Hai, he was also being respectful, which made them even more dumbfounded.


On the other hand, Zhao Hai didn’t know was that his situation with the Calci Family was currently going downhill. Smith wrote about his thoughts about the matter to his brothers so that they may support him. He wanted to convey that they musn’t offend Zhao Hai. He wanted the family to just partner up with Zhao Hai and not force him.

However, Smith didn’t





Smith didn’t expect that his brothers actually didn’t support him. Smith also understood why, his brothers didn’t get to meet Zhao Hai, moreover, Zhao Hai’s interaction with the family was very short. His brothers wanted more understanding of Zhao Hai to support Smith in this matter.

But while the brothers were taking their time in observing Zhao Hai, Juwan was not. Juwan hadn’t suffered such a huge loss of face since he was born. Zhao Hai snatching his ship, throwing him on a boat, and having Smith save him was the most humiliating thing that he experienced. Because of this, the only thing in his mind recently was revenge.

After returning to the clan, he immediately reported his interaction with Zhao Hai, of course with a few additions here and there. He expressed that Zhao Hai didn’t respect the family. Juwan was painting himself to be the good guy who was being bullied by an evil character.

As a result of this, the Calci Family’s view of Zhao Hai became worse and worse. Although Smith had written good reviews for Zhao Hai, the effect of a grieving man in comparison to some letters on a paper was very far.

Adding on to the fact that the family had massive interest for the products on Zhao Hai’s hands, they wanted to pressure Zhao Hai and see whether he would fold.

At this time, information came to the family that Zhao Hai had arrived at Jade Water City and was staying at the City Lord’s Mansion. They also found out about his relationship with Charlie and how the Third Prince was placing importance to him. He even got into conflict with the Second Prince.

When this news came to the family, Smith became regretful, he wrote another letter to the family that Zhao Hai cannot become their enemy. If Zhao Hai forms an enmity with the family, they would certainly suffer huge setbacks.

But the family didn’t listen, for them Zhao Hai was being ungrateful. Not only did they not listen to Smith and restore their relationship with Zhao Hai, they instead decided to teach Zhao Hai a lesson. Therefore, these past few days, they mobilized their spies inside Jade Water City

Jade Water City to gather information.

Unfortunately for them, Zhao Hai was very low-key inside Jade Water City. He rarely went out, just like how he was back in Sky Water City.

Zhao Hai’s actions left the Calci Family not knowing what to do. Even if the family was an established Noble family, they wouldn’t dare attack the City Lord’s Mansion, a place where the Third Prince Charlie resides in.

But when they found out about Zhao Hai’s shop inside the city, they were happy. They wanted to destroy Zhao Hai’s shop to teach him a lesson.

But again, they were disappointed. Upon further inquiries, they found out that the shop was a gift from Charlie to Zhao Hai. If the place was bought was Zhao Hai, they were free to destroy it, but with Charlie in the mix, it became another matter.

Even if Great Families didn’t care about Zhao Hai, they didn’t have a choice but give Charlie some face. Otherwise, not only would Charlie get offended, the Rosen Imperial clan would also get involved.

Don’t think that it was only Nobles who pay attention to their face, the Imperial Clan was also extremely protective of theirs, even more than those of established Nobles. No matter what, the Calci Family was residing inside Rosen Empire. If the family did decide to push things too far, then the Imperial Family wouldn’t be polite. If an established Noble and an Imperial Clan goes head to head, the one who would suffer more losses would certainly be the established Noble family.

Since the Calci Family was unable to make a move inside Jade Water City, they shifted their focus on Zhao Hai. They believed that Zhao Hai wouldn’t stay inside the city forever.

And at last, Zhao Hai was leaving Jade Water City. What the family didn’t expect was that Charlie would personally come and bade Zhao Hai farewell. This gesture was naturally understood by the family.

Regarding this scenario, the family was unprepared. They were hesitant in taking action against Zhao Hai. In the end, the man in charge of their operations in Jade Water City could only send word back to the headquarters and wait for their instruction.





* * *


  












Chapter 409 – Rank Promotion

Zhao Hai didn’t know too much about the actions of the Calci Family. He thought that Smith already had the situation under control. He didn’t expect that Smith had yet to get the support of his other brothers. Being alone, Smith wasn’t able to deal with the problem

But it didn’t take too long before he was informed about the situation. The second day after he left Jade Water City, Zhao Hai received a letter from Smith sent via a Blood Hawk. In the letter were the recent and future actions that the Calci Family had planned. Smith didn’t urge Zhao Hai to be patient this time, instead he wanted Zhao Hai to teach the family a lesson.

This didn’t mean that Smith wanted to cut ties with the family. He just wanted to make Zhao Hai teach the stubborn elders of the family a lesson they wouldn’t forget. He wanted to make them understand that there were people in this world that cannot be touched. He wanted Zhao Hai to show the family how capable he is.

Zhao Hai didn’t think that Smith would actually urge him to do this. He handed Smith’s letter to Laura and smiled, “Look at this. I didn’t think that Big Brother Smith is actually a very radical person.”

Laura received the letter and looked at it, then she snorted and said, “This is nothing special, I can understand why Brother Smith did this. If the Markey family had people like Brother Smith, then we wouldn’t have experienced what we did. How about you, Brother Hai, what do you think?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “Why wouldn’t we agree? After all, we only have a good relationship with Brother Smith. It’s better if we teach them a lesson now in order to make them understand Brother Smith’s words. Right, in two days, the Goldmetal fruit will be ready. At that time, your rank will be improved. With what is going to occur, we happen to have a place to practice our skills.”

When Laura heard what Zhao Hai said, she smiled. It was indeed like what





Zhao Hai said, now that the Goldmetal Tree is already mature, it was only a matter of time before it could bear some fruits. For the entire tree’s lifetime, Zhao Hai could get 80 Goldmetal Fruits.

The Goldmetal tree is a level 60 plant, it has 8 batches of its fruit period, it could produce 10 fruits each time, making it very precious. Even though the fruit had already been producing fruits, Laura and the others chose not eat it immediately. Everyday they would drink the Fluid of Life inside the Space before practicing, making their body in top shape for the time they will eat the Goldmetal Fruit.

Because of this preparation period, Zhao Hai spent a lot of gold coins letting the Multipurpose Processing Machine produce some low-level supplementary potions for Laura and the others to take in. Although it couldn’t improve their strengths directly, those potions could increase their body’s quality. When the last batch of fruits gets produced tomorrow, Zhao Hai decided to make Laura and the others eat the Goldmetal Fruit.

Zhao Hai turned his head to Laura, “Laura, what mount do you think is good to use? Now that Grandpa Kun has started teaching me how to ride, I think we should consider what mount we need to use in the future.”

Laura shook her head and said, “I think we shouldn’t be hasty in selecting a mount. I’ve seen that there are a lot of strange animals that is available in the Space’s store. When the time comes, we can just buy them and use them as our mounts.”

Zhao Hai didn’t oppose, inside the Space, there were even some mythological Chinese beasts recorded. These beast included some with a dragon’s bloodline, all of them equal to a 9th rank expert in strength. Having 9th rank beasts as mounts would certainly be very domineering.

Now that Zhao Hai had started to learn riding skills, he could now ride horses casually. But if he were to fight on horseback, he will fall behind. However, because of his rapid increase in strength, he could still contend against a 6th rank warrior.

A





warrior.

A day quickly passed by. On the second day, Zhao Hai entered the Space early and waited for the last batch of Goldmetal Fruits to be matured.

Before long, Cai’er collected the last batch of fruits before using the land to plant another tree. Zhao Hai withdrew three Goldmetal Fruits and prepared to give one of them to Laura while the other two to Blockhead and Rockhead.

Although the strengths of Blockhead and Rockhead weren’t bad, their progress was too slow. This made the two very worried. But now that they finally found something that could aid them in improving their strengths, the two were naturally very happy.

According to Cai’er, Laura can only eat half of the fruit while Blockhead and Rockhead can eat them whole. Zhao Hai divided one fruit into two before handing the two halves to Laura. For Blockhead and Rockhead, he gave two full fruits.

The three people looked excitedly at the Goldmetal Fruit. In all honesty, Meg and the others were somewhat envious, but they knew that they weren’t compatible with the Goldmetal Fruit, it was quite a pity.

Zhao Hai looked at the three people and smiled faintly, “Go and eat it. After doing so, go stabilize your bodies, don’t forget that we may get into some battles in the next few days.”

The three nodded, then with their hearts beating fast, they ate the Goldmetal Fruit. Blockhead and Rockhead were the first to feel something, their stomachs rumbled as energy filled their bodies to the point of explosion. The two immediately sat down and circulated their Battle Qi.

Laura’s situation was also similar, but her reaction was much more mild since she only ate half of the fruit. But she also sat down and started to cultivate.

Zhao Hai looked anxiously at the three, he knew that this moment was very important to them. Although the Space said that they could tolerate the Goldmetal Fruit, it didn’t stop Zhao Hai and the others from worrying.

The trio took eight hours before they woke up one after the other. At this time, Kun and Green were also inside the Space. The two were





two were also looking anxiously at the three.

The first one to wake up was Laura, she looked at the surrounding people and smiled faintly, “I’ve made everyone worry.”

Zhao Hai immediately replied, “Don’t worry about that, how are you? Did you rank up?” Looking at the nervous face of ZHao Hai, Laura’s heart warmed as she said, “I feel great, Now my strength has reached the peak of 6th rank. I believe that I’ll reach 8th rank when I eat the next half of the fruit.”

Zhao Hai relaxed and became happy. At this point, Kun happily laughed and said, “Fantastic! Young Lady, you have finally ranked up.”

All the people who were trying their best to cultivate didn’t only do so for their own safety, but also for their longevity. An ordinary person’s life could only reach 100 years old. But an 8th rank expert can reach 200. In order to live longer, everybody cultivated hard, this was especially true for Nobles.

This was because they didn’t need to worry about their livelihood, they had all the time to practice.

At this time, Blockhead and Rockhead also woke up. Both of them wore relieved expressions because they didn’t have any accidents. The duo’s level had also reached 8th rank.

Two more 8th ranks had been added to the group, this was good for them. Green took the two for a spar to see their new strengths.

Perhaps because they were still not accustomed to their new strength, Blockhead and Rockhead’s moves in the beginning were very stiff. But the two started to slowly adapt and began to block Green’s attacks. One must know that Green was a pinnacle expert among 8th ranks, ordinary 8th rank warriors could only survive for a few seconds under Green’s assault. For Blockhead and Rockhead to block his attacks at this point showed the innate strengths that the two possessed.

After some time, Green laughed and retrieved his Spirit Wind sword. He looked at the two happily and said, “Good, good! You boys have become strong. With the two of you working together, you already have the strength of the pinnacle of 8th rank.

of 8th rank. If an ordinary 8th rank meets the two of you, then he will certainly have a bad day. Hahaha. I can finally rest assured. You two listen to me, from now on you must wholeheartedly protect the young master. If even a single hair of the Young Master gets missing, I will have to scold the two of you myself.”

Blockhead and Rockhead were both orphans since their childhood. Although it was the Buda Clan who took them in, it was Green who took care of them. This made the two treat Green with the respect and admiration that a son might have for his father. Therefore, they would obey every instruction coming out of Green’s mouth.

Zhao Hai gave a faint smile and said, “Grandpa Green, it’s fine. Just make them assist you, there’s currently no need for them to protect me right now.”

Green laughed and said, “That’s true, but there’s nothing in Iron Mountain Fort that these two can help with. The school teachers back there are also undead, they didn’t need help. Young Master, just let them go with you to accumulate experience.”

Zhao Hai looked at Blockhead and Rockhead then nodded, “Alright, it’s good for them to come with me and get some experience. They might assume an important position in the future.”

Green and the others laughed. At this time, Zhao Hai remembered that they hadn’t been out of the Space for a day so he immediately went back to the Haven. Fortunately, there was nothing wrong on the ship, Zhao Hai felt relief.

When Zhao Hai went back to the Space, Laura was having a spar with Kun. It seems like Kun also wanted to see how strong Laura had become.

Zhao Hai didn’t disturb them and just did his own training. Since Zhao Hai didn’t train in fighting before, even if he has 8th rank strength, his stances were still full of unnecessary movements. Compared to Laura who trained since childhood, Zhao Hai’s moves were very poor. This made him put in more effort in the hopes of bridging the gap between his and Laura’s strengths.





* * *


  












Chapter 410 – Devilish Idea

The group trained rigorously inside the Space while the Haven peacefully sailed the seas. Although the ship was alone, other ships wouldn’t attack it as long as there wasn’t enmity between them. After all, it was not easy to attack an armored ship.


Smith’s situation was quite different from Zhao Hai’s idle life. The hair on Smith’s head had almost turned white, he couldn’t help but worry. Although he promised Zhao Hai that the matter with the family would get taken care of, Smith wasn’t sure whether Zhao Hai would still cooperate with the family. If Zhao Hai drops their partnership, the family would be losing big.

But no matter how hard he urged the family, nobody listened to him. Smith was almost convinced that the elders of the family had stones for their brains, seeing how stubborn they were regarding the situation.

He already knew that the family had sent some people to deal with Zhao Hai. Moreover, there were experts among them, 10 8th ranks, along with 20 armed cargo ships.

Such a force was quite formidable, but Smith was sure that this group wouldn’t be able to deal with Zhao Hai. Smith was clear that Zhao Hai was someone who didn’t show mountains nor seas. Nobody should look down on his strength.[1]

But Smith’s sentiments were useless, the family wouldn’t listen to him. Smith was afraid that they still wouldn’t stop even if the family suffers losses in dealing with Zhao Hai.

Smith knew that he and Zhao Hai would still be friends after these two conflicts. But Smith wasn’t sure how Zhao Hai would retaliate, would he go head to head against the family?

The more he thought about this, the more painful his head became. Smith just sat there, staring at the ceiling not knowing what to do.

At this time, a gentle voice can be heard, “Father, what’s wrong? Why are you unhappy?”

Smith looked up and saw Megan. Even if he was unhappy, he couldn’t stop himself from smiling upon seeing his lovable daughter, “Megan, aren’t you going outside to play? Don’t worry about me, just go and see your friends.”

Megan actually shook her head and said, “I don’t want to go with them. I like Sister Laura and Sister Meg. If I play around with them, I get to learn a lot of things. My friends look like they don’t have any goals aside from eating and chatting about marriage. There’s nothing else that they want to do, it’s too boring.”

Smith looked at Megan in shock. He didn’t expect Megan to say such a thing. Ever since she was young, Megan was the family’s princess. Everybody spoiled her and didn’t allow her





to suffer some problems. All of the dark influences were also driven away from Smith. In the eyes of the people, Megan’s life was full of rainbows and sunshine.

Because of this, the Calci Family became too protective when Megan got attacked.

Moreover, Smith already prepared Megan’s right of inheritance. This way, when she marries, her dowry would be rich. Then she wouldn’t worry about her future, she can do what she wants, whether it be eating or playing, she can do everything.

But now, Megan told Smith that playing around became boring. This made Smith’s head dizzy, he didn’t know what to do.

Smith looked at Megan with a puzzled expression, “Megan, why did you suddenly think of that? Did someone tell you? You don’t need to worry about money, our Calci Family isn’t like those ordinary families. With the strength of our family, you don’t need to worry about anything.”

Megan shook her head and said, “I don’t mean money, I want to contribute to the family. I don’t want to be my friends who just live idly, eating and waiting for death. Look at Sister Laura and Sister Meg, they are travelling around with Mister Zhao Hai, that would be good.”

Smith stared blankly at Megan, he didn’t think that Megan would have these thoughts in her mind. Smith sighed as he looked at Megan, he knew that his darling daughter had finally grown up.

Smith looked at Megan and said, “Megan, why would you have such thoughts? You know that Laura didn’t do that because they chose to, it is because they have to. What they are doing should be very tiring.”

Megan grunted, “I know that such matters are tiring, but I find that kind of woman to be attractive, otherwise I think one could only be useless.”

Smith shook his head and sighed, he really didn’t know what to say. Looking at the slim and graceful Megan, Smith sighed again. In a blink of an eye, his daughter had finally arrived at the age of getting married. But on this continent, who was worthy of getting Megan?

For a doting father like Smith, he always thought that Megan was the best. In his mind, no man deserves her. Because of this, he didn’t have any marriage candidates in mind.

A Great Family like the Calcis didn’t need to marry for political reasons. Moreover, the proportion between male and female in the clan is very skewed. This made is so that males didn’t receive that much attention while Megan did.

Up until now, there had been no engagements that came to Megan. But when Smith thought about Laura, Zhao Hai’s face came up This made Smith startled, he hurriedly shook his head to





to get rid of this sudden idle thought.

But thoughts were sometimes akin to devils. It kept hovering around Smith’s mind, he couldn’t go for a time without considering Zhao Hai. He had to agree that Zhao Hai was a good man. He regarded sentiments heavily, knew when to advance or retreat, and was also quite formidable. Even if he had two fiances, it was common for a noble in the continent to have more than one wife. Moreover, there was a harmonious relationship between Laura and Meg.

Megan stood there and watched as Smith didn’t talk for quite some time. She asked, “Dad, Dad, what’s wrong? What are you thinking about?” Smith recovered and smiled at Megan, “Oh, it’s nothing. You go now. I’ll go ask Uncle Phil to arrange something for you tomorrow. Go see your mother, or else she would scold me.”

Megan nodded with an excited face, then she turned around and went off. Looking at Megan’s departing back, Smith sighed and muttered, “Maybe having her marry Zhao Hai wouldn’t be a bad idea.”

Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t have any thought that Smith would have any idea of marrying Megan to him. In all honesty, Zhao Hai didn’t have much contact with Megan, he didn’t even know what he would do when interacting with her. He was now currently satisfied with his life, he was also satisfied with having Laura and Meg as his fiancees.

Zhao Hai was someone who gets easily contented. When he was back on Earth, even if he only had a few earnings from his royalties, he was still very happy. As long as he has food to eat ,a place to live, and can do all the things he liked, then he was satisfied.

When he arrived at Ark Continent, he was also quite contented. He had the Space to plant in, two beautiful fiancees, quite a number of loyal subordinates, and a ton of undead. His current life was good.

But he also felt that he shouldn’t get satisfied with his current situation. He knew that he could still do more. Just as what the famous Chinese Surgeon Qiu Fazu said: Cultivate the need to know what is not known, study hard, or just be content.[2]

This famous saying was Zhao Hai’s motto, even if he was a contented person, he would still do his best in handling matters. He always wanted to find out about his own deficiencies, and continue to improve himself, hoping that he can reach a higher level than he was before.

This was the same at the current time, he was satisfied with his life, but he knows that he wasn’t a writer anymore. He was a landed Noble, he needs





he needs to do business to improve his territory. Although he also thought that the territory is already doing good, he knew that it could do better. This was why he’s currently unsatisfied.

For his goals, he needed to overcome all obstacles, therefore he didn’t become afraid of challenges. He knew that difficulties are your enemies. If you turn away and flee from your problems, it will be like showing your back to the enemy. Your life and death will no longer be in your hands. So instead of running away, you should do your best to overcome your enemies. Even if you fail, at least you were the one who decided your fate and not others.

So Zhao Hai chose to confront Southern King, he chose to confront the Radiant Church. Although he hid in the Prairie, it was because he was pursued by the church, repelling him and making him leave. Choosing to leave is not equal to running away.

At this moment, Zhao Hai was training his martial arts in the Space. He wanted to improve his strength. Also, he actually enjoyed doing martial arts. As a Chinese man, he always had the martial dream, and for a novelist like Zhao Hai, even more so. Now that it was possible for him to do cultivate, he naturally would jump on the chance of being a master.

At the same time, Zhao Hai was also waiting for the Calci Family. Smith told him to teach the family a lesson, so Zhao Hai had to comply. Even if Smith didn’t say so, he would still do it. Zhao Hai believes that Smith knew this, this was why he sent the letter, to maintain the two’s relationship and leave a path of retreat for the future.

Zhao Hai didn’t object to this, after all, he was disgusted with the Calci Family. But he also has good feelings about Smith, he also wanted to keep their relationship. Thus, Zhao Hai sent a reply letter to Smith, though the content was ordinary, he knew that Smith will understand what it meant.

Regarding the coming attack from the Calci Family, Zhao Hai didn’t care. He knew that the Calci Family wouldn’t send a 9th rank after him. Otherwise, Smith wouldn’t tell him to teach the family a lesson, instead he would tell Zhao Hai to run away.

Zhao Hai attention was more inclined towards the Merfolk. This was his first time trading with the sea dwellers, in fact, this was the first for the continent. He didn’t know how the Merfolk would act.

He knew that the Humans and the Merfolk had been at odds for years. But haven’t they really traded with each other? For Zhao Hai, this

Zhao Hai, this was inconceivable.

But Zhao Hai also knew that the ships present around these parts are almost all Pirate ships. And on these pirate ships were people who weren’t that strong. If they go far into the deep sea, their ships would definitely suffer some accidents. So it wouldn’t be possible for them to trade with the sea-dwellers.

If Zhao Hai’s strength wasn’t enough, then he might’ve become food for the Shrimp Tribe. Moreover, the general outlook of the people from the continent regarding the Merfolk were mostly negative. Adding on to the mysterious nature of the Merfolk’s life at sea, Humans wouldn’t like to get in contact with them. Because of this, Human merchants cannot just do business like what they did with the Beastmen.

The reason why Zhao Hai was able to be welcomed by the Beastmen as well as the Merfolk was because he considered them as equals. Not aliens that were looked down upon.

But if an expert with the same strength as Zhao Hai meets those Shrimp Tribesmen, they would immediately kill them, much less talk about business.

Zhao Hai’s worry was how the Merfold would act during their trade. He didn’t know whether they would treat his as a normal partner would, or just take him as a fool and undervalue his goods.

Although this was a risky move, Zhao Hai still wanted to do it. This was because he was clear that if this business goes through successfully, his Buda Clan would get another ace up their sleeves.

The fifth day after leaving Jade Water City, Zhao Hai’s ship had left the waters governed by the Rosen Empire’s navy and officially entered international waters. However, Zhao Hai also knew that troubles would arrive, the Calci Family’s attack would arrive soon.

And just like what Zhao Hai expected, one the second day that he entered international waters, the Calci Family’s people came. All in all, they had 20 armed ships, 15 were three-masted ships, while 5 were five-masted ironclad ships. Such scene was domineering, only a Great Family like the Calci Family could afford to do such a thing.

Zhao Hai calmly observed from the monitor as he awaited the arrival of the other party. While doing so, he notice a familiar person in the monitor, and that person was none other than Juwan!






* * *


  












Chapter 411 – Face-off

Zhao Hai thought that Juwan wouldn’t appear, but when he saw him on the monitor, Zhao Hai understood why Juwan was so daring. On Juwan’s side were five people, two among them were Mages and three were Warriors, all of which were 8th ranks. When Zhao Hai looked at the other ships, there were also another two Mages and three Warriors spread out among them, also 8th ranks.

Seeing these people, Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but shrink. Ten 8th rank experts, the Calci Family really went big this time, but will it be useful against him?

Zhao Hai surveyed the ships again. The ships were all good weaponized ships, and the people on board weren’t weak. At first glance, one could see that they were all elite troops. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but snort.

Looking at the ships and hearing Zhao Hai snort, Laura asked, “Brother Hai, what do we do? Will we kill these people?”

Zhao Hai replied with a serious tone, “If we don’t hurt them, they will never learn. We’ll leave the 8th ranks and Juwan’s group alone. Let’s take their ships since they did all the trouble of delivering them to us. Send the command to unarm our cannons, let their ship approach. Let’s play with them this time.”

Jinan immediately transmitted the orders, Laura didn’t oppose the decision. At this time, they only have the Haven. Naturally, they had more ships in the Space, but they couldn’t use them.

Zhao Hai had 20 ships currently on hand. The Haven that they were currently on, the Swordfish being repaired in Jade Water City, the five ships gotten from the Markey Family, and the rest are stored in the Space. If Zhao Hai suddenly released the other ships to fight the Calci Family, his secrets will be exposed; which he didn’t want to. Since it had come to this, Zhao Hai just had Jinan put the sails down while disallowing the gunners from firing in order to let the other party see. If they didn’t





take the hint and opened fire, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of retaliating.

Zhao Hai also didn’t plan on firing because he placed some importance on the 20 ships of the Calci Family. If they somehow destroy one, Zhao Hai would certainly grieve.

Laura looked at the 20 ships that were slowly approaching with anticipation. Now that her strength had reached 8th rank, she was quite eager to test it. She had trained since an early age, Zhao Hai was not a match against her.

Since Laura was a knight, her footwork, spearplay and swordplay are all quite fierce. Just based on techniques, she wouldn’t lose against Blockhead and Rockhead. This was even more true for a newbie like Zhao Hai, he wasn’t her opponent.

Laura’s confidence was currently very high. Her spars with Kun were now useless, she wanted to have a real fight. Zhao Hai had no choice but to take some metal out from the warehouse and made the Processing Machine produce a Tang Blade for her.

It must be said that the weapons in the Ark Continent are very good. But Zhao Hai was somewhat partial towards the weapons from Earth. The Tang Blade was like a Japanese Warrior’s Katana, it was not only sharp, it’s killing potential was also very good. Because of these characteristics, Zhao Hai chose to give Laura one.

What he didn’t expect was that when Kun inspected the blade, he was attracted to it as well. So Zhao Hai could only create another blade for him. Now, Laura and Kun both kept their blades almost always at their sides.

Another thing he didn’t expect was that when Blockhead and Rockhead saw Kun’s new weapon, they wanted one for themselves as well. But the Tang Blade wasn’t a heavy weapon, it wasn’t like the two handed heavy sword that the two usually used. Since they weren’t compatible with the Blade, Zhao Hai gave them a large machete with a lengthened hilt. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile upon seeing the faces of the two.

Although blades and swords





swords were different, people from the Ark Continent pay more attention to the weight of the weapons. Even if the weapon was considered heavy, women generally would take the lighter version of it. In Chinese martial arts, swords were meant to be swift while blades are for hard attacks. Obviously, it was impossible for a heavy sword to take the swift route. Zhao Hai observed that most moves in the Ark Continent involves chopping and swiping. This gave Zhao Hai the idea to hand his people blades which were more suitable for their moves than swords.

Upon receiving their new weapons, the group immediately went to familiarize themselves with it. Seeing the advantages brought by their new weapons, everybody was happy. They trained in the Space daily, and now that they have the opportunity to use it, they were naturally excited.

The Calci Family’s ships slowly surrounded Zhao Hai’s Haven. Juwan’s ship went forward while the others kept a safe distance while at the same time aiming their cannons towards Zhao Hai’s vessel.

Seeing the actions of the ships, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Good, they seemed to have learned something. But they were not smart enough since they came here.”

Laura smiled and said, “Juwan is certainly not smart. What Juwan wanted to see is your frightened face. This is the problem with young nobles, in his opinion, he had lost massive face because of you. So this time, he came with this force in order to make you lose face. Only after achieving this will his heart become comfortable.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “The attitude of an Idiot. If I just dealt with him properly before, he wouldn’t’ have come back here. I’ll make sure to take note of that.”

Laura and the others just listened to Zhao Hai and smiled. At this point, Juwan’s ship arrived and placed its walking plank. Juwan looked very smug as he boarded the Haven. At his side were several 8th rank warriors in addition to the Manager that the Family had sent.






people, Juwan was also followed by more than 20 warriors. All of them were at 6th and 7th ranks. They all looked at Zhao Hai with an inquisitive gaze.

Zhao Hai just calmly looked at Juwan’s group. Juwan looked proudly at Zhao Hai and then turned his eyes to Laura and the others.

Looking at Juwan’s actions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but wrinkle his brows and said, “Juwan, why did you come? Do you intend to block me?”

Juwan stared at Zhao Hai, not expecting him to ask that question. He didn’t know why Zhao Hai said that, he stole more than ten ships from Juwan. Why would he ask that”

After some time, Juwan recovered, and with a red face he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai, have you been scared silly? You really don’t know why I came today?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I really don’t know. How about you tell me?”

Juwan’s face was dark, his blood vessels were almost bursting. While gasping for breath he replied, “You snatched my ship and threw me on a boat, and now you ask why I came here? I told you, I will set our account straight one day. Today you must give me back my ships and the fire fishes as well for compensation. Also, make those beautiful women accompany me. Otherwise, you will become fish food today.”

Zhao Hai’s expression turned cold as he stared at Juwan, “Juwan, is this really what you want to say? Is this what a Calci Family member should say? Aren’t you afraid of shaming your Calci Family?”

Juwan’s expression changed, “You’re wasting your breath. Follow my orders immediately, or else I would be impolite.”

Zhao Hai looked at Juwan and laughed, “Good, Juwan, good. Does the Calci Family really think that these 8th ranks are enough to deal with me?”

Hearing Zhao Hai’s words, Juwan’s expression changed. It was also the same for the 8th ranks behind him. Zhao Hai just smiled at Juwan as he continued, “You really are naive if you think that these few

that these few experts on my ship can intimidate me. Today, let me show you my own method.” Then he waved his hand as large quantities of undead appeared on the sea’s surface.

Juwan and his companions didn’t know that the sea was already frozen. And just when their complexion changed color, Laura and the others went forward to fight them.

Juwan didn’t think that Zhao Hai’s companions would actually be experts. But what annoyed him more was the fact that Zhao Hai himself had taken up a weapon and fought against his subordinate with delight. And unexpectedly, he wasn’t a bad Warrior.

Although none of the undead under Zhao Hai touched Juwan, his face’s complexion was still pale. He knew that Zhao Hai’s subordinates didn’t attack him because they were afraid of Juwan, it was because they were putting the Calci Family into consideration. If Zhao Hai didn’t, all of them wouldn’t be alive right now.

His thoughts were correct, and while he was spaced out, Zhao Hai already assaulted the other ships. The experts on those ships were all seized under the command of Zhao Hai. Since he didn’t want to have a mortal enmity against the Calci Family, and he was just planning on teaching them a lesson, he just made his undead capture all of the key Calci Family people present.

Seeing his party being captured, Juwan paled even more. He knew that he wouldn’t’ be able to recover after this. At this time, the 8th ranks who fought Zhao Hai’s group were slowly getting captured one after the other. Only the one who fought Zhao Hai was holding on. Juwan could see that Zhao Hai’s fighting techniques weren’t strong, he was about the same level as a 6th rank warrior.

But Juwan didn’t underestimate Zhao Hai. This was because he knew that Zhao Hai didn’t focus on Battle Qi, he was a Mage.

A Mage that battles while carrying a weapon and was somewhat on par with a Warrior, this fact made Juwan think that the world had gone crazy.





* * *


  












Chapter 412 – Recording Magic

Everybody knows that practicing Battle Qi and Magic at the same time wouldn’t yield good results, it was a waste of effort. But Zhao Hai wasn’t very different compared to a 6th rank Warrior. In fact, the was displaying strength that was superior to a 6th rank. If Zhao Hai didn’t use Magic before, Juwan might have believed that he was a Warrior.

Juwan also took note of Zhao Hai’s age. For him to reach 6th rank this young was already remarkable

However, Juwan eventually thought that his thinking was wrong. Zhao Hai was brandishing his sword and his moves were very ordinary. Juwan’s subordinate was actually gaining the upper hand.

Although Juwan wasn’t very learned when it came to martial arts, he could see that Zhao Hai was only like this because he was inexperienced, not because he was weak.

Juwan was too angry that he didn’t know what to say. He wasn’t a fool, when he looks at Zhao Hai’s situation, it was very clear that his subordinate was only used as a sparring partner. But Juwan couldn’t do anything about it, there was currently a large group of undead paying attention to him.

The undeads were each holding a sword, and it was evident that they were all high level. They were also quite close to him, casting magic at this point was useless.

Suddenly, Zhao Hai’s group drew back, leaving Juwan along with his experts. Juwan’s expression changed, he wants to tie down Zhao Hai’s group, but it was already too late. At this point, Juwan’s group was slowly being surrounded by the group of undead.

Zhao Hai touched his sword with his hand and looked at Juwan coldly, “Juwan, don’t think that I’m afraid of you. Your puny force isn’t enough for me to get frightened. I only chose to stop in





consideration for Brother Smith’s face. I hope you understand that this Zhao Hai is not your Calci Family’s dog that you can just command whenever you want. If you want to cooperate with me, then show some sincerity. I’ll be confiscating these ships, I’ll take them as compensation. I hope you relay my message correctly to the family. I hope you won’t reach my bottom line.”

At this point, the only people left were the 8th ranks, Juwan, and the Clan’s housekeeper.

Juwan didn’t dare to make a move, Zhao Hai looked at him and smiled faintly, “I will not kill you, the same is true for those 8th ranks, rest assured. But I will have to take the ships, you know the rules, it’s the same as last time.”

Juwan’s complexion turned uglier, he understood, in his previous attack against Zhao Hai, they were still close to the shorelines and were aided by the Rosen Empire’s navy. Travelling to Sky Water City from that point would take three days. But this time, they weren’t with the Empire’s navy and were in international waters, the closest port from here would take seven days of sailing. For such a distance, it would be very troublesome if they were to get lost.

Zhao Hai didn’t care, he just retrieved the additional undead on the ships and stored them to the Space before he got Juwan on a lifeboat. When Juwan looked at the 8th ranks that he brought, they were actually crippled by Zhao Hai, not killed. Afterwards, Zhao Hai threw them all into Juwan’s boat.

Seeing Zhao Hai’s methods, Juwan’s face turned for the worse. He knew that for an 8th rank expert to lose their means of practicing Battle Qi and Magic, it meant a fate worse than death. Zhao Hai was really ruthless.

After looking at Zhao Hai’s departing ship,





ship, Juwan became gloomy. He stared at the pale faced and unconscious 8th ranks then turned to his housekeeper and said, “Throw them into the sea, then report to the Family that they were all killed by Zhao Hai.”

His housekeeper couldn’t help but stare upon hearing Juwan, then his complexion changed as he replied, “Fifth Young Master, that isn’t proper. It’s a rule of the Family to take care of an 8th rank when they get injured. If Young Master does this, you would be violating the Family’s laws.”

Juwan coldly snorted and said, “Don’t talk nonsense. Killing them will enrage the family. Bringing them home like this would just make the elders scared of Zhao Hai.”

Just after he said that, Zhao Hai’s voice was suddenly heard, “The Third Young Master is unexpectedly ruthless. Hahaha. But you seem to forget that there’s a magic spell that could record you. I’ve already saved what you said. Haha. If you dare abandon these people, then don’t blame me if this recording suddenly falls into the hands of the people from your family.”

When Juwan heard Zhao Hai’s voice, his face changed. He knew how difficult it was for a Mage to use Recording Magic. They first need to use three elements, namely earth, wind, and water. Then they would have to practice making Composite Magic with those three. If Zhao Hai or his subordinate can use Recording magic, this meant that Zhao Hai was or had someone that was an Advanced Level Multi-element Mage. And Juwan knew the family’s stance regarding those Mages.

Juwan also knew that Recording Magic wasn’t an attack magic, it belonged to a class called Truth Magics. These magics were unable to be falsified and are the most credible evidences that Mages could present. If Zhao Hai indeed recorded his words and actions today, then he would





he would be out of luck.

Don’t underestimate the influence brought by 8th rank experts. Although the Calci Family wouldn’t care if they died, Zhao Hai’s recording of Juwan’s actions would be a very big deal.


With these duties, some of them would unavoidably die while on duty. Those 8th ranks also have their own families, so if they die, what would happen to them? Without a source of income, how could they survive?


If the Clan couldn’t meet those expectations, then all 8th ranks would stay away from them. And that scenario would be fatal to any Clan.

If the elders from the Calci Family found out about Juwan’s plans for the 8th ranks, then he would certainly be punished. Moreover, if the 8th ranks of the family were to hear about Juwan’s actions, then Juwan could forget about getting the position of Patriarch.

Although those 8th ranks didn’t have much influence, it would be a different story if they form an alliance.


Juwan wasn’t sad about losing 20 ships. For the Calci Family, those 20 ships weren’t a big deal. But what is a big

is a big deal was Zhao Hai’s recording of Juwan. This would make Juwan unable to do anything to Zhao Hai. If he still did, then Zhao Hai can just hand his recording over to the family.

When the housekeeper saw Juwan’s appearance, he knew that it was the end for Juwan. Although he was just sent by the Clan to monitor the fifth son, their fates have already been bound together. Because of this, he didn’t report a lot of Juwan’s atrocities back to the family. He did so in the hopes that Juwan may succeed in being the Patriarch, making his position rise as well. But seeing this scenario, he understood that it was now impossible.

Zhao Hai naturally couldn’t just leave Juwan to fend for himself at sea. So he immediately sent word to Smith, telling him of the result. But Smith was already expecting this outcome, he already had his people patrol around the sea while waiting for Zhao Hai’s letter, so when the time comes, his men could quickly respond.

Although Juwan was a disappointment, he was still Smith’s blood brother. Therefore, he still had to go and save him. He also knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t take Juwan’s life.

When Smith received Zhao Hai’s letter, he immediately sent word to the family’s ships, making them pick up Juwan as soon as possible. Smith knew that unlike last time, where Juwan made his moves inside Rosen Empire’s region, this time his younger brother was on international waters. If they take too long in retrieving Juwan, he may come into danger.

Actually Smith also considered the fact that even though Zhao Hai disliked Juwan for the repeated attacks against him, Zhao Hai still highly regarded Smith’s face . Zhao Hai would certainly ensure Juwan’s safety, otherwise his ties with the Calci Family would wither away.





* * *


  












Chapter 413 – Rock Shrimp Tribe

There are a lot of juniors inside a Great Clan, for bloodline juniors, there were also quite plenty. Some of them were far related, some were direct, some can become successors, some cannot.

Juwan was in good graces with the elders of the Calci Family, he was very dear to their hearts, even higher than Smith. Because of this, when Juwan told them to deal with Zhao Hai, they didn’t oppose.

For a Great Clan like the Calci Family, they didn’t place too much importance to their 8th ranks. Therefore, Juwan thought that throwing them overboard was fine as long as nobody else knew and that they would provide monetary support to their families afterwards. Nobody would care about this small loss of their 8th rank experts.

This was why it should still be fine if Zhao Hai gets to kill a few 8th rank experts of the family. Killing 8th ranks to teach the family a lesson shouldn’t merit being mortal enemies with the Calci Family.

But if Zhao Hai were to deal with Juwan, his enmity with the family would flare up. It was said that unless one party gets extinguished, it was impossible to resolve hatred if a direct descendant of a clan gets killed. This was because Great Nobles place great importance in saving their face.

Because of this consideration, Zhao Hai let Juwan go while at the same time sending people to protect his safety. Zhao Hai understood that so long as he had Juwan’s recording about the 8th ranks, there was no possibility of Juwan becoming the family Patriarch.

For Zhao Hai, the recording was worthless, but for Juwan, it was something of huge importance. If Smith were to get his hands on the recording, he would have Juwan on his hands, his chances of winning the succession would increase.

Juwan being a playboy wasn’t a lie, but his position inside the hearts of the elders of the family couldn’t be underestimated. With Juwan’s support, Smith’s name within the elders of the family would be more regarded, for Smith this was huge.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t think about that for now. He made the undead on board Juwan’s ships to sail towards a place where nobody could spot them then Zhao Hai stored them into the space. Afterwards, Zhao Hai had the Haven go directly to where he initially met the Shrimp Tribesmen.

Zhao Hai didn’t want to enter other areas of the deeps seas. He could just pick a place and wait there, however, he wouldn’t be sure if that place belonged to the Shrimp Tribe. If the territory of the Shrimp Tribe was very small, then it would be very easy to stumble upon some other tribe’s place.

Before long, Zhao Hai arrived at the area where he last met the merfolk. But he didn’t





stop, he just slowly went further while taking caution. He prepared himself for the possibility of being attacked by sea-dwellers. The borderline between the coastline areas and the deep seas was quite blurred. But sailors knew that the area beyond Ape Island and its surrounding islands was the Merfolk region, so they came upon themselves to make that region the border. As long as you stay well behind that region, they should be relatively safe from Merfolk attacks. If you dare sail past that point, then you must be prepared to face the possibility of being attacked by a sea-dweller with the strength equal to the continent’s 9th rank expert. And nobody wanted to experience that.

Zhao Hai’s ship slowly sailed along the deep sea, but what surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that they didn’t receive any attacks. Everything seemed ordinary, as though they were just sailing on the continent’s coastlines.

Zhao Hai looked at the monitor with his brows wrinkling, this was because he didn’t spot a single one of those Shrimp Tribesman. He didn’t’ even see a single Merfolk, this made him quite puzzled.

At this time, Zhao Hai noticed something moving on the seafloor. Zhao Hai carefully observed it and saw a fish in the mud. It was a strange fish, it had the same color as the seabed, this must be why Zhao Hai wasn’t able to spot it earlier.

But this fish wasn’t considered to be a sea dweller. And because of Zhao Hai’s worries about the Merfolk, he didn’t even take the chance to absorb the fish into the Space.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t think that a moment later, a group of Shrimp Tribesmen could be spotted on the monitor. The group looked very menacing, as if they were coming to sink the Haven.

Seeing the situation, Zhao Hai immediately used Ice Magic and froze the waters surrounding the Haven. This made the approaching Shrimp Tribesmen stare blankly, they weren’t expecting this move from Zhao Hai.

These Shrimp Tribesmen understood that Zhao Hai wanted to make contact with them, otherwise he wouldn’t use Ice Magic. This made them stop and stare at the ice wall with confused expressions.

Zhao Hai saw their mouths move, but he couldn’t hear anything. This made him puzzled, but he immediately recovered as he gave his greeting, “Sea dwelling friend, hello. I have received an invitation by your tribesman Crag to do business with you. I’ll have to ask you to please call him to the surface and meet me.”

After Zhao Hai expressed his intentions, he observed the reactions of the Shrimp people. The Shrimp Tribesmen naturally understood Zhao Hai’s words, so they gave each other a quick glance before they exposing their heads out of the sea’s surface.

One of the Shrimp Tribesmen who surfaced looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Do you really intend





intend to do business with us?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Hello, Shrimp Tribe friend, I told Crag before that I would do trade with you. If you don’t believe me, you can ask Crag.”

The Shrimp Tribesman replied with a happy tone, “You wait here. Although we already heard about this matter from Crag, we are not sure if you are the one. I’ll immediately go call him over.” After that, the group disappeared into the sea.

Looking at these Merfolk, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. For the Humans to call them an alien race is too funny. These Merfolk looked like they didn’t have the the extremely doubting mind of humans, if they see you as a friend then you are a friend, if they think that you are an enemy, then you are an enemy. Their thoughts were very simple, they were the type of people that Zhao Hai liked. [1]

Before long, another group of Shrimp Tribesmen appeared in front of Zhao Hai, possibly including Crag with them. Why possibly? This was because to Zhao Hai’s eyes, all of these Shrimp Tribesmen looked very similar. It was like in the eyes of the Chinese, foreigners looked very similar to each other. This was also true for Foreigners, they also find it hard to differentiate one Chinese person from another.[2]

After the Shrimp people appeared on the surface, one of them looked at Zhao Hai and said, “My human friend, you finally appeared!! Hahaha. These days, I’ve almost become a joke in the tribe, they thought I was lying. My friend, come with me to see the Chief immediately.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, friend. Guide me, but stay on the surface, otherwise I wouldn’t’ be able to follow you.”

The man was naturally Crag. He looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “That’s not a problem, my friend, you can just follow my mount.” Then he sank into the sea before a large shrimp appeared. This shrimp was as large as those that were absorbed into Zhao Hai’s Space.

After the large shrimp appeared on the surface, it sank back down again, but before disappearing, it left its whiskers above the water. Zhao Hai smiled, it seems like these Merfolk were smarter than the Beastmen.

Zhao Hai followed the shrimp’s whiskers, although he can see the sea’s situation, he didn’t want to reveal that fact to the Merfolk.

Zhao Hai didn’t expect that the place where Crag was taking him was actually quite far. His ship has been sailing for three days straight before the shrimp stopped. At this time, Zhao Hai was basking in the sun while on the ship’s top deck, he wasn’t paying attention to the monitor. Now that the ship had stopped, he immediately got up.

At this moment, Crag appeared and smiled as he bowed, “Friend, our Chief will be





will be seeing you, please wait a bit.” Zhao Hai returned the bow hastily, he didn’t want to seem rude to these Merfolk.

Just as Crag left, Zhao Hai took two steps back into the ship before opening the monitor. Upon seeing the screen, Zhao Hai was stunned along with Laura and the others who were behind him. They didn’t think that they would be able to see such a scene.

Currently, there was a very large coral reef underneath the sea. One couldn’t just imagine how large this reef was. Seen on it were Shrimp Tribesmen swimming all around. He could also see marine products as well as all kinds of fish. This made Zhao Hai stared blankly.

Before long, Zhao Hai can see a curled up Shrimp man appearing on the monitor. This Shrimp man wasn’t hunched back because he was a shrimp, but because he was old. On his face were wrinkles, and his antennae were drooped on the sides of his head. Held on his hand was a wooden cane. This image gave Zhao Hai the impulse to laugh.

They could float on sea, why was this Shrimp Tribesman carrying a cane? At the same time, Zhao Hai was somewhat surprised, do canes have any use on the sea?

However, Zhao Hai just stayed on his ship and awaited the other party’s arrival. Soon after, a group emerged along with the old Shrimp. The elderly Shrimp man looked at Zhao Hai and coughed twice before talking, “Hello my young Human friend, I’m Libben, Chief of the Rock Shrimp Tribe.”

Zhao Hai quickly bowed and said, “I greet the Chief, I am the Human merchant Zhao Hai, I’m very glad to meet you.”

Libben looked very satisfied with Zhao Hai, he looked at him, smiled, then nodded, “Young man, you make me very surprised, I have never seen a Human who speak to us with a manner like you did.”

Zhao Hai replied, “To think that the Chief has met other humans, I didn’t expect that. I thought I was the first to come in contact with your Rock Shrimp Tribe.”

Libben smiled and said, “I just tried to interact with Humans, but in the end it all failed. When they see us, they yell, it made me feel uncomfortable. Young Human friend, I heard that you came to trade with us, what do you want?”

After hearing Libben, Zhao Hai immediately answered, “Respectable Chief, I am a businessman, naturally I would want some marine products. For example, aquatic Magic Beasts, marine plants, some pearls, unique corals, as well as some rare sea ores. If you have any special products, I want those too. For my side, I have grain, ceramics, and metalwares.

Libben looked at Zhao Hai, “Human friend, then come take a look at this and see how much this is worth.” Then the old Chief took

old Chief took out a clam shell that wasn’t that big and handed it over to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai received the shell and opened it gently, obviously he didn’t expect to see an actual clam inside, this should be the Merfolk version of a Human’s pouch.

The actual content of the shell was what made Zhao Hai startled, there was actually an exceptionally huge pearl inside.

The pearl was about the size of Zhao Hai’s fist. Zhao Hai couldn’t remember a time where he saw a pearl bigger than what he was currently holding. Moreover, this pearl had a pale yellow varnish, it looked very beautiful.

Laura, who was standing behind Zhao Hai, exclaimed as she took the pearl from Zhao Hai’s hands, “Brother Hai, this is a treasure! This pearl alone is worth all of the supplies that Charlie provided us.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Lidden and said, “Chief, your pearl is very precious. It can be traded for four ships’ worth of cargo. Will you agree with this exchange?”

Lidden looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “You’re an honest young man, I agree to the trade. You should know that since I’ve been the Chief of the Rock Shrimp Tribe for so long, I have the intuition to tell a person’s thoughts. I know that you didn’t lie, alright, you can take the pearl.”

When Zhao Hai heard Lidden, he was startled. He didn’t think that Lidden would have an ability like that. He couldn’t help but wipe some sweat off his brow, although this pearl was precious, it could at only trade for four ships’ worth of cargo at most. If the Shrimp Tribe was unhappy with the that trade, it wouldn’t be good.

Zhao Hai wanted a long term partnership with the Rock Shrimp Tribe, so he didn’t plan on deceiving them. He knew that the Shrimp People can also look up the value of this pearl, and when they find out that they were duped, they wouldn’t work with Zhao Hai again. At that point, Zhao Hai’s gain wouldn’t be worth the losses.

Zhao Hai waved his hand as four ships suddenly appeared on the sea’s surface. This action scared the Shrimp people, they didn’t think that Zhao Hai was able to release these many ships. It was probable that the Merfolk didn’t have Space Mages and Spatial Items, thus when they saw Zhao Hai’s movement, they were terrified.

On the other hand, Lidden stayed calm, he looked at this tribesmen and snorted, ‘Why are you flustered? That is Human Magic, very mysterious. Well, human friend, please drop your goods off on the sea, my people will take them away.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright.” Then he waved his hand as the undead on the ships began to dump the goods overboard.






* * *


  












Chapter 414 – The Trade is Concluded

Zhao Hai noticed that as the goods were dropped overboard, they were immediately caught by the Shrimp Tribesmen and brought to the coral reef.

Some of those Shrimp people had red eyes, they knew how valuable Human goods were to their fellow sea-dwellers.

Merfolk society was a hierarchical one. Just like the Beastmen, they valued strength highly. When you put the Shrimp tribe along with Beastmen, they would rank alongside the Pig and Cattle Clans, almost belonging to the lowest level of society, the slaves. Otherwise, the Shrimp Race wouldn’t be living this close to Humans.

For a tribe like them, they must provide tributes to those strong Merfolk tribes each year. Or else they would be demoted to being slaves, or worse being eaten.

When it came to ruthlessness, the Beastmen wouldn’t compare to the Merfolk. At the very least, Beastmen wouldn’t eat their fellow Beastman. But for the Merfolk, once someone becomes a slave, even if you are a fellow Merman, you would inevitably become food. This kind of race has a term, they weren’t called slave, they would be called meals, or in other cases, food.

The Shrimp Tribe were busy all year round, although there were a lot of treasures in the sea, the tribute they needed to pay each year was also a lot. Sometimes, their required tribute wouldn’t be met, so they had no choice but take them away from the Humans. They would raid and battle human ships near their territory, after all, they were superior on water.

For the Merfolk, Human products were very valuable. For a small tribe like the Rock Shrimps, a small amount of human goods would suffice for their yearly tribute. This made attacking Humans at sea even more appealing.

However, they wouldn’t be able to do that regularly since the Merfolk and the Humans had an agreement. If their raids were to cause a war with the Humans, the Rock Shrimp Tribe would surely become a Food Tribe.

Because of this little contact with Humans, Libben was able to have an understanding about what Humans find valuable. What he gave Zhao Hai was the most precious thing that they had. The production of this pearl was closely controlled by the Clam Shell Tribe, almost all of the pearl produced came from their hands. This one pearl that Libben presented was something he luckily acquired when he was young.

He showed this pearl in order to see if Zhao Hai was honest. If the price that Zhao Hai gave was acceptable, then he would be their Merchant. But if he didn’t, they would attacking him and sink his ship. They would rather do that than be deceived.

This reflected the attitude of their kind, the classification of good and evil was very simple. Being an enemy or a friend was decided by a few words.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai’s performance satisfied Libben, he decided that they would form a long time partnership with Zhao Hai. He immediately told this decision to his own tribesmen as they floated on the surface of the sea.

Zhao Hai took the pearl and closed it. After a short while, everything on the ships were emptied. Then Zhao Hai turned to Libben and said, “Chief, I still have some Human grains. Would you like some?”

Libben smiled and said, “Of course, we’ll be trading with these.” Then he waved his hand as his tribesmen took out a lot of things.

Zhao Hai looked at these things and smiled. These were his main purpose in coming here, aquatic magic beasts, marine plants, and special corals.

Zhao Hai said while looking at the aquatic magic beasts, “These things are very good, I’ll trade for them. Chief, I’ll be loading these things first.” Then the Shrimp Tribesmen carried the aquatic magic beasts along with their containers on board Zhao Hai’s ship.

Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as large quantities of grain appeared on the sea. As the tribesmen were transporting the grains, Zhao Hai turned to Libben and said, “Chief, I think today’s transaction has to end here. Can I know if the Chief wants to trade





with me again next time?”

Libben smiled and said, “We will trade with mister whenever he comes, rest assured.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s great, then I’ll ask to be excused.” Afterwards, Zhao Hai made his ships turn around and sail slowly.

At this time, Crag arrived at Libben’s side with an excited face, “Chief, these things are more than enough for us to pay the tribute. It seems like the Human didn’t deceive us.”

Libben looked at Crag and smiled, “Little one, this time I’ll have to thank you for bringing this honest Human to us. Now he will keep trading with us, also, go inform the other tribes and make them join our trades with the Human.”

Crag looked puzzled, “Chief, I don’t understand? Are our products cheap?”

Libben sighed and said, “Little one, you are too naive. Although these products are very good, it wouldn’t be good if we are the only ones that get it. Out tribe cannot swallow a benefit this big. Only when we ally up with the surrounding tribes will have the security of not being exterminated. Moreover, we also need more things to be exchanged in order to preserve a long partnership with the Human.”

Crag gave a nod that seems to border within understanding and not understanding. Libben didn’t add any more and just waved his hand as he led his people back into the sea.

Zhao Hai was now inside the Space, he saw that the plants that the Shrimp Tribe had given him weren’t ordinary, they were edible; Zhao Hao even saw kelp among them. The various magic beasts were mostly shrimps, it seems like the Rock Shrimp Tribe was very capable in raising shrimp.

When Zhao Hai absorbed these things into the Space, nothing happened, it seems like their levels were too low.

However, Zhao Hai actually earned big this time since he got a pearl as big as his own fist. It wasn’t something he could just exchange for a few boats anywhere. Adding on the special corals that were also quite attractive, he really had earned a lot with this transaction.

This was because although the price that he traded with the Merfolk was fair, he could add a huge markup on top of those products due to their rarity in the continent.

Looking at the corals, even Laura had the feeling of taking them away. Those things were really beautiful.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s expression and faintly smiled, “If you like it, you can take some. We still have a lot, we won’t be losing much.”

When Laura heard Zhao Hai, she was first very happy, then she shook her head and said, “It’s alright, we need to hand these things over to Charlie. Even though we aren’t short of money, we can use them to further our relationship with him. Right, Brother Hai, what are your plans for these magic beasts? These shrimps aren’t small, they should also be quite rare in the Continent.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ll get them to breed inside the Space first, then when they get to a certain number, I’ll take them out and freeze them.”

Laura nodded, “But we can’t head back immediately, or else Charlie would get suspicious. I think we might as well go and mine some stones on uninhabited islands. The last time when we planned to do it, we were interrupted with the Shrimp Tribe’s matter, so we weren’t able to continue.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “That’s also good, then let’s look for a small island and have the undead mine some stones. Let’s go and and see Little Jin as well, that kid had been too comfortable with his family nowadays.”

Even though Little Jin was still living on Ape Island, his life had been more comfortable than before. This was because he had a good relationship with Cai’er, so she kept a piece of land in the Space for the fruits that Little Jin liked. Zhao Hai didn’t oppose this decision since he was also fond of the little monkey.

Zhao Hai also didn’t want Little Jin to leave his tribe, after all a leader couldn’t just leave his group all





all the time. And since Ape Island now had a Transmission Point in it, they could just go visit him every time.

In the next few days, Zhao Hai found a small and uninhabited island according to the size they discussed before. The island had nothing else than some rocks and weeds, and it fortunately had the stones that Zhao Hai liked.

Zhao Hai stopped the ship at the side of the small island. Then he went to release the undead to mine the stones, and while those undead were mining, he went to Ape Island with Laura and the others.

Although the gorillas seemed very terrifying and weren’t as cute as Little Jin, they already were getting along with Zhao Hai’s group. The gorilla group had intelligence of a 5-6 year old child, they were happily playing around with Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai also wanted to find a safe place in the island to make a house in. So these past few days they were just strolling around the island.

Aside from finding a good place, they saw a cavern that had a water tunnel connecting to the cavern that the Goldmetal fruit was in. This cavern was very well hidden, even Little Jin didn’t know about it. This was because the entrance of this cavern was properly covered by a huge Bread Tree. The tree was placed on the outskirts of the island, this was why Little Jin rarely went there. The diameter of the tree was 50 meters, and half of it covered the entrance of the cavern, a 30 meter sized hole. In addition to the cavern entrance, it also had an opening towards the sea, also allowing a huge ship to come in from the outside. However, this entrance was underwater, Zhao Hai couldn’t do anything about that right now.

Although an entrance of the cavern was connected to the sea, it was actually very dry. Since the cavern was huge, it was no problem if several hundred individuals were to occupy it. This place was the best location for hiding secret treasures.

Chapter 414 – The Trade is Concluded

Zhao Hai noticed that as the goods were dropped overboard, they were immediately caught by the Shrimp Tribesmen and brought to the coral reef.

Some of those Shrimp people had red eyes, they knew how valuable Human goods were to their fellow sea-dwellers.

Merfolk society was a hierarchical one. Just like the Beastmen, they valued strength highly. When you put the Shrimp tribe along with Beastmen, they would rank alongside the Pig and Cattle Clans, almost belonging to the lowest level of society, the slaves. Otherwise, the Shrimp Race wouldn’t be living this close to Humans.

For a tribe like them, they must provide tributes to those strong Merfolk tribes each year. Or else they would be demoted to being slaves, or worse being eaten.

When it came to ruthlessness, the Beastmen wouldn’t compare to the Merfolk. At the very least, Beastmen wouldn’t eat their fellow Beastman. But for the Merfolk, once someone becomes a slave, even if you are a fellow Merman, you would inevitably become food. This kind of race has a term, they weren’t called slave, they would be called meals, or in other cases, food.

The Shrimp Tribe were busy all year round, although there were a lot of treasures in the sea, the tribute they needed to pay each year was also a lot. Sometimes, their required tribute wouldn’t be met, so they had no choice but take them away from the Humans. They would raid and battle human ships near their territory, after all, they were superior on water.

For the Merfolk, Human products were very valuable. For a small tribe like the Rock Shrimps, a small amount of human goods would suffice for their yearly tribute. This made attacking Humans at sea even more appealing.

However, they wouldn’t be able to do that regularly since the Merfolk and the Humans had an agreement. If their raids were to cause a war with the Humans, the Rock Shrimp Tribe would surely become a Food Tribe.

Because of this little contact with Humans, Libben was able to have an





have an understanding about what Humans find valuable. What he gave Zhao Hai was the most precious thing that they had. The production of this pearl was closely controlled by the Clam Shell Tribe, almost all of the pearl produced came from their hands. This one pearl that Libben presented was something he luckily acquired when he was young.

He showed this pearl in order to see if Zhao Hai was honest. If the price that Zhao Hai gave was acceptable, then he would be their Merchant. But if he didn’t, they would attacking him and sink his ship. They would rather do that than be deceived.

This reflected the attitude of their kind, the classification of good and evil was very simple. Being an enemy or a friend was decided by a few words.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai’s performance satisfied Libben, he decided that they would form a long time partnership with Zhao Hai. He immediately told this decision to his own tribesmen as they floated on the surface of the sea.

Zhao Hai took the pearl and closed it. After a short while, everything on the ships were emptied. Then Zhao Hai turned to Libben and said, “Chief, I still have some Human grains. Would you like some?”

Libben smiled and said, “Of course, we’ll be trading with these.” Then he waved his hand as his tribesmen took out a lot of things.

Zhao Hai looked at these things and smiled. These were his main purpose in coming here, aquatic magic beasts, marine plants, and special corals.

Zhao Hai said while looking at the aquatic magic beasts, “These things are very good, I’ll trade for them. Chief, I’ll be loading these things first.” Then the Shrimp Tribesmen carried the aquatic magic beasts along with their containers on board Zhao Hai’s ship.

Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as large quantities of grain appeared on the sea. As the tribesmen were transporting the grains, Zhao Hai turned to Libben and said, “Chief, I think today’s transaction has to end here. Can I know if the Chief wants to trade with me again next time?”

Libben smiled and said, “We will trade with mister whenever he comes, rest assured.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s great, then I’ll ask to be excused.” Afterwards, Zhao Hai made his ships turn around and sail slowly.

At this time, Crag arrived at Libben’s side with an excited face, “Chief, these things are more than enough for us to pay the tribute. It seems like the Human didn’t deceive us.”

Libben looked at Crag and smiled, “Little one, this time I’ll have to thank you for bringing this honest Human to us. Now he will keep trading with us, also, go inform the other tribes and make them join our trades with the Human.”

Crag looked puzzled, “Chief, I don’t understand? Are our products cheap?”

Libben sighed and said, “Little one, you are too naive. Although these products are very good, it wouldn’t be good if we are the only ones that get it. Out tribe cannot swallow a benefit this big. Only when we ally up with the surrounding tribes will have the security of not being exterminated. Moreover, we also need more things to be exchanged in order to preserve a long partnership with the Human.”

Crag gave a nod that seems to border within understanding and not understanding. Libben didn’t add any more and just waved his hand as he led his people back into the sea.

Zhao Hai was now inside the Space, he saw that the plants that the Shrimp Tribe had given him weren’t ordinary, they were edible; Zhao Hao even saw kelp among them. The various magic beasts were mostly shrimps, it seems like the Rock Shrimp Tribe was very capable in raising shrimp.

When Zhao Hai absorbed these things into the Space, nothing happened, it seems like their levels were too low.

However, Zhao Hai actually earned big this time since he got a pearl as big as his own fist. It wasn’t something he could just exchange for a few boats anywhere. Adding on the special corals that were also quite attractive, he really had earned a lot with this

lot with this transaction.

This was because although the price that he traded with the Merfolk was fair, he could add a huge markup on top of those products due to their rarity in the continent.

Looking at the corals, even Laura had the feeling of taking them away. Those things were really beautiful.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s expression and faintly smiled, “If you like it, you can take some. We still have a lot, we won’t be losing much.”

When Laura heard Zhao Hai, she was first very happy, then she shook her head and said, “It’s alright, we need to hand these things over to Charlie. Even though we aren’t short of money, we can use them to further our relationship with him. Right, Brother Hai, what are your plans for these magic beasts? These shrimps aren’t small, they should also be quite rare in the Continent.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ll get them to breed inside the Space first, then when they get to a certain number, I’ll take them out and freeze them.”

Laura nodded, “But we can’t head back immediately, or else Charlie would get suspicious. I think we might as well go and mine some stones on uninhabited islands. The last time when we planned to do it, we were interrupted with the Shrimp Tribe’s matter, so we weren’t able to continue.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “That’s also good, then let’s look for a small island and have the undead mine some stones. Let’s go and and see Little Jin as well, that kid had been too comfortable with his family nowadays.”

Even though Little Jin was still living on Ape Island, his life had been more comfortable than before. This was because he had a good relationship with Cai’er, so she kept a piece of land in the Space for the fruits that Little Jin liked. Zhao Hai didn’t oppose this decision since he was also fond of the little monkey.

Zhao Hai also didn’t want Little Jin to leave his tribe, after all a leader couldn’t just leave his group all the time. And since Ape Island now had a Transmission Point in it, they could just go visit him every time.

In the next few days, Zhao Hai found a small and uninhabited island according to the size they discussed before. The island had nothing else than some rocks and weeds, and it fortunately had the stones that Zhao Hai liked.

Zhao Hai stopped the ship at the side of the small island. Then he went to release the undead to mine the stones, and while those undead were mining, he went to Ape Island with Laura and the others.

Although the gorillas seemed very terrifying and weren’t as cute as Little Jin, they already were getting along with Zhao Hai’s group. The gorilla group had intelligence of a 5-6 year old child, they were happily playing around with Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai also wanted to find a safe place in the island to make a house in. So these past few days they were just strolling around the island.

Aside from finding a good place, they saw a cavern that had a water tunnel connecting to the cavern that the Goldmetal fruit was in. This cavern was very well hidden, even Little Jin didn’t know about it. This was because the entrance of this cavern was properly covered by a huge Bread Tree. The tree was placed on the outskirts of the island, this was why Little Jin rarely went there. The diameter of the tree was 50 meters, and half of it covered the entrance of the cavern, a 30 meter sized hole. In addition to the cavern entrance, it also had an opening towards the sea, also allowing a huge ship to come in from the outside. However, this entrance was underwater, Zhao Hai couldn’t do anything about that right now.

Although an entrance of the cavern was connected to the sea, it was actually very dry. Since the cavern was huge, it was no problem if several hundred individuals were to occupy it. This place was the best location for hiding secret treasures.





* * *


  












Chapter 415 – Returning to Jade Water City

Unfortunately, Zhao Hai had no great use for this cavern, he already had the Space for storing things. But for Little Jin, this cavern can be used as a storage area to preserve some Bread Fruits.

To be honest, there weren’t many things inside Ape Island. Apart from Little Jin’s tribe, the only other things were the Bread Trees. It was very strange that the only tree present on the island were Bread Trees, this made Zhao Hai very curious.

Although he was curious, there was no way for Zhao Hai to research this matter. The final conclusion that he reached was that it may be caused by the Goldmetal Tree.

Even if Zhao Hai was in Ape Island, he was also quite mindful of the stone mining operation. But Zhao Hai knew that there was no need to worry, making those undead do the mining was actually a good idea. This was because the undead can use their own bodies as their own tools, they didn’t need one at all. The situation went a lot better when Zhao Hai sent the Jie Li Shi twins to summon some stone golems. Summoning stone golems was the same as picking them and transporting them over, they were two tasks in one.

The group stayed on Ape Island for a whole month. Naturally, they didn’t stay there all the time, they also went back to Iron Mountain Fort from time to time, and on the other times, they just stayed inside the Space and trained.

Zhao Hai mainly practiced on his martial arts. And after one month of training, Zhao Hai’s present fighting capability can now rival an ordinary 7th rank Warrior.

These past few days, Zhao Hai had some good sparring partners, Little Jin’s tribe members. Those apes were very big, but they were also very flexible. Zhao Hai achieved great results when he sparred against them.

Besides martial arts, Zhao Hai also practiced his control over metal. Now he can control a metal ball the size of a soccer ball, allowing him the ability to change its form as well as make it fly all over the place. One day, Zhao Hai was able to transform the iron ball into armor and donned it on his body.

The current





armor looks like a couple of ropes interlinked with each other. Because of this, he took quite a while in forming it. He wanted to make the ropes even more thin, but that would be very tiring. The more intricate the metal’s form is, the more difficult would it be for Zhao Hai to do it.

However, for Zhao Hai, he thought that his progress was already good. He was quite satisfied with his armor right now.

One month quickly passed, now Zhao Hai and the gorillas on the island have become very familiar with each other. Zhao Hai even gave each of the gorillas their own names, making the apes like Zhao Hai even better.

For a whole month, under the endless effort of the undead, the entire island that they were on was more than levelled to the ground. The island now has a mountain sized depression making the middle of it hollow. The hole went below the sea level, only the area surrounding the island was abstained from being mined since if they get the stones there as well, the whole island would get flooded.

Although they were only mining for one month, the amount of stones that they got was a lot. Even if the stones weren’t enough to expand Iron Mountain Fort, it could still be able to build enough stone houses to accommodate 10,000 people.

Zhao Hai knew that it was time to set sail, so he retrieved all the undead back into the Space and then boarded the Haven to head back to Jade Water City.

These past few days, Zhao Hai hadn’t received any letter from Smith. He didn’t know what the Calci Family thought when he snatched 20 of their ships. Will they want to deal with him even more, or will they talk peace with him?

To be honest, Zhao Hai really wanted to be partners with the Calci Family. No matter what, the two of them had the same enemy. Even if Juwan disappointed him, he just let him go every time. He hopes that the Calci Family would put him in an equal position and just cooperate with him.

Another thing that worried Zhao Hai constantly was Southern King Boris. The attack on Ruyen’s ship was sent by him, this shows that he’s starting to





to take action against the Calci Family. Although Zhao Hai already warned Evan about this, he still couldn’t help but worry.

No matter what, Evan had been very helpful to him and was also a friend to the Buda Clan. Now that Zhao Hai had implicated him, he hoped that the Purcell Family could stay safe.

While the ship was sailing on the sea, Zhao Hai held on his hand two iron balls, playing with them as though they were baoding balls. This was a habit he had developed recently, additionally, it could also help him exercise his ability to control metal.

The Haven was quite calm as they spent the next few days sailing. He retrieved all of the boats he released before, he didn’t want Charlie to find out his total amount of ships. Zhao Hai currently believed that there was no other person that knew how many ships he actually had in hand.

Seeing that they were getting closer and closer to Jade Water City, Zhao Hai increasingly grew excited. No wonder Humans are social animals, it was much less stressful when having in contact with other Humans.

The ship slowly docked on Charlie’s private pier. The people in the pier already knew the Haven as well as Zhao Hai’s status.

The people at the pier knew that when Zhao Hai had set sail before, Charlie was there to bade him farewell himself. This gesture showed Zhao Hai’s exceptional identity. This made the personnel extremely careful when receiving him. In the end, this was Charlie’s special pier, all of those who were allowed to dock their ships here should be Charlie’s trusted people, nobody dared offend them.

Zhao Hai and the others got down from the Haven and sat on their carriage as they headed off to their shop in Jade Water City. From the pier, the shop was just a short distance away, so Zhao Hai chose to visit that place first.

While he was still quite a distance away from the shop, Zhao Hai noticed that there was a notable amount of traffic present. This made Zhao Hai stare blankly, he didn’t expect to see such a scene.

To him, the shop was mainly meant to be a contact point, its business quality didn’t matter. But now, it looks like the business here was





here was doing very good.

Zhao Hai went around the crowd and arrived at a small entrance behind the shop. The entrance was meant for special people, average citizens wouldn’t be able to enter through here. Naturally, there were no people seen here.

The group went inside the courtyard and saw the busy atmosphere inside it. They could see a lot of people with slave marks on their heads moving things around the courtyard. This made Zhao Hai somewhat confused.

However, Zhao Hai quickly came to understand that these people must have been bought by Mu’en. He obviously needed a lot of helping hands here, so it was natural for him to buy some slaves. It seems like Mu’en’s methods are really good.

At this time, the slaves also took note of Zhao Hai. They were surprised since they knew that the courtyard had three gates, the front gate, the side gate used for unloading cargo, and a special gate at the back. That gate was guarded by Zhao Hai’s undead, only Mu’en’s family were able to pass through there and nobody else. Now that they saw a group inside the courtyard that didn’t enter from the front nor the side gate, the slaves reckoned that they must have passed through the back gate. And seeing that the group wasn’t coming to cause trouble, did these people know the Manager?”

At this time, Shun had already called Mu’en to the courtyard. When they arrived, Zhao Hai immediately sent Shun to fetch the shop’s Manager. When Mu’en saw Zhao Hai and Laura, he immediately gave a bow and said, “Young Lady, Young Master, you came back.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Mu’en, go arrange some people to unload some marine products from the Haven. Remember that the products are frozen into huge chunks, make sure to handle them carefully while avoiding injury to your people.”

Mu’en nodded and said, “Young Master, Prince Charlie isn’t currently in Jade Water City, it seems like he returned to the capital. Will you still be heading to the City Lord’s Mansion?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment then said, “I’ll have to go, these marine products that I’ve brought needed to be delivered to Charlie to be processed. But go and prepare some rooms for us here, we will come back to rest in the evening.

in the evening. We wouldn’t be staying at the City Lord’s Mansion.” Mu’en nodded, then Zhao Hai added a few more instructions before they headed to the mansion.

Just as they were halfway there, they were met by a group of city guards. When the group saw Zhao Hai’s unique bull-pulled carriage, they immediately stopped as their leader dismounted from his horse. He went forward to Zhao Hai’s carriage and said, “Is this mister Zhao Hai’s carriage?”

Zhao Hai opened his door and walked out. He looked at the person and said, “I am Zhao Hai, and you are?”

The person quickly replied, “Sir, I am the Guard Commander of the City’s garrison legion. Today I came to offer the City Lord’s invitation as well as to escort mister to the mansion. The City Lord has prepared a welcoming banquet for your group.”

Zhao Hai nodded then said, “Alright, lead the way.” The commander nodded, then jumped on his horse. The group then escorted Zhao Hai’s carriage as it headed to the City Lord’s Mansion.

At this time, the people on the streets also took note of Zhao Hai. Among them, there were those who knew about the person on the carriage. This was because of the uniqueness of Zhao Hai’s bull-pulled carriage. They knew that this person cannot be offended since even the Prince was very polite to him. The people immediately gave way and avoided the carriage.

They quickly arrived at the City Lord’s Mansion. Zhao Hai saw Trezebo surprisingly stood at the front gate to personally welcome him. When the carriage stopped, Trezebo went forward an laughed, “Mister Zhao Hai’s actions are really very quick. I didn’t even have the time to get notified, otherwise I would’ve had come and meet you at the pier.”

After he got down from the carriage, Zhao Hai smiled, “I wouldn’t dare tire the City Lord. City Lord is too polite, how could I just let you personally meet me, I think I don’t really deserve it.”

Trezebo laughed, “Mister is the one being too polite, how could I get exhausted. Right, I’m inviting mister for a meal. I’ve prepared some good food and wine to welcome mister and his group back to the city.” He said as he pulled Zhao Hai towards the interior af the mansion.





* * *


  












Chapter 416 – Strength

When the group entered the City Lord’s Mansion, Trezebo turned to the housekeeper and said, “Go deliver mister’s stuff to Purple Bamboo Courtyard.”

Hearing this, Zhao Hai immediately said, “City Lord doesn’t need to be too polite. I now have a shop inside the city, there’s no need for me to live in Purple Bamboo Courtyard anymore. Also, that place is the Third Prince’s personal space, it wouldn’t be good if I stay there for long.”

Trezebo laughed and said, “Mister doesn’t need to worry. His highness wouldn’t be there for the majority of the year. Moreover, his highness already gave us order to allow you to keep staying in the courtyard. Mister can rest assured.”

Hearing this, Zhao Hai had no choice but to continue staying at Purple Bamboo courtyard. He had the others go to the courtyard to settle down first, then had Shun go inform Mu’en that it would be impossible for them to stay at the shop.

When Zhao Hai arrived at the dining hall, he saw that there were only seats enough for two people inside. This made Zhao Hai stared ot Trezebo puzzlingly, Trezebo smiled and said, “Let my wife accompany Laura and the others. Today let’s just eat with only the two of us so that we can discuss matters.”

Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything more. After the two sat down, the housekeeper immediately took action and served them liquor as well as had some people set up the dishes.

While they were sat down, Trezebo lifted his wine glass and said, “This glass is for mister. For enduring the tiresome sea travel, wading through salty sea breezes and sunburns.”

Zhao Hai also lifted his wine glass and said, “City Lord is very polite, actually I haven’t done anything, it was the captain who had all the troubles.” Then they bumped glasses and downed the liquor in one go.

After drinking the wine, Trezebo looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Looking at mister’s appearance, I reckon your harvests aren’t small? What good things did you acquire this time?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The most precious ones are this.” He waved his hand as giant corals appeared on the room, the clam shell appeared on the table as well.

Zhao Hai opened the shell gently and revealed the giant pearl. Trezebo stared blankly at the treasure, even if he had seen a lot of good things, he hadn’t seen a pearl as large as this before.

This was because pearls and corals on the Ark Continent are very precious, not only because they are attractive, but also because they were Magical materials, very valuable Magical materials.

Naturally these pearls and corals were also loved by women. Presently, there were only a few people who would use these as Magical ingredients, most were used by Nobles to decorate their houses.

Seeing this magnificent display, Trezebo took deep breaths so calm down his mood as he turned his head to Zhao





Hai, “I didn’t expect mister to have such a huge harvest, I really didn’t expect.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “These are the most valuable, I also have aquatic Magic Beasts, most of which were shrimps. I already froze them and is currently being transported to my shop’s warehouse. And last I also have some edible seaweeds and the like, not really worth a lot of money.”

Trezebo gave a nod and said, “That’s fine, the continent’s supply of those gets fewer and fewer every year due to the ruthless overharvesting of those Mages. They almost wiped out the entire coastline region of marine resources. Even if we are a port city, it has become more and more difficult for us to eat seafood. Your products should get very popular.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Good, as long as these things get sold. I was actually afraid that nobody would buy them. Right, you can take those in two days, after all, I already promised His Highness that I’ll only be acquiring those products. He can then decide how he wants to sell those.”

Trezebo laughed, “Rest assured, His Highness had already prepared, he’s now just waiting for you. Right, when will the fire fishes arrive? Everything on my side is fine, you can start sending them.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Be relieved, they should arrive in two days, you could get them then. Right, what happened to His Highness? Why did he return to Carson City? Did an accident happen?”

Trezebo smiled faintly, “Not really an accident, it was just that His Highness cannot leave Carson City for a long time. Carson City is the capital of the Rosen Empire, almost all of the big powers are centralized there. If His Highness left for a longtime, some people might start to loosen the ropes of his influence.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then gave a sigh, “His Highness really had rough. Right, did His Highness have any other tasks that he’s left to you?”

Trezebo smiled and said, “Rest assured, under normal circumstances, we who are on his side generally had nothing to do. We just continue doing our own thing.”

Zhao Hao nodded, “When the things get shipped in two days, have some people come and receive it. I think that His Highness should be needing a lot of money lately, we must make sure that His Highness gets the money he needs.”

Trezebo sighed, then with a serious voice, he said, “This is the only thing we can do right now. After all, the current Emperor’s body is still quite healthy. His Highness cannot overly try to win people over, therefore, we can only build our strengths at the moment.”

Zhao Hai agreed, “You go tell His Highness that if there is anything I need to do, don’t be polite to me, just go approach me directly. If he wants to make money, I can only provide these few products I have on hand. However, if there are other matters, tell





tell him that I’ll do my best to deal with them.”

Trezebo smiled faintly and said, “Mister can rest assured, if there really is something, His Highness would surely be impolite. Right, will mister stay for long this time? It’s going to be God’s Grace Day, the whole continent will be celebrating.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Yes, it’s the day where the continent celebrates the greatest, but isn’t this the best time to do business? I’m going to return to the deeps seas in two days and get some more marine products. I believe that it’s the season best suited for selling those items.”

Trezebo gave a stiff smiled and said, “Mister is really a Merchant, still thinking about business when it’s God’s Grace Day. Hai, it would be impossible for people like you to not get rich.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, “I have no choice, I have my Clan to support. If I don’t think of more ways to get money, we wouldn’t have any income.”

Trezebo’s eyes showed a small glint in them as he looked at Zhao Hai, but he didn’t say anything about it and just smiled and said, “Who doesn’t?”

Zhao Hai just smiled and didn’t talk anymore, he just continued to drink wine. Since Zhao Hai didn’t want to talk anymore, Trezebo didn’t ask. He just talked about drinking more wine and tasting more dishes. He also talked to Zhao Hai about the other people on Charlie’s side.

Zhao Hai was mindful to everything that Trezebo said, he was now on Charlie’s side, naturally he would want to know all about Charlie’s group.

The rest of the meal was spent with casual conversation. After eating, Zhao Hai returned to Purple Bamboo Courtyard. Laura and the others were already there. When they saw Zhao Hai return, they immediately welcomed them. Laura then asked, “Brother Hai, what did you talk about with Trezebo?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Nothing really, we just casually conversed. Laura, God’s Grace Day is approaching, I’m afraid we won’t be staying still, I plan on returning to the sea in two days.”

Laura replied, “God’s Grace day is less than a month away. We should travel and maybe return to Iron Mountain Fort. What plans do you have when we go to the sea this time?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Naturally to trade with the Rock Shrimp Tribe again. In God’s Grace Day, people would be splurging their money everywhere. All Great Nobles would want to eat delicious dishes during that time. When we go back and trade with the Shrimp Tribe, we should get a lot of seafood ingredients, those things are surely very in demand nowadays.”

Laura thought for a moment and said, “That’s good, we will surely have big profits. We should get Trezebo to prepare good stuff for us in return.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Right, we should also get good things since we still need to return back to Iron Mountain Fort. Maybe I’ll also send a letter





a letter via Blood Hawk to Brother Wales along with some gifts.”

Laura smiled and said, “Brother Hai, you seem to have forgotten. The Beastmen don’t celebrate God’s Grace Day. They’ll be attending the Ten Thousand Beasts Festival. Hehe.”

Zhao Hai stared blankly and patted his head, “Right, I forgot about that. Brother Wales is a Beastman, he doesn’t celebrate God’s Grace Day. Hahaha. Also, it’s something interesting to think about, when God’s Day passes, it should be about one year since we met.”

Currently, it was late winter. When Zhao Hao woke up last time, it was early spring. As long as God’s Grace Day passes, spring will arrive soon after. Time really passes by quickly.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Time really does come by fast, we actually know each other for nearly a year.” She and Zhao Hai had also met during spring season, since it was now winter, they will soon be knowing each other for one year.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “After this period of time, if we are not busy, we should ask Grandpa Green to prepare our matter, what do the two of you think?”

Meg and Laura’s face immediately turned red, they knew exactly what matter Zhao Hai was talking about, it was their wedding. The two of them were too embarrassed to answer, but they didn’t disagree.

Seeing the duo’s appearance, he couldn’t help but smile, “Don’t be embarrassed, I only held off our wedding up to this time because of some matters. First, it was because I was still under the effects of the Water of Nothingness. Second, I don’t want the two of you to marry me in secret. I must let the entire continent know about the women that I’m going to marry. I must let the continent know that the Buda Clan was once again standing on its feet, that the two of you are women of the Buda Clan. I will make all the people in the continent stop looking down on you.”

Laura and Meg looked at Zhao Hai with a gentle look. Laura spoe softly, “Brother Hai, we don’t really mind, as long as our Buda Clan is strong, it didn’t matter if nobody knows of our wedding.”

Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Marriage is a huge milestone of our lives, we cannot be careless about it. Alright, we’ll hold this matter until we discuss it with Grandpa Green and others. We should find a suitable time to reveal our Buda Clan’s might.”

At this point, Laura frowned and said, “Brother Hai, is this really a good idea? If we expose our identity, then wouldn’t trouble arrive at Iron Mountain Fort? If we show the secrets of the Fort, I think that it would be unfavorable for us.”

Zhao Hai replied with a serious voice, “I know that. But now that the poison fog on the Black Wastelands aren’t any less than those in the Carrion Swamp, even 9th ranks would


Laura thought for a moment, it was true. They have underestimated their current capabilities. At present, the Buda Clan is not weak. Now that the Black Wastelands have become pretty much like the Carrion Swamp, they could easily deal with those who dared enter it.

Meg, at this moment, chuckled and said, “Elder Brother Hai, you forgot to include the Blood Devouring Mosquitos. In the Space, we have large quantities of those mosquitos, there was no number that could describe it. Let’s see which expert can withstand a barrage of attacks coming from those. Also, if they really dared to wage a war with us, we can just repeat what we did back in Purcell Duchy. Just release pests in their territory, let’s see how well they’ll fare then.”

Hearing what Meg said, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. “I must say, Meg, you have quite some sinister ideas. Hahaha. But your idea is good. Before, I couldn’t just act recklessly because of my body, but now that I’ve been cured, we’ll see who will dare face us. Let’s just hope that the people in Aksu Empire wouldn’t dare mess with me. .”

Laura also smiled at Meg’s idea. At this point, Laura thought that their strength was already formidable, there was no enemy that they couldn’t deal with.

In all honesty, Zhao Hai had always neglected to take note of the strength of his undead creatures. One should know that Zhao Hai currently had a total of 700,000 undead on his hands. And these 700 thousand undead all have strength equal to 8th rank. If those 700 thousand undead were to be released by Zhao Hai in one go, then it wouldn’t be a problem even if they raze the entire Aksu Empire to the ground.

Although Zhao Hai also knew this, he just placed the idea on the back of his mind. This was because he knew that he couldn’t just release massive amounts of undead to wage war with other Humans, this was a one-way ticket to being public enemy number one and Zhao Hai didn’t want that to happen. He wasn’t a lunatic who wanted to take control of the whole world. He was just an average person who didn’t have any grudges on the entire Human race, he didn’t want to be embroiled in war all the time.

However, the heavens seem to think otherwise. It seems to dislike Zhao Hai being out of the limelight. When Zhao Hai and the others were chatting, a sound from a Blood Hawk was heard as it headed straight to Purple Bamboo Courtyard.





* * *


  












Chapter 417 – Smith’s Worries

Drawing back time a couple of days ago, Smith sat inside his study with a blank look. Phil was at the side looking at him with a pained expression. Phil understood Smith’s current mood. This was because, just now, Smith received a letter from the family stating that they will still deal with Zhao Hai, and this time they would be bringing along some 9th rank experts.

Smith couldn’t fathom how wise and smart people like the elders of the family became dumb as a rock when it came to Zhao Hai’s matter. Smith felt like he was appealing to some cows.

And because of Smith’s constant messages, the Family was now quite dissatisfied with him. This brough Smith a huge headache. He knew that Zhao Hai was not alone anymore, he now has Charlie at his back. Moreover, the Prince came to think highly of his new friend. If the Family happened to kill Zhao Hai, they would form an enormous entity with Charlie. If the scenario where Charlie becomes the Emperor in the future comes true, then the family wouldn’t have any good days going forward.

He also knew that the Family didn’t care about Charlie since he was only the Third Prince, not the Crown Prince. Although Charlie has the right of inheriting the throne, he was always acting very low-key, this made the family’s disregard the Third Prince.

However, Smith knew that Charlie wasn’t that incompetent, otherwise why would the current emperor hand him Jade Water City.

Although the Imperial Clan had a huge influence, its truly high income cities only numbered three, Jade Water City, Rising Water City, and the Empire’s capital, Carson City.

Carson City, the Imperial Capital, was currently the residence of the Crown Prince. He was currently helping the Emperor manage the Empire, it can be said that Carson City is under the Crown Prince’s rule.

However, Carson City was a city full of dragons and tigers. In addition to the Crown Prince’s influence, the other prince’s center of power were also present in the city. There were even forces in the city that exceeded his influence. Even the Calci Family’s branch on Carson City wasn’t that less than the Crown Prince’s faction. With the addition to his Imperial Uncles, it was very





difficult for the Crown Prince to fully control the city. Therefore, Smith wasn’t optimistic about the Crown Prince.

The Second Prince controls Rising Water City. It was a good place, geographically similar to Sky Water City. However, Smith was also not optimistic about the Second Prince. This was because this Prince was very shortsighted. He manages Rising Water City like how an abusive farmer overly milks his cows. Because of this, a lot of Merchants were forced to leave the city. If not because of its good location, Smith was afraid that Rising Water City would already be bankrupt.

The Third Prince Charlie manages Jade Water City. Even after being the Third Prince, the major forces of the empire didn’t seem to take note of him. This in itself made people feel very strange. The third successor of the continent’s most powerful nation was someone nobody paid any attention to, this matter was too mysterious.

This can only show that the prince had been acting very low-key recently that nobody paid him any attention. But Smith knew that someone was more terrifying when he was invisible. If you don’t take note of him, you wouldn’t be able to know the cards on his hand. This was a talent that made someone extremely frightening.

And this time, Zhao Hai chose to leave Rising Water City in order to transfer to Jade Water City, offending the Second Prince along the way, preferring a man no one paid any attention to. This in itself showed Zhao Hai’s nature, so why didn’t the family consider this?

Can the people in the family really not see the bigger picture? They might have forgotten about that aspect since they were too focused on dealing with Zhao Hai. Not only would they offend the Third Prince, they would also be harming the Calci Family’s prestige.

Zhao Hai’s status was very well-known in the continent. People knew that he is a Dark Mage. And when people heard that he went to Sky Water City, they should have faintly guessed that he ran away from the Radiant Church and Southern King Boris and reckoned that he might have hired himself to the Calci Family.

Even if the various forces in the continent were unaware of the existence of the League of Dark Mages, they should





should still be knowledgeable of the fact that the Calci Family was held the pinnacle influence regarding the Dark Mages in the continent. Because of this reputation, numerous Dark Mages would join the League of Dark Mages. This was because they could not only receive assistance, the organization was also quite loose.

In this case, the family’s action against Zhao Hai was improper. What would the other Dark Mages think when they hear of this? Will they still join the league? Can they still work hard for the league? Later on, Dark Mages would think twice about joining up with the Calci Family. They would fear that they might be treated like Zhao Hai, wherein the treasures they had on hand were seized by the family.

In the eyes of outsiders, this was the case. Zhao Hai had fire fishes on hand that the Calci Family fancied, so they wanted him to hand it over. But Zhao Hai refused, which caused this whole event.

Outsiders weren’t privy to the inside affairs of the family. In their minds, Juwan was just a member of the family, he didn’t have that much influence, so it was impossible for them to think that he was the root cause of the situation.

Smith was currently worried about this matter. He feared that the Calci Family’s image on other Dark Mages were now quite smudged. If this matters gets larger, then the League of Dark Mages might even disband.

What Smith didn’t understand was his brother Peter who had the most understanding with regards to the league. Why didn’t he prevent this? Not only did he not prevent it, he also disregarded Smith’s warnings. This made Smith very confused.

Phil, who was Smith’s housekeeper, naturally understood. But he didn’t have any other choice right now, Smith was only the 2nd successor to the Family. Above him were the Elders and the Patriarch, while at his surroundings were the other successors. The moves that Smith could do were quite limited.

Phil also thought that the family wouldn’t go too far in dealing with Zhao Hai. After all, this matter seems like the Family was stealing openly. Moreover, they were going against their own Mage. He didn’t think that this matter would reach this point.

Currently, Zhao Hai had already snatched more than 30 ships






In all honesty, Phil was very angry when he heard about this, he didn’t expect that Zhao hai would be so ruthless, actually crippling those 8th ranks. But he also knew that Zhao Hai still kept the family’s face into consideration, otherwise Juwan would already be dead.

The one that Phil didn’t expect the most was the family sending a 9th rank to cope with Zhao Hai. This wasn’t a clever decision for the family.

Can a 9th rank really be mobilized that easily? But for of an uncooperative Dark Mage, the family actually planned to send a 9th rank, the resources they would use would be very huge. More importantly, they were going to send the 9th rank to deal with Zhao Hai, what would the members of the league think of this? Would they still support the family in the future?

Phil thought that the situation had become very troublesome. At this point, Smith suddenly talked to Phil, “Uncle Phil, what do you think is going on in the minds of the family? Why do they really want to deal with Zhao Hai? I think this decision shouldn’t be just because of Juwan.”

Phil nodded and said, “Mobilizing a 9th rank is a very huge matter, it wasn’t something the Fifth Young Master can decide on. The decision should have been made by either the Patriarch or the Elder’s Assembly, but as to why, I have absolutely no idea. Is it because they think that he might have become overconfident because of the previous matter that he dared to slap the family’s face? Or are there some ideas on the mind of the Patriarch?”

After listening to Phil, Smith’s eyes lit up, “Uncle Phil, are you implying that the family is scared of Zhao Hai?”

Phil looked confused at what Smith just said, “Scared? What do they need to fear about Zhao Hai? Even if he is quite talented, it was impossible for him to defeat a 9th rank expert. Why would the family be afraid of him?”

Smith let out a long sigh and said, “I think the Family didn’t fear Zhao Hai’s strength, but instead his ideas. In the past, didn’t the plan to suppress the Radiant Church

the Radiant Church came from Zhao Hai? They feared that through Zhao Hai’s understanding of the Radiant Church, he could influence other Dark Mages and slowly wrestle control of the League away from the Family. Therefore, they took this chance to eliminate Zhao Hai. Moreover then think that Dark Mages only think of themselves, they wouldn’t care about Zhao Hai. This made the Family decide on this action, since they didn’t fear Dark Mages would leave the league and form their own alliances on their own.”

Phil stared and muttered, “Is it really this? Even if those Dark Mages didn’t leave the league, they would still be afraid to share their information to the league. This would be a huge blow to the organization.”

Smith coldly said, “I’m afraid that it isn’t that simple. Zhao Hai’s idea made it possible to have more Dark Mages emerging from the empire, further increasing the family’s influence. In the future, it was highly probable that those young Dark Mages would hire themselves to the family. At this point, the family wasn’t worried about the Dark Mage’s inheritance anymore. For them, the leagues was no longer important, so they decided that it was fine to deal with Zhao Hai.”

Phil stared blankly at Smith, “Really? Can the family actually do that?” Although he was asking a question, he already agreed with Smith’s words. This may actually be the reason why the family didn’t hesitate in dealing with Zhao Hai.

Phil had served the family for his entire lifetime, so he already understood the mindset of the family. Although the Calci Family was very low-key recently, deep inside, they didn’t change their bearing as Great Nobles. They were still greedy, greedy for wealth and greedy for power.

A few years ago, because of the Radiant Church’s suppression of the Calci Family, they felt the need to establish the League of Dark Mages. Upon establishing the league, they treated all of the Dark Mages in it quite nicely. But in truth, the Calci Family were still looking down on those Dark Mages. There were even small Dark Mage clans that weren’t destroyed under the Radiant Church’s hands, but instead in the Calci Family’s. This was to ensure that the family stayed quite high up on the minds of the Dark Mages.





* * *


  












Chapter 418 – The Devil Resurfaces

Now because of Zhao Hai’s plan, the family didn’t need to fear Radiant Church’s suppression anymore. Therefore, they shifted their focus towards the Dark Mages and proceeding to deal with those who pose a threat to the family. And Zhao Hai was without a doubt such a person.

From the family’s point of view, Zhao Hai’s strength was only 7-8th ranks, he wasn’t a threat regarding that area. However, the idea that Zhao Hai provided the family was too effective that the family came to fear him. For Zhao Hai to give that kind of idea meant that Zhao Hai’s capabilities are quite high. If given the opportunity, perhaps he can establish his own Great Clan, when that time comes, the Calci Family would have a hard time in getting the hearts of all Dark Mages.

Moreover, in their opinion, Zhao Hai’s body had all the conditions required to build a family. He is young and his strength isn’t that bad. He has a lot of good to not worry about money. He is smart as well, all of these combined together was enough for the Calci Family to make a move against him.

Phil didn’t agree with the family’s methods. It was because the family had caused huge damage to all the Dark Mages and ensured that they didn’t increase in power. With only the family facing against the Radiant Church, the profession was in fear of getting exterminated. Now that the family is doing better, they got back to their previous actions again, this was really a short-sighted behavior.

Smith didn’t replied to Phil’s words, but with a serious voice he added, “The Family’s brains is starting to rot again. Do they really really want to aid the Radiant Church? No, we cannot just allow it.”

At this time, Phil recovered from his thoughts, he looked at Smith and sighed, “Master, I’m afraid that wouldn’t’ be easy, how would we protect Zhao Hai? The family will send a 9th rank this time, don’t consider Zhao Hai, even the Third Prince Charlie couldn’t just casually mobilize a 9th rank.”

While Smith may have a calm face, his mind’s thoughts





were continually spinning. He was trying to figure out ways in order to save Zhao Hai. In his opinion, Zhao Hao was a very talented man, one full of potential. He is a good blessing to all Dark Mages. Moreover, Smith wanted to preserve the mission of the League of Dark Mages, to be there for Dark Mages but not controlling them. They need to make the league keep its loose management.

It was precisely because that if the Family were to become strict in its management of the Dark Mages, they might kill those who were disobedient. When that time comes, Dark Mages would still respect the family, but not because of reverence, but because of fear. So when the league of Dark Mages became established, the family just supported it at the side and didn’t step in to rule it directly. The family knew that Dark Mages were mostly uncooperative.

The current practice of the family was very wrong. If their actions cause the Dark Mages to hold back on their contribution, this wouldn’t be very good for the overall situation of all Dark Mages. It would only make it easier for the Radiant Church to deal with the Calci Family, as well as slowly exterminating the Dark Mages in this world.

The advice that Zhao Hai offered, making Dark Mages proliferate in the Rosen Empire, requires time. For a child to study, become talented and assume a responsible position, it would take at least 20 years. Who knows what happens in 20 years? If the Rosen Empire feels like the Dark Mages were increasing their strengths rapidly, then they would start suppressing them. Adding that on top of the threat of the Radiant Church, the trouble to Calci Family would be huge.

Therefore, the League of Dark Mages cannot be disbanded. Zhao Hai cannot die, he must live, otherwise the will of the Dark Mages will wither away. Then the League of Dark Mages would only exist in name.

However, protecting Zhao Hai wasn’t easy, the family was determined to deal with Zhao Hai this time. And from what Smith understood from Zhao Hai’s disposition, he wouldn’t make any compromise, this would





would further the matter into a bad outcome.

But at this time, the devil suddenly resurfaced inside Smith’s head. It started to occupy his mind, moreover, its control got bigger and bigger.

This devil was of course the idea that has been brewing inside Smith’s mind these past several days, the idea of marrying Megan off to Zhao Hai. This idea existed inside the thoughts of Smith for a long time, but he didn’t have the courage to go through with it.

Wanting to protect Zhao Hai wasn’t easy, but if Zhao Hai weds Megan, then he would become a person from the Calci Family. This way, the family wouldn’t be able to act against him. Upon taking a further look, this really was the best way to avoid Zhao Hai’s conflict.

The thought was getting more and more intense, to the point where Smith couldn’t resist it anymore. Seeing Smith’s change in complexion, as though he had been convinced of a solution, Phil asked, “Did the City Lord find a way?”

Smith turned to Phil and nodded, “I have one, but it needs the agreement of a person to work. If she wouldn’t agree, then it will be useless.”

Phil was confused while he stared at Smith, “Who is it? Is it the eldest Young Master? But didn’t the eldest Young master agree to the family’s action?”

Smith shook his head and said, “It’s not Big Brother, it is Megan.”

When Phil heard Smith’s words, he immediately understood the idea. His expression couldn’t help but change. Since he was with Smith for a long time, he also watched Megan grow up, for Phil, the Calci Family’s Plum Blossom Princess was like his own granddaughter. When he heard Smith, he didn’t like it at first.

However, he was also a person that could see the bigger picture. Seeing him ruminate on his words, Smith looked at Phil, he knew how Phil felt for Megan, so he added, “Megan told me a few days ago that she didn’t just want to eat sleep and wait to die. She wanted to do something for the family and wouldn’t want to marry another noble who only knew how to eat and play. But





play. But if we marry her over to those legitimate successors of other Noble families, I’m afraid that she would get bullied. We protected her too much for all her life that now she is bored with her life. Uncle has also met Zhao Hai, that young man is very good, although he already has two faces, you can clearly see that their attitudes towards each other are very good, this is great news for Megan. And most importantly, Zhao Hai is also very strong. Even if his strength get bigger than us in the future, we have Megan on his side to monitor him. What do you think?”

Phil was still as he listened to Smith’s words, from what Phil heard, Smith shouldn’t have just thought this matter for one or two days. It seems like he already thought this out completely.

Phil’s impression of Zhao Hai is also very good. He was low-key, down to earth, and one who knows what the right thing to do. Although his origins are mysterious, it was undeniable that his future was limitless. If Megan were to marry Zhao Hai, that would be great as well.

However, Phil still said, “What we think is unimportant, only Megan’s opinion on this matter can be put into considerations. If Megan disagrees, then I will not make Zhao Hai marry her.”

As soon as Smith heard Phil, he knew that his housekeeper had already agreed. But as Phil said, everything hinges on Megan. If she agrees, then everything else would be very easy to handle. If she doesn’t then they wouldn’t force her. Smith was, after all, still protective of his daughter.

Smith nodded and said, “Uncle Phil can be relieved, if Megan disagrees, then we would find another solution. But I think that we should find another person to ask her, I’m afraid she wouldn’t be able to disagree if either you or me asks, that girl’s skin is too thin.”

Phil smiled faintly and said, “Oh, time indeed passes quite fast. In a blink of an eye, Megan reached marriageable age. Hehe, City Lord, I think you should discuss this with the madam, she would be the best person to ask

person to ask this matter.”

Smith nodded, “Right, then I shall immediately go talk with the madam. I must make this clear to her first, otherwise she wouldn’t just agree.” Then he rushed off, Phil shook his head and followed right behind.

Smith’s wife was also quite influential, because of the family’s rule of not marrying off their daughters for benefit, naturally wives of the family were also held at high status.

However, even if Smith’s wife held some power, she had always been supporting Smith ever since the two of them married. She never intervened in family affairs. When she’s at home, she just raised some flowers and plants. And since she was also a Potion master, she spends majority of her time researching potion making. This made her quite distant to the matters of the family.

But because of this, Smith held a lot of affection towards his wife. Their feelings for each other never changed after dozens of years being together. Smith also didn’t have any other lover, the affection the two held for each other was the envy of everyone around them.

When Smith went to the courtyard where he lived, he didn’t find his wife. Soon, he went to his wife’s medical garden. This was where she researches medicine as well as prepare her husband’s medicines. Common people weren’t allowed here, even servants, this was the madam’s personal order.

Upon reaching the medical garden, Smith spotted his wife watering some herbs. The madam was wearing cotton garments, she held a canteen on one hand and was carefully dripping water on the plants. She looks very earnest and charming, Smith just stood there for a while.

Before long, the water inside the canteen was used up. When she looked up and saw Smith just standing there, she couldn’t help but smile, she stared at her husband and said, “Dear, what are you doing here? Is there something you need from me?”

Smith recovered as he quickly nodded, “I do, I have an important matter to discuss with you. Let’s return to the courtyard first.”

Seeing his husband seem so serious, the madam nodded gently. Then she placed her canteen down and walked with Smith towards their courtyard.





* * *


  












Chapter 419 – Megan’s Thoughts

After they arrived at the courtyard, they sat down as a servant went and served them some tea. After that, Smith waved his hand to make the servants leave the room for the two of them.

Seeing the situation, the madam couldn’t help but stare, she turned her head to Smith and said, “What’s the matter my dear City Lord? Why are acting so mysterious?”

With a calm face, Smith looked at the madam and said, “This matters implications are going to be big. Today, I received a letter from the family that said about their plans of sending a 9th rank expert to deal with Zhao Hai.”

The madam stared at her husband,, then she knit her brows. Even if she didn’t care much about the matters of the family, she took not of Zhao Hai since she has a good impression of the young man. In her opinion, Zhao Hai was an honest and reliable man with great strength. Such a young man was very difficult to find nowadays.

In the past, she didn’t care too much about the family’s plans of dealing with Zhao Hai. For her, it should have been just been Juwan doing his thing. She believed that Smith would have this under control. However, she didn’t realize that the family would go and send a 9th rank expert to Zhao Hai. With a 9th rank dispatched, the matter turned more complicated. How could the situation reach this point?

Seeing the madan not talking, Smith said, “I want to save Zhao Hai, if the family were to kill him, no Dark Mage would trust the family ever again. This loss would be too much for the family.”

The madam frowned, “But didn’t you say that the family will send a 9th rank expert? If this decision came from the Patriarch and the Elder’s Assembly, then how can we guarantee Zhao Hai’s safety?”

Smith looked at his wife and said, “Dear, Megan’s age isn’t that young. I think it’s time for her to get married. I want you to ask her how she feels about Zhao Hai.”

Upon hearing her husband, the madam’s expression changed. But she wasn’t a normal woman and didn’t immediately oppose, she thought about it more carefully.

Seeing his wife like this, Smith was glad, he looked at her and added, “You know what kind of man Zhao Hai is. You have also seen Laura and Meg. I think if Megan were to marry Zhao Hai, then she wouldn’t suffer in the future. This way, Megan would have a safe home to return to. At the same time, we would be able to save Zhao Hai. However, this matter fully depends on Megan, if she doesn’t agree, then I will think of another solution. I’m here to ask ask you opinion, what do you think?”

The madam thought for a moment and then nodded, “That young man Zhao Hai is good. But my condition





is that if Megan were to marry him, he should reveal to us his own family background. Otherwise, I will oppose to their marriage.”

Smith nodded, Zhao Hai’s background is very mysterious. Nobody in the continent knew, this was one of the misgivings inside Smith’s heart.

Now that the madam agreed, Smith can now proceed to the next step, he turned to his wife and said, “Since you agreed, then the next matter is easy. I want you to help me ask Megan what he thinks about this. After all, this is not something that a father could just ask his daughter. Don’t ask directly, ask her what she thinks of ZHao Hai first. After all, the time that they came in contact wasn’t that long. Inquire her slowly, but remember that I will need to send Zhao Hai a letter in the next days, making him come back to Sky Water City immediately. If Megan disagrees, at the very least we should inform him that the family is planning to send a 9th rank to deal with him.”

The madam nodded, “Alright, leave it to me. Dear, do you really like Zhao Hai? The plan was decided by the family, if you really go on with your plan with Zhao Hai, then you would be offending almost everyone.”

Smith sighed, “I cannot please everybody. But if the family succeeds with this operation, then its fate would be beyond redemption.” Then Smith told his wife about the speculations that him and Phil came up earlier. The madam frowned, even if she didn’t care about these matters, it didn’t mean that she couldn’t understand it. She lived inside the family for along time, so she was still clear about its inner workings. She agreed with Smith’s speculation.

After Smith talked, the madam sighed and said, “The family had been suppressed by the Radiant Church for so long. Now that they experienced a single win, they already thought that the world belongs to them. Right, Zhao Hai is a good young man, but he’s currently together with the Third Prince. This matter is too risky, did you already think about that?”

Smith smiled faintly and said, “I didn’t really think much about it, but that situation was in the end caused by the family. Zhao Hai isn’t a fool, he’s smart. Seeing that he had some accidents here, he naturally would give himself an escape route. But that doesn’t matter, even if our Great Family didn’t join struggles for the throne, Zhao Hai didn’t belong to our family. Even if he marries Megan, he wouldn’t bear our family name, so it should be fine for us. And if the Third Prince were to succeed, then it would be a good bonus for our family. In the end, this matter has both danger and benefits, half and half.”

The madam then said, “Alright, I will go approach Megan in the next two days. What about you? When





When will you send the letter for Zhao Hai? You should use the Blood Hawk he gave you to get it to him as soon as possible or else it would be too late if the family already sent their 9th rank expert.”

Smith nodded and said, “From what I heard, Zhao Hai was still not in Jade Water City. This made it difficult for us to find him, which also made it difficult for the family to find him. And even if he comes back, he should still be safe inside the city. After he returns to Jade Water City, I will immediately send him the letter asking him to come back to Sky Water City.”

The madam knit her brows, “But will Zhao Hai come?”

Smith replied with a serious tone, “He surely will, for his two previous actions, it showed that he didn’t want to get in serious conflict with the family. But even if he suffered a bit from the family, he should still have good impression of me. If I send him a letter, he will certainly come.”

The madam nodded, “Alright, then I shall ask Megan’s opinion as soon as possible.” Smith also nodded, then sighed. The madam looked at him and knew that he was anxious about this situation, so she consoled him, “The family had been around for so long, it has surely experienced its ups and downs, but it is still standing today. It wouldn’t be easy for it to be destroyed.”

Smith sighed and said, “It was because the Calci Family existed for a long time that father and the elders thought that nothing fatal would happen to the family. In the past where the Radiant Church still had its knife on the family’s neck, the family was constantly pushed till their backs were on the wall. And now that the we have won a single battle, they didn’t see that there was virtually no damage done to the core strength of the Radiant Church. The family even couldn’t wait before they completely got rid of their enemy, this is too pitiful.”

The madam sighed as well, she knew that her husband had given his all for the family for all these years. But now the family was heading towards its current direction. It was no wonder that Smith felt very sad.


When the day turned noon, the madam found Megan inside the study room, reading. These days, Megan rarely went out to play, for her going out was now pointless. She had already played around sufficiently, already ate everything she found delicious, right now, there was nothing that came to interest her.

The madam naturally knew Megan’s thoughts. She quietly stood at the door of the study and looked at her daughter who was focused on her reading. The madam’s heart couldn’t help but sigh, her daughter had finally grew and and reached marriageable age.

While Megan was very focused, the madam coughed slightly, this woke





this woke Megan up. Then she saw her mother and immediately placed down the book as she stood up, “Mom, why did you come? I thought you were at your medicinal garden.”

The madam smiled and said, “I just can’t stay inside the garden all day. Right, Megan, why haven’t you gone out to play? Is there something wrong? Are you unhappy?”

Megan shook her head and said, “It’s nothing, but nothing just excites me. I feel bored when I go out to eat and drink. I might as well read at home.”

The madam arrived at Megan’s side as she patted Megan’s head, she smiled and said, “My small Megan had grown up, she finally became very sensible. Hehe. Your father will certainly be happy.”

Megan pouted her lips and said, “I don’t think so. I already told father and asked him to do something for me. But until now, he still hasn’t come up with something for me. I can only be here everyday, reading and being bored to death.”

The madam couldn’t help but smile to Megan and reply, “You silly thing. You think handling matters is that amusing? That is much more boring compared to reading a book. Otherwise, why do you think I always stay inside my medicinal garden and handed everything about the house over to the housekeeper? You silly girl should think properly for yourself, truly.”

Megan spat out her tongue and chuckled naughtily. Seeing Megan’s expression, the madam couldn’t help but sigh heavily inside. But she still said in a soft manner, “Megan, do you like Laura and Meg?”

Upon hearing her mother’s words, Megan couldn’t help but put on a gloomy expression as she nodded, “Sister Laura and Sister Meg have become my best friends. They also saved my life, but the family is currently going after them. Mom, couldn’t Dad just stop them?”

The madam sighed, “You silly girl, do you think that your father is the Patriarch? There are some matters that your father cannot handle, he must listen to the family.”

Megan didn’t say anything, although she was like her mother who didn’t care much about family matters. Children of the family were still aware of the simple matters within it. She also knew that there were some things that even her father cannot deal with.

The madam looked at Megan and knew that her daughter understood. At this time she softly said to Megan, “There really is something wrong with the family, hai, I don’t know what would happen to Zhao hai. Right, Megan, what do you think of Zhao Hai?”

Megan’s heart couldn’t help but jump when she heard her mother. To be honest, Megan’s impression of Zhao Hai was very good. When she was attacked before, she asked Laura and Meg and found out that without Zhao Hai’s warning, the two wouldn’t be able to protect her. Because of this, Megan felt grateful to Zhao Hai.

But she was a girl, thin-skinned, she couldn’t go to

couldn’t go to Zhao Hai and express her gratitude personally. Also, when Zhao Hai was staying inside Sky Water City, they didn’t have a lot of interactions with each other. In her mind, Zhao Hai was that man who seem to have an ever-present smile on his face, someone who loved Laura and Meg, the kind of love that made people feel envy.

The most important point was that Zhao Hai respected Laura and Meg very much. He just let Laura do their thing and trusted them wholeheartedly. He also seem to have something that made Megan feel attracted to. Therefore, when the madam asked Megan what she thought of Zhao Hai, her heart couldn’t help but beat crazily, making her face flushed.

Smith’s wife was an experienced person, when she saw Megan’s expression, she understood. She sighed and thought that this girl had finally fallen. But the madam still opened her mouth and say, “Mister Zhao Hai just recently dealt with your fifth Uncle. He also snatched 20 ships from the family. I heard that your fifth uncle is still out at sea.”

Megan stared, she gave her mother a look and said, “Mom, what about fifth uncle? Why did he find trouble with mister?”

The madam sighed, “Not only this, your father has received a notice from the family today. It said that the family would be sending a 9th rank expert to deal with mister Zhao Hai. This time, I’m afraid that mister Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to escape.”

Megan’s complexion paled, she looked at her mother and said, “Mom, are you sure? The family would really send a 9th rank expert to kill mister Zhao Hai? How can the family do this? No, I’m going to find father, I’ll make him save mister.”

The madam held Megan’s hand hastily and said, “Megan, wait. Don’t worry, your father and I already discussed this. Sending the 9th rank was still awaiting approval from the Elder’s Assembly. But we also think that rescuing Mister Zhao Hai is very difficult, at the very least your father wouldn’t be able to do it.”

Megan’s face changed color, she looked very anxious as she asked, “Mom, what should I do to stop the family from sending a 9th rank to kill mister?”

The madam looked at Megan’s face and knew what her daughter was thinking. She patted Megan’s head and said, “You father had thought of a way to save Mister Zhao Hai. Megan, you’re not young anymore, I think we should start looking for your husband. Did you already have someone on mind? You can tell me and your mother will help you in this matter.”

As soon as Megan heard her mother, her face immediately reddened, “Mom, we are talking about Mister’s matter. How did we arrive to my own matters?”

The madam smiled, “You’re already not young. At your age, your mother had already kissed your dad. Let’s talk about it? Why are you so embarrassed?”





* * *


  












Chapter 420 – Megan’s Idea

Megan looked at her mother, she wasn’t embarrassed, but she really didn’t have someone who had moved her heart inside Sky Water City, for her this matter was quite awkward.

At this time, a figure slowly appeared on her mind, becoming clearer and clearer. The person wore a gentle smile, had a decent body, wore his robe in a way that she hadn’t seen before, and was speaking in a very relaxed tone. After the image became very clear, she saw one person, Zhao Hai!

When thinking of Zhao Hai, Megan’s face couldn’t help but turn red. However, when she was reminded of Zhao Hai’s present situation, her complexion paled. But Megan was stronger than before, she had once come across a situation where she was helpless. She learned something from the assassination attempt done on her.

Without a doubt, she was concerned about Zhao Hai. So when her mother told her about his current predicament, she became very anxious. At this point, her mind had two matters in it, one was Zhao Hai, and the other was her marriage.[1]

But when Zhao Hai’s figure appeared on her mind, the two immediately connected with each other. Megan seemed to have cleared her mind as the two thoughts united.

When the madam saw that Megan didn’t speak, her expression changed alternately from feeling strange to feeling confused. She looked at Megan and said, “Megan, did something happen? What are you thinking about.

Megan turned her head to look at her mother’s eyes and said, “Mom, what method did father think about to save mister Zhao Hai? Can you tell me?”

The madam looked at Megan and said, “Megan, we really cannot do anything. It’s not something you should worry about. Come tell me what you were just thinking about.”

Megan looked at the madam and said, “Mom, if I marry mister Zhao Hai, can father save him?”

Megan’s question took the words out of the madam’s mouth. Her main purpose for explaining Zhao Hai’s situation today was to gauge Megan’s thoughts about the young man. If Megan had a good impression of him, then the madam would slowly inch their conversations in the next few days towards marrying Zhao Hai. If she





agrees, then the matter would be easily solved.

The madam didn’t think that Megan would actually think of such a thing. Because there are a lot of factors involved, the madam thought Megan’s mind would be on other matters.

Megan saw her mother not speaking, she thought that her idea wasn’t received well. She quickly added, “Mom, if I marry mister Zhao Hai, he would be one of us. If he becomes family, then won’t the family stop sending people to deal with him?”

The madam recovered, she looked at Megan and sighed, “Megan, do you really want to? If you marry Zhao Hai, you would have to share him with Laura and Meg.”

Megan’s face turned red, but she still nodded firmly, “Yes mom, I’m thinking that if marry mister, it won’t just be because I have a favorable impression of him, but also for the sake of the Calci Family.”

The madam looked at Megan in shock, “Megan, why do you say that?”

Megan replied, “Mom, although I don’t know much about the family, I’m quite aware of its recent situation. Mister Zhao Hai has the ability and strength, if he became a member of the family, it would gain a lot from him. I know what our ancestors said about not marrying the family’s women for benefits, however, I have a genuine good impression towards mister. And now that the family is going to send a 9th rank after him, father wouldn’t be able to save him easily. But if I marry mister Zhao Hai, he would become one of our own, that would give father a proper reason to save him, right?”

The madam stared at Megan, she didn’t think that her daughter would say those words. She hugged Megan and said, “My little girl has grown up. Megan, what you said is indeed true. But do you really like Zhao Hai? If not, your father and I won’t support you in marrying him.”

Megan said in a soft voice, “Mother, I have decided.”[2]

The madam still felt as though she had something strange in her heart, she thought that Megan indeed had interest in Zhao Hai, but not to the point where she would want to marry him. And the reason





reason behind Megan’s decision would be in a large part her consideration for the Calci Family. This would leave a bad taste in the madam’s mouth.

Fortunately, Megan has feelings for Zhao Hai, and its stronger that what she expected. The madam replied, “I’ve wronged you, my little Megan. But don’t worry, if Zhao Hai dares to treat you badly, then I’ll let Father tidy him up. Now that you have made your decision, we have a way to save him. I’ll go tell your father to send Zhao Hai a letter so that he can be safe as soon as possible.”

Megan nodded, then the madam stood up and left the room. Megan was left in the room staring, thinking about what she just said. Now that her words had finally caught up, her face immediately turned hot as though it was burning. She didn’t know what she just did, she just uttered those words unconsciously. Now, when she recalls her words, she couldn’t help but blush.

But no matter what, she has already decided. Changing it now would be impossible, and Megan didn’t think of changing it anyway. She just felt strange, she didn’t expect that she would actually get engaged.

At this point, the madam’s mood was very complicated. When she returned to their courtyard, she found Smith and told him about Megan’s situation.

Smith didn’t think that Megan would make her decision this quickly. While he felt relief, he was also angry at Zhao Hai. Smith didn’t know when Zhao Hai had unexpectedly captured her daughter’s heart.

Although Smith looked highly upon Zhao Hai, as a father, he was obligated to get mad at the person who took the heart of his daughter.

At this moment, the madam looked at Smith and said, “Dear, will you write Zhao Hai’s letter now?”

Smith thought for a moment and shook his head, “Not is not the time. We’ll wait until Zhao Hai returns to Jade Water City before sending it. In any case, we have his Blood Hawk with us, he’ll receive the letter at the quickest time possible.”

The madam nodded then sighed, “I hope that nothing goes wrong this time. Otherwise, Zhao Hai will be in danger. I wish that the family wouldn’t





family wouldn’t be quick in sending people to deal with him.”

Smith agreed, “Right, now we can only trust Zhao Hai’s speed.”


When Zhao Hai saw this Blood Hawk, he knew that this should be the one he left behind for Smith. He immediately went outside and took the letter that Smith wrote to him.

After reading the contents of the letter, Zhao Hai’s complexion changed. Naturally, Smith didn’t include his plan of marrying his daughter to Zhao Hai in this letter. He only wrote about how the family disagreed with his plan of reconciling with Zhao Hai and that they were prepared to send 9th rank experts. He also expressed that he has a plan to deal with the matter and that Zhao Hai needs to meet him at Sky Water City.

Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Calci Family to send 9th rank experts to deal with him. Although he didn’t fear the other party’s 9th rank expert, he also didn’t want to develop a mortal enmity with the Calci Family. If he does become enemies with the family, it would be disadvantageous to his future plans. The family might pressure Charlie, and Charlie might not want to offend the Calci Family in favor of him. At that time, Zhao Hai feared that he wouldn’t be able to stay inside Rosen Empire.

When Zhao Hai returned to the room, he gave the letter to Laura. From what Laura saw in Zhao Hai’s complexion, it must have been a serious matter. She immediately read the letter and soon enough, her expression also changed. She handed the letter off to Meg as she turned to Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, what do you think?”

In a serious voice, Zhao Hai replied, “I guess we have no other choice other than to head towards Sky Water City and go see what Smith plans to do. Otherwise, we can only deal with the 9th rank of the family and hope that they will stop bothering us.”

Laura thought that this situation was impossible. If they really kill the 9th rank of the Calci Family, they definitely wouldn’t let them off. 9th ranks are extremely important to any family.

After Meg and the others read the letter, their faces changed as well.

changed as well. They understood that if the Calci Family goes through with sending 9th ranks after them, then that meant that the family has decided to completely destroy their group.

Laura said, “When do we leave?”

Zhao Hai replied, “I’ll go and talk to Trezebo first. Then let’s have the Haven head towards Ape Island while the rest of the ships stay behind to be filled up by Mu’en. I’ll go send a Blood Hawk carrying the Ghost Staff back to Sky Water City. After it arrives, we’ll appear there via the Space. For us, the seas are no longer safe.”

Laura understood what Zhao Hai meant, if the Calci Family sends its 9th rank after them, the seas would certainly be unable to keep them safe. For a 9th rank expert, there was no need to use a ship to travel the sea, flying was enough.”

Laura nodded, “Alright, i’ll go inform Mu’en while you go see Trezebo.”

Zhao Hai nodded and immediately went out to give the Blood Hawk the ghost staff before releasing it. Then he went to look for Trezebo. At the same time, Laura took the carriage and headed towards Mu’en.

Although he might be exposing some of his secrets with his method of going to Sky Water City this time, Zhao Hai didn’t care. If they cannot deal with the matter of the Calci Family, then they would have a powerful enemy, Zhao Hai didn’t want to see that.

Trezebo was currently on his room resting and drinking wine. At this moment, a servant came and reported that Zhao Hai came to ask for an audience. He stared for a moment before immediately inviting Zhao Hai inside.

But when Zhao Hai came in, Trezebo couldn’t help but notice the strange expression on Zhao Hai’s face. Trezebo quickly said, “Mister Zhao Hai, what happened?”

Zhao Hai looked at Trezebo and said, “City Lord, I’m afraid I have to leave Jade Water City immediately. I might be gone for several days, but I promise to return as soon as I have taken care of the situation.”






* * *


  












Chapter 421 – Doesn’t Need a Reason

Trezebo looked at Zhao Hai and said, “For mister to leave immediately, it seems like a really important matter. Can I do something to help?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “We’ll handle this matter ourselves. I just came to say my farewells to the City Lord before we leave.”

Seeing Zhao Hai’s reaction, Trezebo decided that there was nothing he could do. So he just nodded and said, “Alright, then mister must go immediately. If there’s anything I can do, then don’t hesitate and tell me. Even if I’m busy, I’ll try my best to help.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Very well, if the time comes, I won’t be polite. Well then, I’ll go take my leave.”

When Zhao Hai left the City Lord’s Mansion, Shue and Shun were already outside. The three immediately rode the carriage that Trezebo prepared and hurried towards the pier.

After arriving at the pier, they immediately boarded the Haven. This was also just a way to let people see that they left Jade Water City using their ship.

Shortly after they arrived at the Haven, Laura and the others also arrived. They told him that Mu’en was already informed. Zhao Hai left the five ships that they had stolen from the Markey Family behind Jade Water City.

Zhao Hai didn’t know, but after he left Jade Water City, Trezebo immediately asked his people to see what happened that made Zhao Hai very anxious to leave. At the same time, he also wrote a letter to Charlie.

Trezebo knew how much importance Charlie had attached to Zhao Hai. After seeing Zhao Hai so anxious, Trezebo understood that he must have ran into a very thorny matter otherwise he wouldn’t be acting like this. This also made Trezebo very concerned.


At this time, Zhao Hai was sitting inside the cabin while looking at the monitor. He was very annoyed right now, he actually didn’t want to see Smith at this time. However, he didn’t expect the Calci Family to be very imposing. But reason told him that he needed to endure this time and go take





a look at what Smith had planned.

Laura and the others were also closely observing the monitor, in reality, they weren’t actually worried about the 9th rank experts of the Calci Family. They believed that with Zhao Wen and Cai’er, even if the other party came with three or four 9th ranks, they could still find ways to kill them. But the Calci Family cannot afford to send that many experts for just this matter, so naturally they wouldn’t send that much to deal with Zhao Hai.

But although they weren’t worried about their safety, they need to consider the impact this matter would bring. After all, they aren’t a huge power in the continent, they cannot provide anything that could threaten the Calci Family.

The Blood Hawk was quick, after several hours, it finally arrived at Sky Water City. The city didn’t have a curfew, so the streets were still quite active even if it was already evening.

Zhai Hai made the Blood Hawk place the Ghost Staff outside the city, then they immediately went there from the Space to proceed towards the City Lord’s Mansion. But Zhao Hai didn’t ride his eye-catching bull-pulled carriage. Instead, he released some horses from the Space and rode them towards the Mansion’s direction.

At this time, Zhao Hai and the others already changed their clothes to those that ordinary warriors wore. Only Meg was different since she wore a Mage’s robe. When people saw them dressed like this, they could only assume that they were young nobles who went out to play, so they didn’t pay Zhao Hai’s group any more attention.

Zhao Hai and the others arrived at Sky Water City’s Mansion quickly. The mansion looked just like what it did before. Zhao Hai sent the Blood Hawk to deliver his letter to Smith telling him that they would be waiting at the mansion’s side entrance.

Sure enough, not long after the arrived, Phil opened the door to the mansion. Zhao Hai immediately jumped down from his horse and looked at Phil, “Uncle Phil, the matter has become very troublesome, how would Brother Smith deal with it?”

Phil





it?”

Phil looked at Zhao Hai strangely, “The City Lord will tell you, please come inside.” Then he brought Zhao Hai and the others to the mansion’s living room.

Smith was already waiting for Zhao Hai there, at the same time, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would arrive this quickly. When he saw Zhao Hai outside the room, he immediately went and invited him in as Phil served them some tea. Smith looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I didn’t expect you to come this quickly. How did you do it?”

Zhao Hai replied with a serious voice, “Before I answer, let’s talk first. How could the situation arrive here? Does the family really want me dead that they were even prepared to send a 9th rank expert after me?”

Smith smiled bitterly, “I didn’t think that the family would respond like this as well. Unfortunately for them, they informed me.”

Zhao Hai looked at Smith and said, “How are you planning to solve this problem? If you can’t, then we’ll do it my way.”

Smith stared at Zhao Hai, he was puzzled, “Your way? Do you have a method to solve it?”

Zhao Hai’s eyes flashed a cold light, “Killing the 9th rank they send out. Let’s see how many 9th ranks the family is prepared to lose in dealing with me.”

Smith almost stood up, his eyes were set on Zhao Hai. He understood from Zhao Hai’s words that he had the power to kill 9th rank experts.

This made Smith very surprised. 9th rank experts aren’t people who were easy to please. Ordinary Clans wouldn’t even have a 9th rank to take care of them.

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Are you sure? We’re talking about 9th ranks here, not 8th ranks.”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted, “I’m speaking the truth. If the Calci Family were to send one 9th rank after me, he will definitely die. If they send two, they will die as well. To be frank, as long as they don’t send five 9th ranks, everything they send will just be exterminated. I can assure you that I will stay intact, but I





but I cannot say the same for your Calci Family.”

Smith stared, then his complexion turned ugly, “What? Are you threatening me?”

Cold lights passed through Zhao Hai’s eyes, “You all want to take my life and I can’t even say threatening sentences? Are you afraid?”

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and suddenly laughed, “Good, young man, your words are very good, hahaha. Alright, I’ll tell you my method.”

Seeing that Zhao Hai was determined, Smith couldn’t help but calm down, “Looking at your appearance, you don’t really want to be enemies with our Calci Family. Am I right?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I don’t want to. To be honest, I’m not afraid of the people from your family, I’m not actually afraid of your Calci Family. But I don’t want to get in trouble with the Rosen Empire. I have a lot of things in my hand, but they still needed to be turned into money to provide for what I need. Currently, other than the Rosen Empire, the influence of the Radiant Church is very strong in the continent. And since the church is my mortal enemy, doing business on other nations would be very difficult. This is the reason why I don’t want to get driven away from Rosen Empire. If there’s a way to avoid fighting with your Calci Family, then I would prefer that. If I have no means of getting money, then things would be very hard for me.”

Smith nodded and said, “Looks like I guessed right. Then I’ll tell you my method. This wouldn’t only stop us from dealing with you, this will also make the family attach great importance to you and help you succeed.”

Zhao Hai stared, he was confused, he looked at Smith and said, “What is it?”

Smith smiled faintly and said, “You getting engaged to Megan.”

Zhao Hai froze, he looked at Smith with shock and said, “Are you cracking a joke? Megan? Are you crazy?”

Smith shook his head, “I’m not. If you marry Megan, you’ll become someone on our side, and the family would support you. What do you think?”

Zhao Hai shook his head, “This wouldn’t be


At this time, Megan’s voice was head, “Brother Zhao Hai, I already knew of this matter, and I agree. I like you as a person, I don’t want to see you in trouble. Most importantly, I don’t want to see you and my Calci Family in trouble with each other.”

When Zhao Hai followed the voice, he saw Megan. She was standing in front of the living room and calmly looked at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Megan ang gave a smile, “Megan, why are you doing this? We have no feelings with each other. You don’t know much about me, this will be unfair to you.”

Megan shook her head and said, “There’s no reason to like someone. There is also no such thing as unfair. I just came to like you, and I don’t know when it started. I know that we haven’t been interacting for long, and you don’t think much about me, but I still like you.”[1]

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he really didn’t know what to say. It was just like what Megan said, their meetings weren’t that long. Even if they were together, Zhao Hai didn’t seriously talk with Megan. He really didn’t know how such an ordinary, boring man like him managed to attract Megan.

At this time, Laura smiled, she went towards Megan’s side and said, “Megan, fantastic! We can be sisters forever, right Meg?”

Meg also smiled, “Yup, we’re going to be sisters later.”

Zhao Hai looked at the two insane women, he was speechless. He didn’t know why even though they’re going to divide their husband, they were still happy.

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and snorted, “Boy, you got it easy, I didn’t know you had such game. To actually dare snatch my daughter from me. But you should tell me about your identity. Who are you?”

Zhao Hai looked at Smith. A soon as he heard how he was called, he couldn’t help but smile. It seems like he has to reveal his identity.






* * *


  












Chapter 422 – Identity

At this time, Laura and Meg were at the side chatting with Megan. On the other side, the madam had been lead to the living room by Phil and then she sat in front of Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai can only force a smile and said, “Actually, my background isn’t really that mysterious, but there were only a few who knew about it. My surname is Buda, I changed my name to Zhao Hai later.”

Upon hearing that Zhao Hai was surnamed Buda, Smith stared blankly. His complexion changed as his voice was raised, “Are you really surnamed Buda? That Buda Clan’s successor who was bestowed the Black Wasteland by the Aksu Empire, Adam Buda?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Right, I am Adam Buda. But I have changed my name to Zhao Hai, the Adam from before is now dead.”

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Didn’t you drink the Water of Nothingness? Why can you use Magic? Right, according to Bell, you’re not using magic, but a divergent ability. So you really can’t use Magic?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No, I can use Magic. The toxin from the Water of Nothingness has already been solved. I’m now a Magic and Battle Qi Dual-Cultivator. My Battle QI is at 8th rank, and my Magic is at 8th rank as well.”

Smith was very surprised, he stared at Zhao Hai, “Water of Nothingness can be cured? Is that really possible? You’re not deceiving me right?”

Zhao Hai shook his head, “I’m not deceiving you. My toxin from the Water of Nothingness has indeed been cured. But there is only one cure and it took me a long time before completing it. Otherwise, why did you think that Laura and Meg were still my fiance’s and not my wives?”

Zhao Hai understood why Smith was too worked up, this was because the Water of Nothingness was a hereditary poison. If Zhao Hai’s toxin was not solved, then Smith might not let Megan marry him. After all, if they have children, they wouldn’t be able to cultivate either Magic or Battle Qi.

Because he read Smith’s mind, Zhao Hai immediately told Smith that his toxin has already been solved.

When Smith heard Zhao Hai he couldn’t help but turn to look at Laura. Laura smiled at Smith and faintly smiled, “It’s true, Brother Hai’s poison has indeed been solved. If you didn’t call us today, we might have had our wedding two days later.”

Smith relaxed and said, “Good, it’s solved, good! No wonder nobody can find out about your origin. You’re actually a member of the Buda Clan. Hahaha. Nobody in the continent would think that the





Water of Nothingness actually had an antidote.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “This isn’t strange, there’s no poison that didn’t have a cure. So what about the engagement that you proposed? Will you reconsider it?”

Smith blinked. “What? You don’t want to? Are you saying my Megan isn’t worthy for you? If you dare to decline, I will really have the family chase you with 9th ranks.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile, “Alright, I’ll talk to my elders at home later and discuss when we’ll get engaged.”

Smith coldly snorted, “No need to discuss it. It will be tomorrow, the sooner the better. Otherwise, it will be troublesome if the family sends its 8th ranks.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown, “Did the family really plan to send 9th ranks my way? Isn’t this too strange? Is there something I have done to offend the whole Calci Family?”

Smith sighed then he told Zhao Hai about the guesses that him and Phil had made. After Zhao Hai listened to it, his shocked face turned to Smith, “Because of that? Killing me because of my leadership ability? If they continue doing this, then the Dark Mage profession would surely die out. What kind of idiot decides to kill talented people? How did it came to this?”

Smith smiled bitterly, “I don’t know, but this has always been the family’s style. Even I cannot prevent them from doing this.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “I initially felt it strange that the Radiant Church didn’t offend any other Mage profession other than the Dark Mages. So this was the reason, the Calci Family was actually destroying the profession’s future.”

Smith smiled bitterly, he didn’t have any good thing to say. He just sighed and said, “Let’s let that go for now. You should head back and rest, tomorrow we’ll release information about your engagement with Megan. Not only to the family, but also to the entire continent.”

Zhao Hai wrinkled his brow “How about Charlie? If information about my engagement with Megan gets passed on, how will it affect the Calci Family? Did you already think this through? Didn’t Great Nobles abstain from participating in battles for the throne? Will this bring misunderstanding to the Calci Family?”

Smith smiled, “It’s complicated, but it shouldn’t have effects. Prince Charlie might even be happy, as for other people? Their opinions don’t matter. What’s important right now is your safety.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod. Smith looked at him and said, “It’s already late, go get some rest. We still have a lot to do tomorrow.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he lead Laura and the others back to Sweet Plum Courtyard. The moment they entered the courtyard, they





they immediately went to the Space and headed to Iron Mountain Fort to report everything to Green.

When Green heard Zhao Hai’s report, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Fantastic! Hahaha. Young Master, this is very good news. If we have the support of the Calci Family, we would have less problems when restoring our Clan’s prestige. I didn’t think that the young master would actually be so fierce.”

Kun looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Boy, why are you so lucky? First, Laura likes you, now it’s Megan. One day you will make all the women in this world crazy. What would the other young men say then?”

Zhao Hai can only smile bitterly while listening to their teasing. Even he didn’t expect it to be like this, he didn’t have anything so say.

Merien didn’t care so much. When she heard Zhao Hai had acquired another fiance, she couldn’t help but happily said, “Good. Young Master, we should find some time for your wedding as soon as possible. It’s important for the Buda Family to have a proper branch.”

Green agreed, “Before, we didn’t get to arrange your wedding with Laura and Meg because of your toxin. But now that you’ve been cured, we should immediately arrange for your wedding.”

Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “I also thought that, and I told Laura and Meg about it today. In the past, I really wanted to marry them, but that would be unfair for them. I think that since the Buda Clan still hasn’t re-emerged on the continent, it would be an injustice to them if we marry secretly. And now, with the addition of Megan, the situation became even more complex. Who is Megan? She’s Calci Family’s little princess. Even if she becomes engaged, it was impossible for her to immediately marry. So if I arrange my marriage with Laura and Meg, the Calci Family would certainly not agree. In the end, it seems like we need to delay the marriage.”

Green sighed, “Looks like we can only do this. Also, for a Great Noble such as the Calci Family, they should have their own special customs. I heard that there are some other ceremonies to do if a female from their family gets married. It seems like we can only delay the wedding.”

Kun nodded, “Actually it doesn’t matter if they wed later. Now that Little Hai’s body has been solved, his body is much better than before. Not like in the past where we fear that he will only live a short life. Now we only need to avoid being enemies with the Calci Family, otherwise trouble will keep chasing us in the future.”

Green





the future.”

Green agreed, “That is true. Right, Little Hai, you said that you want to be engaged tomorrow? Do you want me to come?”

Zhao Hai shook his head, “No, Smith wanted to engage us by himself. Let’s just wait and see what the Calci Family will do.”

Green nodded, “That’s also good. It seems like Smith wanted this engagement to be simple. Just for the sake of announcing it immediately. Alright, it’s still an unusual time to get married anyway. Let’s just wait and prepare a better wedding.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “My engagement with Laura and Meg was simple as well, so we might as well do the same with Megan, so that it’s not unfair on the two. I’ll tell this to Smith tomorrow.”

Green nods, “Right, Little Hai. Yesterday, the final beer product finally came out. It’s just as you said, it’s good, its taste is very nice.”

Zhao Hai’s eyes lit up, “They’re done? That’s great! How were they? Are there several types?”

Green smiled, “It has, one came out golden, another one is grey, and the last one is black. And the grain wine that you talked about? It’s really good.”

Zhao Hai’s grain wine wasn’t the same as the others, it was in fact rice wine. It’s method of brewing was relatively simple. However, it had its advantages. It’s degree was no high, it tastes mellow. And rice wine can be drank by many people, men, women, and children.

Merine immediately brought the liquors over. Zhao Hai tasted them, the beer were vastly better than what he tasted before. The taste of rice wine was also good. After all, the rice was from the Space, it would be strange if it wasn’t good.

Zhao Hai placed his glass down and turned to Green, “This is very good. Grandpa Green, I want to mass produce these types of liquor. What do you think?”

Green nodded, “We should. Young Master, you should leave some undead here and pull out all of the stones you mined. I’m directing those undead to build a liquor factory. You should know that the space inside the Castle isn’t enough. If we don’t build a new building, there will be no place for further expansion.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, I’ll leave behind 10 thousand undeads as well as the mined stones. Right, I have the Shi Lie Jie twins, they’re Earth Mages and can make stone golems. Constructing houses shouldn’t be problem.”

Green gave anod, “That’s good. Young Master, you should go rest.” Zhao Hai agreed and returned to the Space to rest.

The next morning, Zhao Hai and the others were summoned by Smith to the courtyard to have some some breakfast. After eating their meal,

eating their meal, Smith had Phil announce Zhao Hai’s engagement with Megan back to the headquarters. This was deliberately done by Smith to pressure the family into not destroying the engagement by stopping its acts against Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai also told Smith that he wanted the engagement to be simple. Smith didn’t oppose, it was a special case this time, those extra things could be exempted.

However, even if he said this, Smith still had Zhao Hai and Megan go out together and play. This was to increase their familiarity with each other. Megan was very embarrassed, he face was entirely red as she and Zhao Hai left the City Lord’s Mansion.

But at this time, news of Megan’s engagement with Zhao Hai had already spread all over the entire Sky Water City. This threw an unexpected bomb into the usual state of the city.

One must know that in Sky Water City, there were a ton of people who wanted to marry Megan. But they hadn’t imagined that Megan would actually get engaged suddenly. There was even no ceremony for the engagement, nor was there a banquet. In deep silence, Megan would no longer belong to them.

Soon enough, the people of Sky Water City became crazy. When Zhao Hai went out to play, there were more than 20 Noble men to approached as though Megan needed to be rescued. When Megan told him that the engagement was true, they all turned away with their hearts broken.

Looking at this scene, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly. One must say that Megan was very popular inside Sky Water City. It seems like this has also become a quite troublesome matter.

Even more troublesome was the fact that Zhao Hai didn’t know what the Calci Family felt about his engagement with Megan. Smith engaging his daughter to him this time was a clear indication that SKy Water City’s Lord was adamant in protecting him as well as the future of the Calci Family. In front of the supposed action against ZHao Hai, Smith decided to slap the face of the family. Now, wouldn’t the elders in the family have ugly expressions?

At the thought of this, Zhao Hai turned his head to look at Megan who was chatting with Laura and Meg. Seeing Megan’s flower-like smile, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but say in his mind, “No matter what the Calci Family decides on, I will marry Megan.”

Megan felt Zhao Hai’s gaze on her, she looked up and met Zhao Hai’s eyes before lowering her head again as she blushed. Her brave appearance yesterday seemed like a dream, but Zhao Hai had to admit, this Megan was quite cute.





* * *


  












Chapter 423 – The Family Patriarch Arrives

Just as Zhao Hai thought about this, the Calci Family received the information regarding Zhao Hai and Megan’s engagement. Their initial response was surprise and was immediately followed by anger!

The Calci Family are experienced in regards to their member, so naturally they understood what Smith wanted to do. Smith wanted to guarantee Zhao Hai’s life.

Initially they wanted to disregard the engagement and continue on with their plans. However, upon further consideration they didn’t want to have a falling out with Smith. Although Smith was a member of the family, he was strongly independent. If they really made Smith distance himself from the family, they would definitely lose a huge chunk of their income.

Moreover, the family understood that with Zhao Hai’s engagement with Megan, he was now on the same side as them. This was equivalent to gaining more strength, for the family, this was great.

Although the ancestors had ordered that the women of the family cannot be married for benefits, for families like the Calci Family, that kind of situation rarely happens. No matter what kind of marriage they do, it will always be linked with politics. In the end, the marriage would inadvertently bring forth benefits.

Megan was in good graces with the family, she was their precious little princess. Naturally, the people from the family wouldn’t want to marry her off as a tool. But at the same time, the family had concerns about who Megan was going to marry. In any case, they have to find a common ground.

From their point of view, Zhao Hai’s identity was not worth marrying Megan. But if the family didn’t acknowledge their engagement, the people will lose faith and then and at the same time they would become a laughingstock among the nobles. Similarly, Megan’s reputation would also be ruined.

But they really couldn’t just swallow this outcome. In the end, the Patriarch of the family, Smith’s father, Randolph Calci couldn’t sit still anymore. So he decided to head towards Sky Water City and personally meet this Zhao Hai.

Although Randolph was the Patriarch, he was also a person, and he loved Megan. So he wanted to go to Sky Water City to see what kind of person Zhao Hai was and see how he will handle the situation.

Ever since he heard Zhao Hai’s name until now, he hasn’t seen Zhao Hai’s face. He only decided on his impression of the young man based on the reports of his subordinates, as well as Bell, Smith, and Juwan.

However these people had differing impressions of Zhao Hai. According to Bell, Zhao Hai was a very good Divergent Mage, moreover he also had a lot of businesses that could make money.

Smith’s assessment of him was high as well. According to Smith, he was a very smart person, moreover, his leadership ability is very strong. Most importantly, his strength is immeasurable deep.

Juwan, on the





other hand, naturally didn’t put in good word in behalf of Zhao Hai. According to Juwan, Zhao Hai was a very arrogant and domineering person, a villain who was ignorant regarding the proper action to take.

After combining all of these descriptions, Randolph thought of Zhao Hai as an ambitious and arrogant man. This was why he decided to deal with him.

But now that Smith had shown his hand, Randolph was placed on an embarrassing situation. He had to stop the family from sending 9th ranks to deal with Zhao Hai since he needs to meet that man himself when he arrives at Sky Water City.

At this time, Charlie also received the information. Upon receiving it, he was glad. Then he felt that something was wrong. He knew that Zhao Hai was in conflict with Juwan from the Calci Family not too long ago. So how did he arrive to the situation of marrying the princess of the family?

Charlie was very familiar regarding the Calci Family. He was someone who was fighting for the throne, so of course he was informed about the old nobles of the empire.

And for Megan, he also knew about her, it was impossible not to, she was the family’s precious Sugar Plum Princess. This was why when Lionheart made a move against Megan in the past, Charlie knew that he wouldn’t live long, the Calci Family wouldn’t allow him to.

Then suddenly, Zhao Hai unexpectedly got engaged to Megan. This made Charlie feel awe. He wanted to know what was going on, so he sent a letter to Trezebo in order to check it out.

Trezebo was also very confused. Just a day after Zhao Hai was very anxious to leave Jade Water City, he suddenly got engaged to Megan. This made Trezebo extremely surprised, judging from Zhao Hai’s expression when he left, it didn’t seem like he was going to be engaged.

The fifth day after Zhao Hai arrived at SKy Water City, Lando arrived. He came in secret this time, he didn’t want to be overly known.

Just as he disembarked from the ship, he saw Smith and Phil already there waiting for him at the pier. When he gazed at the people who received him, he didn’t see Megan’s figure, nor did he see Zhao Hai. His face became sullen as he looked at Smith, “Where is Megan?”

Smith quickly replied, “She went to sea three days ago. Little Hai had something to do, and Megan wanted to follow, so she went.”

Randolph snorted, he looked at Smith and Phil and said, “Let’s go to the mansion and talk.” Then they rode the carriage and headed to the City Lord’s Mansion.

Upon arriving at the mansion, they entered the living room. Smith asked Randolph to sit down before he waved his hand to order everyone other than Phil to leave the room.

Smith and Phil had long prepared for this day, so they calmly





calmly stood there and waited for Randolph to unleash his anger.

When Lando saw that the two were acting like dead pigs who weren’t afraid of boiling water, his anger couldn’t help but flare up even more. But he suppressed his rage then looked at Smith and Phil, “Talk, how did this happen? Why did Megan get engaged to Zhao Hai? Why didn’t they wait for me to arrive? They actually dared to not see me?”

Smith calmly replied, “Because Megan likes Zhao Hai. Therefore, I just allowed her and Zhao Hai to be engaged. As for why they went to sea, it was because God’s Grace Day is fast approaching, and Zhao Hai had already made an appointment with Charlie to give him a set of shipments before then. That’s why then needed to leave early.”

Randolph look at Smith and snorted, “What? Since you’re now old and quite established, you can now ignore my words? You knew that I already gave the command to deal Zhao Hai, but you actually engaged him to Megan. What are you thinking? Are you still Calci Family? Why did you decide to trip us over?”

Smith looked at Randolph and calmly said, “Naturally, I’m still a person of the family. I did this for the family. Megan was my very loved daughter, do you think that the daughter that I very much love would just get married, without even a ceremony to Zhao Hai, just for nothing? It was you who forced me.” At the end of his dialogue, Smith was almost roaring.

Randolph looked at Smith and said coldly, “Good, you even dare shout at me. You say that you’re doing it for the family? How could it be good for the family?”

Smith looked at Randolph coldly as well, “Of course it’s good for the family. You shouldn’t treat Zhao Hai like that, if you do, the other members of the League of Dark Mages wouldn’t think well of us. Do you really want to disband the league? You want to make the Dark Mages scattered, only to be cleaned up by the Radiant Church?”

Randolph retorted, “What do you know, I’m doing this to fight against the Radiant Church. As long as we unite all of the Dark Mages under our family, then we will have the strength to fight the Church.”

Smith seemed to not listen, he then gave his reply, “is it? In the past when the Radiant Church didn’t suppress us, didn’t we also try that? What happened? Did those Dark Mages listen to us? In the end, what we did was make it harder for people to learn the profession, causing our numbers to get fewer and fewer. And when the Radiant Church finally wanted to deal with us, the Dark Mage profession almost got exterminated. Is this what you call unity?”

Randolph’s face was currently very ugly, He knew about the past matter. But he thought that





thought that time time would be different. With the plan provided by Zhao Hai, he felt like the Dark Mage was on its was to the top. At that time, the Calci Family would happily assume its leadership. It would make the family’s strength almost as great as the Radiant Church.

However, when he thinks about these, Randolph couldn’t help but be embarrassed. The method was given by Zhao Hai, and now they were actually planning on dealing with him.

Smith looked at Randolph and said, “Are you thinking that with Zhao Hai’s idea, the Dark Mage profession would grow explosively? So in that case, even if you kill some Dark Mages here and there, then it’s no big deal? Is that what you think? How long do you think training in becoming a Dark Mage would take? 20? 30? 40 years? Do you know what will happen in 20 years? Yes, with Zhao Hai’s idea, Dark Mages would certainly increase exponentially, but it was under the premise that all of the schools in Rosen Empire were producing Dark Mages. If you really succeed in placing all Dark Mages under the influence of our Calci family then our family’s power would truly increase. But at that time, what would differentiate us from the Radiant Church? Why was the Radiant Church being suppressed? Why did it vanish from Rosen Empire? Do you want to turn the family into the second Radiant Church? Even if the church were to be suppressed by the Rosen Empire, it still had its influence outside the empire. But what about us? What would happen if we do get suppressed by the alliance of all the Nobles of the empire? Do we leave? Don’t forget, other than the Rosen Empire, the world outside belongs to the Radiant Church!”

Smith’s words made Randolph perspire. His plan was just like what Smith said, essentially turning the family into a second Radiant Church. But he actually forgot that the Calci Family was still a only a Great Noble of the empire. There were also Great Nobles like them, as well as the Imperial Clan above. If they really become another Radiant Church, then they would be threatening the rule of the Imperial Clan. What would happen then? Will the other Nobles just let them off? If those Great Nobles got together and suppressed the family, what can they do?

Beside the Rosen Empire, the Radiant Church’s influence outside was overwhelming. If they leave Rosen Empire, then the Radiant Church would surely run them over.

Before, Randolph admits that he had been stunned by their victory. After all, he was the Patriarch of a Great Family, he experienced the ups and downs of the family. Now that he heard Smith’s thoughts, he sobered up and measured the pros and cons. In the end he has to acknowledge what Smith said.

At the same time, as a Patriarch, Randolph knew that the Imperial

that the Imperial Clan wouldn’t allow the presence of a power that could threaten their rule. The same was true with the other Great Nobles. If he really did what he planned, then they both the Imperial Clan and the Great Nobles would join together in suppressing the family.

Smith looked at his father and knew that he was thinking things out. So Smith just stood there quietly, he believed that his father would figure it out. If he couldn’t, then he didn’t deserve being the Calci Family’s Patriarch.

After quite some time, Randolph let out a long breath and said, “Even if you are correct, you don’t have to marry Megan off to Zhao Hai. In the end, what does he really have?”

Upon hearing that Randolph had somehow softened, Smith felt relief. He knew that Randolph was convinced. He immediately gave his answer, “Father, I did it for the family. If we really did send a 9th rank to deal with Zhao Hai, then I fear that we would have problems. I’m afraid that the 9th rank may not be able to return.”

Randolph stared before his complexion changed, he looked at Smith and said, “Do you know what you’re talking about? That is a 9th rank expert, do you really think that Zhao Hai is that strong?”

Smith forced a smile and said, “I don’t know if he really is strong. But Zhao Hai told me that as long as you don’t send five 9th rank experts, then those 9th ranks wouldn’t be able to return. And even if we send five 9th ranks, he was confident that he could escape.”

Randolph snorted, “You actually got terrified just by listening to him? Did you really believe what he said?”

Smith smiled stiffly and said, “I believe him, father. Did you know how long he took to travel from Jade Water City to Sky Water City? Only a few hours, he flew that fast. Even common falcons aren’t that fast. Can most 9th ranks fly that fast? Because of this, I believed his words.”

Randolph’s shocked face looked at Smith and said, “Are you sure? Is he really that quick?”

Smith smiled, “If you don’t believe me, you can ask Uncle Phil.”

Phil nodded and said, “Patriarch, it’s true, Zhao Hai is indeed very quick. We have arranged a person inside Jade Water City to specifically watch out for Zhao Hai, as long as Zhao Hai appears in Jade Water City, that person would immediately send us a letter. Six days ago, in the morning Zhao Hai arrived at Jade Water City. After his arrival, the person immediately sent a Wind Falcon to us. After we received his word, we then quickly had a Blood Hawk deliver a letter to Zhao Hai, telling him to rush towards Sky Water City as soon as possible. When the Blood Hawk bearing his reply arrived at Sky Water City, Zhao Hai also arrived.”





* * *


  












Chapter 424 – The Sea

When Randolph heard what Phil said, he couldn’t help but frown. It would take a Wind Falcon several hours to fly from Jade Water CIty to Sky Water City. But after Zhao Hai received the letter, he unexpectedly arrived along with the Blood Hawk, this made him extremely surprised.

He had also seen the Blood Hawk that Zhao Hai gave Smith. It was very handsome, whether it be fighting strength or speed, it was much better than a Wind Falcon. However, Zhao Hai actually reached Sky Water City at the same time as the Hawk, a feat like this is extraordinary.

Smith looked at Randolph’s appearance and said, “Father, I heard some whispers coming from the Shelley Family. It said that Zhao Hai is a Space Mage, but I don’t know if it’s true or not.”

Randolph couldn’t sit still, he immediately stood up and said, “Space Mage?! Are you sure?”

Smith nodded, “The Shelley Family had issued a gag order regarding this. No matter how hard I try to inquire, I couldn’t get certain proof.”

Randolph circled the ground twice, “If he is really a Space Mage, then he is certainly worth of Megan, but what is his identity? I never did find out about it, how can you be assured in leaving Megan to such a person?”

Smith forced a smile and said, “Father, I already know his identity. Although I just knew out about it, I should not be wrong.”

Randolph said, “You found out? How is that possible? Almost all Great Clans in the continent were determined to find out, but came back with nothing. How did you manage to find out?”

Smith smiled and said, “I didn’t actually find it, Zhao Hai himself told us. Before he got engaged to Megan, I asked him for his background. And he agreed to tell us.”

Randolph looked at Smith and frowned, “So what is it? Is his identity special? Did he belong to a hidden family or a Great Power?”

Smith shook his head, “None of those. From the beginning, we had been looking at the wrong direction. He didn’t belong to a hidden family nor





a great power. His surname is Buda, formerly known as Adam Buda and now he changed his name to Zhao Hai Buda.”

Randolph stared, then his eyes widened, “Buda? Are you talking about the lord of the Black Wasteland? That Buda Clan?”

Smith nodded, “Right, Black Wasteland’s lord, the Buda Clan. This was the reason why he first appeared at Black Earth Fortress. This was why his first actions happened in Purcell Duchy.”

Randolph nodded, and then his complexion changed, “You bastard, if he really is from the Buda Clan, then didn’t he drink the Water of Nothingness? How can you let him marry Megan? Are you insane???”

Smith looked at Randolph and sighed, when looking at his father’s appearance, it seems like he was looking at himself. At the time, when he found out about Zhao Hai’s identity, his reaction was the exact same as Randolph. However, he still needed to answer his father’s question, so he smiled and said, “If Zhao Hai still had the toxin from the Water of Nothingness, then how could I possibly give him Megan? The poison on his body has already been solved.”

Randolph replied, “Solved? Really?”

Smith nodded, “Indeed, I made him demonstrate Magic as well as Battle Qi. Right now, his Magic has reached 8th rank, his Battle Qi as well, 8th rank. But since he didn’t practice his Martial Arts that well before, he can only combat a 7th rank in regular battle. However, he’s actually a Mage of every element, and he’s skilled in them as well. He can also do Compound Magic. According to my calculations, his current fighting strength would make him invincible to those below 9th rank.”

Randolph stared at Smith, “Are you serious? Is he really a Multi-element mage in all elements? Dual cultivating Magic and Battle Qi? What kind of fortuitous encounter did he experience?”

Smith smiled stiffly and said, “I also want to know, but he didn’t agree to tell me. Perhaps he will tell Megan later, he couldn’t just tell anyone he couldn’t fully trust.”

Randolph knit his brows, “He’s very careful, but this is good as well. Your decision this time is truly correct,





correct, I didn’t expect this kid to be this strong. If we really did continue to cause him trouble, then we would certainly suffer a huge loss. But for this youngster to steal my granddaughter away from me, I definitely won’t forgive him.”

Smith smiled, “Father, you should know that because of our earlier actions, Zhao Hai had been pushed towards Prince Charlie. Will this affect our family?”

Randolph thought for a moment and then shook his head, “I don’t think so, Zhao Hai is still engaged to Megan, not married. And even if they are married, he is still primarily a member of the Buda Clan, not the Calci Family, so it shouldn’t affect us. Just pay attention to not get too close with Charlie.”

Smith nodded and looked at the weather as he said, “Father, it’s already quite late. Let’s go eat something. Right, Zhao Hai told me that he would return in a while. I think you’re better off staying in Sky Water City for a while if you want to see Zhao Hai.”

Randolph thought for a moment and nodded, “Alright, I haven’t seen Megan in quite a while. Then I’ll stay here for some time.”

Smith nodded, then he lead Randolph towards the dining hall along with Phil. But they didn’t think that at this time, Zhao Hai was heading towards the Rock Shrimp Tribe.

After getting along for a few days, Zhao Hai and Megan were now comfortable with each other. Although it still didn’t reach the level he had with Meg and Laura, it was still very good.

However, Zhao Hai was still indecisive about telling Megan about the Space. Megan’s situation was different than Laura and Meg. Laura had a falling out with her family and cannot return. Also, Meg had always been with him, so her loyalty was not an issue. Therefore, Zhao Hai can rest assured in telling them about the Space.

But Megan was different, standing behind her was a Great Noble Family. A family that ranked as one of the powerful families in the continent. Moreover, Megan still had a good relationship with her people. She was extremely favored by the





by the family, so she still had deep sentiments towards it. If Zhao Hai tells Megan about the Space, then he was afraid that Megan would tell Smith if ever he asks. Then Zhao Hai’s biggest secret would be exposed to the outside world, and Zhao Hai didn’t want this to happen.

Megan didn’t feel anything, she was just sitting on the deck of the Haven. The ships stolen from the Markey family were right next to it.

Ever since she was young, this was the first time that she had gone out this far to sea. When Megan was still at the family, she mostly got along the river and rarely the sea. Additionally, the family didn’t include her in their businesses, so she was mostly just riding the boat near the coastlines. It was the first time that she got to travel such a long distance.

Two days after they left, Megan was still very excited. But on the third day, she became quite bored. In addition to the sea and the people on the boat, there was hardly anything to see.

Zhao Hai and the others were already used to Megan being on the ship, so they didn’t enter the Space during the day. They needed to wait until the evening before entering the Space. In the morning, they could only play around on the ship.

In reality, the ship was very big, so there were alot of things to play around with. But because Zhao Hai and the others were used to the ship, they just chatted peaceful while drinking some tea and eating, unknowingly making the days past by.

It was already the third day after they left Sky Water City. Megan was currently feeling boredom, she just stood on the deck, watching the sea silently with a frown on her face.

At this time, Laura saw Megan’s frown, she immediately walked over and asked, “Megan, why do you look so unhappy? Did you miss home?”

Megan turned to look at Laura and said “I don’t really miss home, it’s just that I’m feeling quite bored of the sea. We can only stay inside the ship, it’s too boring.”

Laura

it’s too boring.”

Laura gave a smile and said, “We really have no other choice, this is how it is at sea. We still have seven days left of travel before we arrive at our destination.”

Megan rolled her eyes and said, “I’m afraid I won’t stay sane at that point. It’s terrible, I don’t think I would be able to endure the boredom.”

Laura smiled and said, “If you really can’t stand it anymore, just make something fun for yourself. There are books on the ship, we can also chat, you can learn how to cook. If that’s not enough we can fish. If you always think about boredom, then you will be really bored.”

Megan smiled and said, “Alright, then you should teach me well, I want to learn how to cook.”

Laura smiled and said, “We can’t right now, meal time isn’t here yet. Actually, it isn’t that boring sometimes. There were moments that we will come upon some pirates and might meet an attack. Those times were the most exciting. Ballistas firing arrows, Magic Cannons roaring, those really stimulate your senses.”

Megan smiled stiffly and said, “I really couldn’t understand how that could be interesting. I’d rather be bored that be attacked.”

Laura smiled, “Rest assured, I’m just talking about it. It isn’t necessary that something will happen. Especially since we have a five-masted armored shp, there weren’t a lot of pirates that would attack us. Pirates would generally attack three-masted ships.”

At this time, Zhao Hai walked over, he looked at the two and said,” What’s wrong? What are the two of you talking about?”

Zhao Hai also understood that Megan was probably unhappy. Actually, he wasn’t prepared to take Megan to the sea this time. But he didn’t have the means to decline her joining them. So he could only bring Megan along. He didn’t expect that Megan wouldn’t be able to adapt to life at sea, it has only been three days.

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, aren’t you bored? There’s nothing at sea, only a few occasional seabirds passing by, or maybe a ship. Moreover, you have an undead crew, isn’t that more tiring?”





* * *


  












Chapter 425 – Decision

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “A little bored, but there are advantages in having an undead crew as well. They will not betray you, they don’t need any salary, and moreover, they won’t bother us, isn’t that great?”

Megan pouted her mouth and said, “Is it really? Why couldn’t I see it? Elder Brother Hai, how about you tell me about your life. What happened to the Buda Clan after being being bestowed the Black Wasteland?”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, a lot happened after the Buda Clan got sent to the Black Wasteland. But most of those matter were related to the Space. If he tells Megan about those experiences then he could only expose the Space. And Zhao Hai didn’t want to deceive Megan, so he didn’t know how to proceed from here.

When Laura saw Zhao Hai fall into an embarrassing situation, she inserted, “We can talk about those later. Megan, let’s go cook. We’ll have to let Brother Hai taste the meal that we create today. By the way, we need to call Meg, otherwise Brother Hai would be poisoned by us.”

Megan’s interest was piqued when she heard Laura. So she smiled and followed along. Then the four women ran towards the kitchen. When Zhao Hai saw the backs of the four he talked to Blockhead who was at his side, “Blockhead, what do you think? Should I tell Megan about the Space?”

Blockhead smiled and said, “That depends on the Young Master. But if you think about it, even if the Space were to be exposed, there were only a few powers in the continent that could still be a threat to us. With the numerous undead inside the Space, we have numerical advantage against anyone. If we really can’t endure, we can just escape to the Beastman Prairie.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, and said, “Your ambition isn’t small, but what you said is right. Right now, we don’t need to be afraid of anyone. And I also feel like I’ve been deceiving Megan, I feel sorry for her. Anyway, if I didn’t trust her, then I shouldn’t have gone and got engaged to her.”

Blockhead smiled and said, “I





don’t really understand much about these things. Young Master can do it himself.”

Zhao Hai looked at Blockhead and smiled, “While we’re here, you and Rockhead are already quite old enough to get married. I’ll go discuss this with Grandpa Green. The both of you can’t just be single your whole life, you need a woman to look after you.”

When Blockhead heard Zhao Hai, his face couldn’t help but turn red as he said, “Young Master, you really do like to make jokes. I’m already quite happy serving the Young Master along with Stonehead.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Serving me and getting married are two different matters. You can get married and still serve me. It seems like I really do have to tell this to Grandpa Green.”

After the group had their lunch, they went on to have an afternoon nap. In the afternoon, Zhao Hai practiced his Battle QI and Fighting techniques on the ship. At the side, Meg was teaching Megan how to fight using Magic.

Although Megan was a 5th rank Water Mage, while also having good magical skills, her practical experience wasn’t good, so Meg went forward to guide her.

But Zhao Hai understands that this type of guidance can only take Megan so far. What she needed was actual combat experience. When comparing practice with actual combat, the atmosphere between the two was completely different. There were quite a lot of people who were very gifted in training but were complete dunces in the battlefield. They would get killed because they couldn’t adapt to the environment of the battlefield. They would become scared of the enemy’s charges, making their overall combat capability drop to about twenty percent. And this was fatal for a warrior.

In the evening when Megan had gone to sleep, Zhao Hai and the others went to the Space. Green and Kun were already waiting for them inside. After Zhao Hai practiced his martial arts, the group entered the living room to sit down. Then Zhao Hai turned to Green and said “Grandpa Green, I want to tell Megan about the Space.”

Green stared for a moment before he knit his brows, “Why did you suddenly mention this? In the past few





few days, you were sure that you wouldn’t tell her your secret, in fear that Smith and the Calci Family were to find out.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “It’s true, if I tell Megan about the Space then the Calci Family might know. But if I don’t tell her, then I would feel that I may have been unfair. If I wouldn’t trust Megan, then I might as well have not agreed to the engagement. Upon thinking about it, I really do think that it is unfair to Megan.”

Green nodded, but didn’t say anything. At this point, Kun frowned and said, “Is it okay? If we do this, then we need to think about what will happen if the continent were to know. Including the Calci Family, there were also a lot of great powers in the continent who could take interest. You must know that there are endless greed in this world.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I also know that. But currently, we don’t need to fear the Calci Family’s strength. If we really cannot endure, we can just end them.”

When Green heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but knit his brows as he said, “In that case, we may become the enemy of the entire continent, then we won’t have any place inside it.”

Zhao Hai sighed, “I also know, but the continent places importance to strength. We are currently very strong, but now very known, making these small troubles arrive to us. But if we show off our strength, then wouldn’t they naturally disappear?”

Green knit his brows, obviously not in approval with Zhao Hai’s proposition. But he thought that Zhao Hai’s thinking was correct. If the Calci Family knew that they had the strength to contend against a 9th rank expert, then they might’ve not treated Zhao Hai like what they just did.”

However, Green still thought that this wasn’t a safe approach. The 9th ranks on their group were still very few. If they were to fight against all those people, then they can only be pushed back to the Black Wasteland.

At this time Kun said, “Little Hai, how about you take those 9th ranks back at the Carrion Swamp. We already have Cai’er and Zhao





and Zhao Wen on our side, so getting those other 9th ranks shouldn’t be too difficult. If we take them one by one, then we can slowly weaken their Flower Protection Alliance’s power, and eventually, they will all be taken over by us. After all, they are Magic Beasts, and if Magic Beats enters the Space, it will immediately take control over them. We wouldn’t even have to worry about them betraying us. If we have them on our hands, we can be on the same level as the Humans, Beastman, Merfold, Elves and the Dwarves, we would become a formidable existence on the continent.”

Zhao Hai froze, he didn’t think about this. Because they were always thinking about the Flower Protection Alliance, they actually forgot to take into consideration that those Magic Beasts have their own respective domains, rarely coming in contact with the others. If Zhao Hai caan subdue those 9th ranks, then his strength would immediately be risen to among the top of the continent.

Green’s eyes also lit up, “If this is the case, then we could definitely do it. However, now’s not the time. We must wait until afterwards. Right, Young Master, I think you can tell Megan about the Space. But you have to make her promise to not divulge it to any other person no matter what.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Grandpa Green, another matter, it’s about Blockhead and Rockhead. They aren’t that young anymore, how about setting them up to get married? There is also Shue. I think we should find them a companion. They can’t serve me while being unmarried forever, wouldn’t that be unfair to them?”

Green didn’t say anything, it was Merine who smiled and said, “Right, Young Master’s idea is quite good. The two boys, Blockhead and Rockhead, should have a family. Shue even more so. They should get married.”

Blockhead and Rockhead’s faces looked like boiled shrimp, their necks were red as well. But Shue was very calm, he turned to Zhao Hai and Merine and said, “I thank the Young Master and Madam Merine for the good intentions, but I’ve already made an oath to never marry in my entire life.”

Zhao Hai stared at Shue for a

Shue for a moment before he nodded gently. He didn’t talk anymore. He knew the Shue might have his own reasons. He was also afraid that he might’ve made Shue recall a painful experience.

Merine didn’t ask further, but she still looked at Shue and sighed, “Alright, you’re free to have own reasons. But Young Master, I think you need to talk to Megan about the Space tomorrow. It’s just like you said, since you’re now engaged to Megan, then you should trust her, otherwise you would be unfair to her.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to Laura and Meg and said, “Laura, Meg, are you fine with this? I felt that If I leave Megan out of the Space’s matter, then I might have been deceiving her.”

Laura smiled and said, “Of course we’re fine. Brother Hai, you don’t know but we have long wanted to tell you about this matter. If we discuss sentiment, our feelings towards Megan is comparatively better than yours.”

Zhao Hai cannot help but laugh, “If you say so, then I’m relieved. Actually, I’m quite fortunate that I have the favor of you girls. And since you all were taking care of me, then I want all of you to see each other equally. I hope that all of you gets along with each other, otherwise my Buda Family wouldn’t have a great future.”

Laura smiled and said, “Be relieved, we wouldn’t struggle with each other. But if you prefer one of us, then all of us won’t be happy, we are now one group.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh even louder, Green and the others also laughed. To be honest, with Megan’s engagement to Zhao Hai, Green was afraid that Laura and Meg would have some misgivings. If Zhao Hai’s backyard was on fire, then their Buda Family wouldn’t fare very well.

Kun sighed inside, he knew that Laura loves Zhao Hai very much. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have such considerations for him. But Kun also knew that Zhao Hai is very happy with Laura. There’s no decision that he wouldn’t discuss with her. Kun could even say that Zhao Hai’s feelings for Laura was the same as Laura’s feelings for him.





* * *


  












Chapter 426 – Hot Spring

The next morning, Megan woke up early. Although she had been on the sea for four days, she was still unfamiliar with sleeping on the ship. This made her rests each day quite unpractical.


After washing up, Megan went out of the cabin. She thought of breathing in the sea breeze outside. This time, she went out of her house without bringing any servants along with her. But Megan wasn’t regretful, since she was going to marry Zhao Hai, then she must be familiar with his lifestyle, she doesn’t want Zhao Hai to see her as a young lady that need servants all the time to help her.

When Megan arrived on the deck, she saw that Zhao Hai and Laura were already up. Megan quickly went forwards and embarrassingly said, “Big Brother Hai, Sister Laura, you’re all up. I’m sorry I woke up late.”

Zhao Hai turned to Megan and saw that there were dark circles around her eyes, he couldn’t help but feel very apologetic towards her. He smiled and said, “What’s wrong? Not sleeping very well? This is normal for newcomers at sea, always feeling sick because of the swaying and shaking. Hehe.”

Megan smiled stiffly and said, “I really don’t know. I’ve already been used to the swaying since I was young. But I think If I still stayed here when I was young, I would still get sick.” This caused Laura and Zhao Hai to laugh.

Megan also laughed, although she underwent hardship and suffered a bit over the past two days, she also learned a lot from Zhao Hai’s group. They were hard-working, persevering, and optimistic. It was because of this that she can still joke about at this point.

Now Megan understood the thing about Zhao Hai that attracts her, it was his spirit of optimism. No matter what happens, Zhao Hai was still optimistic. The most important thing about Zhao Hai was that he





strives to move forward no matter what happens, this seemed to be attractive to her.

While looking at Megan’s face, Zhao Hai calmed down. He looked at Megan and sternly said, “Megan, now that we’re engaged, you’ll be a person of my Buda Clan in the future. Because of this, I’ll tell you our Buda Clan’s greatest secret. I hope you keep this secret, even from your father, can you do it?”

When Megan heard Zhao Hai’s first couple of words, she felt her face turn hot. But as soon as she heard the last ones, she froze and looked at Zhao Hai, but she didn’t agree immediately.

She quietly thought about Zhao Hai’s words. Yes, she was now engaged to Zhao Hai. And although they hadn’t been married, the matter was already set. She will become a person of the Buda Clan, no matter what others thought about it, and it was also not in her mind to leave Zhao Hai.

However, she also needed to take her parents into account, which made it difficult for her. Her feelings for Smith and the madam was too deep. So if she wanted to keep a secret from her mother and father, she was afraid that she would be unable to do it.

Seeing that Megan didn’t answer immediately, Zhao Hai didn’t become angry. On the contrary, he was quite glad that Megan didn’t quickly agree. I meant that she held relationships as important, and it also showed that her feelings for Zhao Hai were genuine. Otherwise, Megan could just agree immediately and when she returns, she could just sell Zhao Hai out.

Zhao Hai looked at Megan and said, “Megan, you must know that this secret is known by Laura, also Meg, all of the people from my Buda Clan knows. Since you’ve become engaged to me, I hope that you will have the same status as Laura and Meg. Otherwise, it would be unfair for you. At the same time, I completely believe in you, if I didn’t, then it wouldn’t be good in the future if you marry me. I hope you can take these words into account as well.”

When Megan heard Zhao Hai, she understood





understood that Zhao Hai hoped for her to reach the same status as Laura. This also meant that in his heart, she held the same place as Laura and Meg. This fact made Megan happy, she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, you can rest assured, if you trust me that much, then I wouldn’t disappoint you. I will protect the Buda Clan’s secret, even from my mother and father.”

Zhao Hai looked at Megan’s face then laughed, “Alright, I already feel relieved from hearing your words. Are you prepared? Because you will now know about the biggest secret of the Buda Clan.”

Megan took a deep breath and said, “I’m ready.” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and made an intention on his mind. Megan felt a flash of white light before she appeared in front of the villa.

Megan looked at everything in front of her and thought that she must have been in the Prairie. All around were green grass, and not far from the villa was a cultivated land where various plants were planted. But most importantly, she didn’t know how they arrived here, weren’t they on the ship just now?

At this time, Meg came and opened the door to the villa. As soon as she saw Megan, she smiled and said, “Megan, you’re here? Come in quickly, breakfast is already prepared. We can talk while eating at the same time.”

Megan’s mind was hazy as Meg pulled her into the villa. When they arrived at the dining doom, Meg didn’t serve the dishes immediately, they waited before Shue and the others came and also sat down.

This was Zhao Hai’s custom. When there was no special event, Shue and the others would dine with him, chatting on the table, increasing their sentiment to each other. Although they were under the Blood Oath, and were not allowed to betray Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai didn’t want to depend on the Blood Oath for their loyalty. He hoped that Shue and the others would sincerely work for him

Megan was still hazy when she sat down, she was very puzzled seeing all of this. The villa was just fine for her, but the environment made her





made her very confused.

At this time, Zhao Hai also sat down and smiled, “Megan, this is our Bida Clan’s greatest secret, Um, Laura, go introduce Megan to the Space.”

Laura didn’t object, she smiled faintly and talked to Megan about the Space along with its various mystical properties.

Megan already forgot to eat as she just stared and listened to Laura telling everything about the myriad magical things that was in the Space. Laura also kept talking for about one hour, at this point, Zhao Hai and the others were already finished eating. The only people who have not yet eaten were Laura and Megan.

When Laura finished, Megan couldn’t believe it as she looked outside the window and said, “You mean this entire place belonged to Brother Hai? In here, Brother Hai is a god?”

Laura smiled and said, “It’s just like what you said, everything here belongs to Brother Hai. And even if he is a god here, he is a miserable god, why? It’s because he needs to pay the Space for everything, also he needs to upgrade the space, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to use its full potential.”

Megan didn’t understand so much about it, but she still muttered, “Everything here surprisingly belongs to Brother Hai, amazing, this is too amazing.”

Seeing her appearance, Laura didn’t say anything and just faintly smiled. She went to the kitchen to warm their meal. She had to, otherwise they wouldn’t be able to eat it.

After some time, Megan recovered. Currently, it was only her who was left inside the dining room. Laura was busy in the kitchen while Zhao Hai and the others were in the living room.

Megan didn’t head to the living room, but instead she went to the kitchen. She asked Laura about the questions she had about the Space. Laura was also patient in answering them all. Soon after, their meals were already prepared, then the two went to the dining room to eat. After the meal, they went to the living room and saw Zhao Hai and the others looking at the monitor. The screen displayed the state of the sea.

As the various images popped out of the monitor, Megan was again reminded of

again reminded of the various mysteries of the Space. Zhao Hai looked at her and faintly smiled, “Megan, is Laura done in telling you about the Space? This is our Buda Clan’s ace, right, you should know about the good things i have right? Those were outputs of the Space, hehe, I can say that without the Space, you wouldn’t be able to meet me.”

Megan nodded at Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, rest assured, I will certainly not mention the Space to anybody.”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “Very well, I believe you. Megan, I know that you haven’t been resting properly these days, you can go sleep inside the Space. I’ll let Laura and Meg accompany you. The ship can just sail without us outside, but I still can’t feel at ease.”

Laura also said, “That’s right, we haven’t had a good rest these days either, so let’s sleep here. Megan, let’s go and take a rest.” Then she pulled Megan and left.

Zhao Hai also lead Blockhead and the others outside the Space, leaving the girls alone. The women didn’t immediately go to bed, they took Megan to have a good bath first. There was a hot spring spool in the Space, they can just bathe there and relax.

The hot spring of the Space was placed underneath the villa, which was Karen’s former laboratory before he moved to Iron Mountain Fort. Since the basement was not used, Laura proposed to Cai’er her intent to make the basement into a Hot Spring pool. The pool was supplied with flowing water since there was a spring underneath the villa. At the same time, there was also an outlet on the pool, since it was hard to control the amount of water inside the basement.

In the basement, there weren’t only some stone tables and other furnitures, Cai’er can also send some fruits and wine for Laura and the others to enjoy. After the basement was prepared, it was very well regarded by the group. Afterwards, Zhao Hai proposed dividing the place into two rooms, one for the women, then the other one is for men. [1]






* * *


  












Chapter 427 – Trade

Megan sat in the hot spring pool and felt an unprecedented sense of comfort. This was her first time experiencing a hot spring ever. Sky Water City was on a coastal region, there were no hot springs available there.

Soaking in hot water inside the spring made her feel really good, it was very comfortable. Sitting in the hot spring while eating fruits and drinking wine was something she thought only fairies could do.

After taking her wine glass and taking a sip, Megan turned her head towards Laura and Meg who were also soaking in the hot spring while sipping wine. Megan made a discontented pout and said, “You two are really good sisters, enjoying such good stuff these days but only telling me now, hmph.”

Laura and Meg both laughed, after which Laura said, “It’s not that we don’t want to tell you, this place is just too important to the Buda Clan. If this secret were to be known by others, the Clan’s final trump card would be gone, so we dared not to tell you immediately. We only told you this time because of Brother Hai’s proposal.” Although Laura also wanted to tell Zhao Hai to inform Megan about the Space, she didn’t say it. No matter what, it was Zhao Hai’s decision. Moreover, she also said that to make Megan’s impression of Zhao Hai better, to make Megan’s heart accept Zhao Hai more.

One had to recognize how much Laura thought about Zhao Hai, even such small details were taken into consideration. This was because Laura knew that since she wanted to spend her lifetime with this man, it would help him if she solves all of his troubles. So Laura decided to think about such matters.

When Megan heard Laura, she snorted, “I forgive you. I’ll never tell anyone about this, be relieved .This place really is too good, you’ll really enjoy it here.”

Laura smiled and said, “It really is. Actually some of those things were Brother Hai’s ideas, he just couldn’t come enjoy them, he has too many things to do, he is too busy.”

Megan also sighed, she also saw how much things Zhao Hai handled these past





few days. Although Zhao Hai was not signing documents like her father, Zhao Hai also had a lot of matters regarding the Buda Clan to think about. Just like Laura said, Zhao Hai was indeed very busy.

After the group soaked at the hot springs for a while, they then went to rest upstairs. There were more than 20 rooms in the Space’s villa, so there were still plenty of empty rooms. Since Megan had not rested well lately, she immediately fell asleep after the hot spring bath.

She didn’t think that she would fall asleep until the afternoon. When she got out of bed, there weren’t any other person inside the Space. After she wore her clothes, Megan immediately appeared on the Haven.

She stared for a moment before she understood that it was certainly Cai’er’s doing. Zhao Hai already introduced Megan to Cai’er yesterday. But Zhao Hai didn’t tell Megan that Cai’er was in fact a 9th rank expert.

When Megan arrived on the ship, Laura saw her. Laura immediately went and greeted her with a smile, “You woke up. Seeing you sleep so much during the day makes me think whether you can still be able to sleep at night.”

Megan spat out her tongue and said, “I haven’t slept well these past few days, so I had a very good rest. But I surprisingly overslept. Haha.”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile, “We can just return to the Space in the night and rest. It’s quiet there, and the air is very good as well. Sleeping there is very comfortable.”

Megan nodded and looked at the scenery of the sea. She smiled and said, “Looking at the grass inside the Space, while gazing at the sea on the ship, this lifestyle is very good.” Her words made Zhao Hai and the others smile.

After some time, Megan turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, what are we doing on this trip? Why do I see that we’re heading towards the deep seas? Do you intend to go there?”

Zhai Hai smiled faintly and said, “Right, we’ll head towards the deeps seas, as well as Ape Island, we have a base there.”

When Megan was reading a few days





days ago, she also came across information regarding Ape Island. So upon hearing Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but be startled as she said, “Ape Island? Isn’t that the one written in the book that had reefs surrounding it as well as strong magic beasts?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “Yes, that Ape Island. We’ve already subdued the magic beasts there. One of them is called Little Jin, I’m sure you’re going to like him. Moreover, that island is rich in Bread Fruits.”

Megan also knew about the Bread Fruit, she had eaten several of them. She didn’t think that the fruit was grown inside that ominous island.

After several days, Zhao Hai and the others finally arrived at Ape Island. Upon arriving, Little Jin’s group received Zhao Hai and the others. However, Zhao Hai wasn’t planning on staying long this time. He stayed for two days and then they left, but this time Little Jin joined them. Zhao Hai didn’t oppose it, after all, there’s a transmission point inside Ape Island, Little Jin can just return anytime.

Megan also came to like Little Jin very much. Although Zhao Hai and the others told her that Little Jin was formidable, Megan just can’t see it just by looking at its face. She didn’t really believe that Little Jin was as scary as what the others said,

After leaving Ape Island, Zhao Hai’s group naturally headed to trade with the Rock Shrimp Tribe. Zhao Hai also told Megan about this, which made her shocked, she didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be trading with the Merfolk.

Keeping this as a secret was also tol to Megan. Even if they can cooperate with the Calci Family about marine products later on, they cannot tell the family about their transactions with the Rock Shrimp Tribe.

Megan didn’t oppose, ever since Zhao Hai revealed the Space to Megan, she already classified herself as someone from the Buda Clan. What she needed to do right now was to contribute into developing the clan. Not saying Zhao Hai’s matter wouldn’t affect the Calci Family’s benefits anyway. Conversely, if she cooperates, the Calci Family would be obtaining a lot of advantages in the future.

Megan’s transformation was also in small part the





part the Space’s doing. Although the Space’s influence on a person was very minimal, almost nothing, ever since Megan started to stay inside the Space every evening, she changed bit by bit.

Naturally, this influence on a person was very limited, so Zhao Hai didn’t really care about this point. Before long, they arrived at the Shrimp Tribe’s domain. The tribesmen immediately came to meet them and escorted them to the reef where the tribe lived.

But when Zhao Hai arrived, he was shaken, this was because it was not only the Shrimp Tribe that was trading with him, there were also the Crabs and the Shellfishes. The deals with the two tribes were also very beneficial to Zhao Hai. There was needless to say about the Shell Tribe, since they were the ones who had the pearls. But the Crab Tribe also traded Zhao Hai with crab magic beasts. These crabs were really very big, if they were placed on the ground with their claws outstretched, their length would be about ten meters.

Altogether, what Zhao Hai gained from the trade this time were 100 jins of pearl, 100 corals, 200 gigantic crabs, 100 giant shrimps, as well as various marine plants and other Magic Beasts. One could say that Zhao Hai’s harvests were very great.

Moreover, Libben also told Zhao Hai that he was still contacting other tribes to see who wanted to trade with Zhao Hai. Naturally, Zhao Hai was extremely glad about this, so he gave the Shrimp Tribe some Bread Fruits as well as some Milk Wine. As to whether how they will drink the liquor, it wasn’t under Zhao Hai’s worries.

When Zhao Hai left the Shrimp Tribe’s area and headed towards the shallower sea, Megan couldn’t help but release a breath. She looked at the Shrimp Tribe’s territory and turned to Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, aren’t you scared when seeing those Shrimp and Crap Tribesmen?”

Zhao Hai already saw Shrimp Tribesmen from before. Now, he saw the Crab Tribesmen. Their upper bodies were vaguely similar to the Shrimps, but they didn’t have as many arms like them, the Crabs were just like humans. However, their eyes were not normal since they stretched outwards their heads,

outwards their heads, they may even turn them 360 degrees to see all around their body. Their arms were like the humans, but their hands were replaced with huge claws. Their lower body had crab-like feet, they also had large shells. One could say that the Crab Tribesmen just looked like a long crab with half a human’s body.

On the other hand, the Shell Tribesmen were very much like humans. But on their backs were a pair of wing-like shells. The shell was quite huge, as long as a Shell Tribesman curls their body, they could fit themselves inside their shells. When Zhao Hai saw the appearance of the Shell people, he couldn’t help but think about Shell Girl. However, the Shell Tribesmen weren’t very beautiful.

It was because of the odd and strange appearances of the Merfolk that Megan asked Zhao Hai that question. He just smiled and said, “Why should we be afraid? They are also creatures who had wisdom no lesser than our own. They just had appearances that appear strange to us, just like how us humans look strange to them. Megan, you have to remember this as a future senior member of the Buda Clan, you must be good if you meet different races. The most hated thing for these races are when Humans look down on their appearances. Therefore, even if you do fear them, don’t show it. An expression of fear or loathing will enrage them, they might even possibly go out and attack you.”

Megan stared, then she turned to Laura. Laura smiled and said, “In a few days, we will lead you to Iron Mountain Fort. There, you will be able to see some Giant-Horned Ox Clansmen. They are huge, with giant horns. We felt strange when we saw them for the first time, but give it some days and you will get used to it. You would be getting along with them and see that they are much more easy to interact with than other humans.”

Although they already told Megan about the transmission points, Zhao Hai still hadn’t brought Megan to Iron Mountain Fort. He just invited Green and the others to the Space to meet Megan.





* * *


  












Chapter 428 – Raise the Banner of the Wild Dragon, Show them Who is Invincible!

When Megan knew that she was going to meet Green, she was very anxious. From what she heard from Laura, Green was Meg’s grandfather, the Buda Clan’s housekeeper. He also looked after Zhao Hai while he was growing up, Green was no different from Zhao Hai’s blood grandfather. Although Green still called Zhao Hai Young Master, Zhao Hai was extremely respectful to him. To get the recognition from the Buda Family, Grandpa Green’s approval was required.

This made Megan nervous. When she saw Green, she didn’t know what to speak, this made Green and Merine very amused.

At this point, Megan knew that Laura was just teasing her and chased her around for a long time. However, as a result, this made Megan look better in the eyes of the elders, and in the end she got Green’s recognition.

These past few days, Zhao Hai had been busy sailing. So he didn’t have the time to bring Megan back to Iron Mountain Fort. He just waited for a proper time before going back.

And now, when Megan heard Laura, she became very curious. She had known about Iron Mountain Fort for quite some time, but Laura and the others didn’t talk much about it. She just knew that the Milk Wine that was very in demand in the continent was produced in the fort, this made her want to take a look at the place.

But Zhao Hai really didn’t have much time to return to the fort. So Megan had no other choice but to wait. Now that they’re on their return trip, there was now a lot of spare time, naturally it was also time to go back to the fort and take a look.

Just as Megan was about to ask Zhao Hai as to when he plans to take her to Iron Mountain fort, a hawk’s sound was suddenly heard. Zhao Hai turned his head and saw that it was coming from a Blood Hawk, but he didn’t know where this one came from. So he immediately called it down and took the letter attached on its body. When Zhao Hai read the letter, his expression sank.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and knew that something important just happened. She quickly asked, “What is is Brother Hai? Did an accident happen?”

Zhao Hai handed the letter off to Laura, which made Laura’s calm face change. She muttered, “It’s surprisingly Uncle Evan, 200 thousand mercenaries? How is this possible? Are they fools?”

Meg looked puzzled at Laura, “Sister Laura, what happened?”

Laura gave the letter to Meg, “The letter is from Uncle Evan, he said that Casa City is suddenly besieged by 100 thousand mercenaries. There was also another 100 thousand outside the city’s vicinity to block reinforcements for the Purcell Family. Currently, Casa City is receiving no





help, it will be broken into in five days.”

Although Megan didn’t read the letter, she stared blankly just by listening to Laura’s words. Even if she wasn’t an expert in military, hearing about 200 thousand mercenaries made her feel the absurdity of the situation, are the mercenaries crazy? 200 thousand mercenaries actually grouped up to attach a duchy? This was something a military would do, Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, which extraordinary person did the Purcell Family offend? Otherwise, why would so many mercenaries attack them? 200 thousand mercenaries, even if people who didn’t understand militaires would definitely think that they are just soldiers in disguise.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “It should be Southern King Boris. Back when Ruyen was heading home, Southern King acted against her, but was saved by the Swordfish Ship that I had sent. And now that Ruyen came home safely, it seems like Boris wants to extinguish the Purcell Family.”

Laura turned to look at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what do you want to do?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “We’ll go discuss this with Grandpa Green as well as Uncle Smith. Both of them are veterans in politics, they should have good inputs on this matter. As for the fleet, let them head towards Jade Water City. Let Mu’en handle this matter.”

Laura nodded, “Mu’en can deal with it, in any case, he only needs to hand them over to Trezebo. We should indeed ask Grandpa Green’s advice, however, he had minimum contact with the outside world lately. I think Uncle Smith’s input is very valuable this time.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he immediately gave the Ghost Staff over to a Blood Hawk before sending it flying towards Sky Water City. At the same time, he had the five-masted ships gotten from the Markey Family to head to Jade Water City. He also left the traded items behind as well as an undead Water Mage to freeze the goods over. After that, everyone went to the Space and returned to Iron Mountain Fort.

Megan didn’t think that this would be the reason why she could go to Iron Mountain Fort. After arriving at the fort, Zhao Hai had Meg take Megan to walk around and see the place. Zhao Hai found Green and the others in the living room, then he told them about Evan’s matter.

Green frowned and said, “Of course we need to help, but if we do, then wouldn’t we be exposing our status?”

Zhao Hai snorted and said, “If we get exposed, then we get exposed. We happen to be looking for an opportunity to do so. It’s time to let the continent know that the Buda Clan has risen back. Grandpa Green, it seems like our Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon Banner hadn’t been shown in the continent for quite some time, should we take





take it?”

Green stared blankly before he stood up and laughed. From his body an intense killing aura, only those who experienced the battlefield would have, appeared, making the temperature in the room decrease by a several degrees.

Green turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, have you really decided?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ve decided. Our Wild Dragon Banner must return to the face of the continent. Let people know that our Buda Clan is back.”

Green laughed, “Alright, the Wild Dragon Banner needs to be inherited, one day it would land in your hands. Now that the strength of our Buda Clan has increased, I think it’s time for the Young Master to receive it. Young Master, please wait, I’ll go bring it right away.”

Before long, Green arrived while carrying a neatly folded scarlet coth. When he arrived at the living room, he unfolded his hands and revealed the banner.

The banner was 2 meters high by 4 meters wide, fully red, and embroidered with a clawed dragon. This wasn’t a Chinese dragon, but a Western dragon with wings. But the embroidery was quite abstract, the dragon was drawn on its side, along with some fire coming out of its mouth.

However, what made Laura and the others surprised was that the banner looked a bit tattered. A hole was even present on the middle of it, but not damaging the dragon image. On the contrary the hole was lined with gold thread, making it glitter.

Zhao Hai was excited while looking at this banner, from the memories he obtained from Adam, he knew the significance of this banner. This was a War Banner of the Buda Clan’s First Patriarch. The banner itself was made with the most common red fabric, the dragon was also embroidered with ordinary yellow thread. However, during a battle, the First Patriarch was seriously injured while the flag was heavily damaged. The First Patriarch picked up the banner and wrapped it around his body, and struggled to survive while wearing it. In the end, they won the battle, and the banner was soaked with the blood of the family, making it even more scarlet red.

Afterwards, the Aksu Empire’s Emperor personally assigned someone to use fire silk to fix the banner as well as use gold threads to redraw the dragon before giving it back to the Buda Clan. The Clan then continually used the banner for several wars and battles, even though the the cloth and the silk were getting damaged, the Clan never changed the banner. Finally, when they left Aksu Empire’s capital, Green sold all of their things aside from the Clan’s banner. This banner could be said to be the spirit of the Buda Clan.

Green looked at the War Banner and turned to Zhao Hai, “Young Master, this Banner represents the honor of our Buda Clan. Today, I bestow this banner to you. I





you. I hope you take the Clan’s honor into heart. And most importantly, you must wave this banner in front of the Continent and let them know who is truly invincible!”

He said before handing the banner over to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai received the banner and solemnly nodded, “Grandpa Green, be relieved. I will certainly ingrain the image of this banner onto the eyes of everyone in the continent, I promise!”

Green laughed, and at the same time, tears flowed down his face. More than a year, it was more than a year before the Buda Clan had been relocated. Ever since being relocated, Green had always hoped that the banner could re-emerge into the continent. Now that the opportunity has arrived, the continent would have to know, that the Buda Clan is back!”

Meg and Merine were also silently shedding tears on the side. After experiencing everything, the banner had finally been handed over to Zhao Hai, and he even appeared very noble while doing so.

Zhao Hai turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, I’ll go now. SInce the Buda Clan is going to reappear on the continent, do you have any other advice?”

Green looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I only have a few words. You must express the power and prestige of this flag, you cannot discredit this flag.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he folded the flag before sending it to the Space. But as the War Banner entered the Space, a prompt was unexpectedly heard, “Inheritance-type Special Item detected. Item can only be passed from generation to generation. Added to spirit department, special item class. This item can be used in battle, bound to the host, cannot be damaged, cannot be dropped. Can enhance soldiers, and increase host’s leadership ability. Increases the Host’s influence, loyalty of subordinates to the host increased. Also increases the Space’s attack power.”

Zhao Hai froze, he didn’t expect the banner to be very special. He quickly told Green about this development.

After listening, Green laughed, “Good! The Space is truly made for the young master, it actually recognizes the family’s treasure. This would be a great help to the Young Master. Right, the Young Master should leave. Don’t hesitate to approach us if you ever need anything.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he led Laura and the others to return to the Space. After looking at the monitor, they saw the blood hawk quickly flying towards Sky Water City. Then he shifted to the Haven, and upon seeing that there were no other ships in the vicinity, he immediately stored the ship into the Space.

The group sat in the living room and looked carefully at the screen. Laura sat beside Zhao Hai and gently said, “Brother Hai, this time if we use the Buda Clan’s War Banner, will those people shift their attention to the Black Wasteland? What do we do if they send

if they send some people over to investigate?”

Zhao Hai who was looking at the screen snorted, “They can come, but they won’t be able to return. This time I’ve planned let out 10 thousand creatures for the attack, too much is no good. The rest of the undead, about 100 thousand, will be left behind the Black Wasteland. And with Cai’er, even if they send in a 9th rank, they wouldn’t be able to leave.”

Laura didn’t oppose and just asked again, “Isn’t 10 thousand too few?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “10 thousand is already a lot. There are several Dark Mages who can command 10 thousand undead to battle. For me to dominate with these 10 thousand could already shake some people.”

Laura nodded, and then said, “Alright, 10 thousand is enough. We can also turn those we attack into undead, this way, nobody would get suspicious.”

Zhao Hai nodded, at this time the Blood Hawk arrived outside Sky Water City. Zhao Hai and the others immediately flashed out of the Space and then rode horses directly towards the City Lord’s Mansion.

Zhao Hai repeated his movements from before and sent a Blood Hawk to inform Smith about his arrival.


It was already afternoon, Smith and Randolph were in the living room talking about Zhao Hai. Megan had already been gone for ten days, they were now worried.

At this time, a hawk’s cry came. When Smith heard this, he knew that it must be the Blood Hawk. He immediately had someone go out and retrieve the letter from the Hawk. After reading the letter, Smith quickly had Phil go to the side entrance and receive Zhao Hai. At the same time, he also returned to the living room and said to Randolph, “Father, Little Hai and Megan’s group had come back. But this time it seems like they came with an important matter, they seem to be anxious.”

Randolph knitted his brows and said, “What could it be? Alright, we’ll just wait for them here. For them to return this soon, they must have something they needed to discuss with you.”

Smith nodded, at this time Zhao Hai’s group arrived at the side entrance and was greeted by Phil, “Mister, Miss, you’re already back? Come in, the Patriarch is waiting.”

Thunder seemed to erupt in Zhao Hai’s mind as he heard Phil’s words. But no matter what, he had to meet this man from the Calci Family, so he didn’t say anything. However, Megan’s face changed, “Grandpa is here? Does Grandpa oppose my engagement with Big Brother Hai? Grandpa Phil, what did Grandpa say?”

Phil smiled and said, “Young Lady need not worry, the Patriarch already agreed to your engagement. Now, the City Lord and the Patriarch are waiting in the living room, come in quickly.”

Megan relaxed her uneasy expression, she was really worried that Randolph would stop her engagement with Zhao Hai.





* * *


  












Chapter 429 – Primary Interest

Zhao Hai and the others headed towards the living room with Phil. They saw that Smith was already standing outside the door, so Zhao Hai gave a bow and said, “Uncle Smith”

Because they still hadn’t married, and adding on to the customs of Great Nobles, Zhao Hai can only call him Uncle Smith right now.

Smith nodded and said, “Alright, let’s enter the room and meet Megan’s Grandfather. Megan hurry up, your grandpa has already waiting for you for several days.”

Megan nodded and ran into the room. Zhao Hai then went along with Smith as they slowly entered. When Zhao Hai entered the living room, he saw Megan sitting on an old man and acting like a spoiled brat.

The man looked very old, having hair that was somewhat grayish white, but it was extremely well kept. He wore a stern face and most importantly, he had an imposing aura about him. Comparing this aura to Smith, one could see that he held a much higher standing than the City Lord.

Smith turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, this is Megan’s Grandfather.”

Zhao Hai immediately went forward and bowed, “Zhao Hai has seen Grandpa Patriarch.”

Randolph nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was already experienced with this situation, so he just calmly stood there, returning Randolph’s gaze.

Then with a deep voice, Randolph said, “Sit”. Zhao Hai complied and sat down. Randolph didn’t speak again, and just looked at Zhao Hai. However, Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood for this right now, so he turned to Smith and said, “Uncle Smith, I have a matter to discuss with you today.”

Smith stared at Zhao Hai and said, “What matter?”

Then Zhao Hai told Smith about the Purcell Family’s situation, and then expressed his intention to provide help. Smith and Randolph both frowned while listening to Zhao Hai’s words. After waiting for Zhao Hai to finish, Smith looked at him and said, “Do you really want to help? Moreover, you will use the Buda Clan’s Banner?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I do, and I’m capable of helping them. Moreover, the Purcell Family had given some grace to our Buda Clan. Even if the Purcell family is an established noble of the Aksu





Empire, they still chose to give aid to my Clan.”

Without even waiting for Smith to speak, Randolph opened his mouth and said, “You should go and help them. You would be using your undead right?”

Zhao Hai nodded, and was confused as he stared at Randolph. When he entered the room, he could see that Randolph was somewhat upset with him. He knew the old man wasn’t very happy to speak to him. But he didn’t think that Randolph would actually support his decision.

Randolph didn’t stare at Zhao Hai for a long time. He opened his mouth and continued, “Since there hadn’t been any major battles in the continent these past years, we Dark Mages barely had any opportunity to show our might. This made people forget about how formidable the undeads of our profession were. If you help the Purcell Family this time, you would surely need to use your undead, you could also make use of this situation to show the continent how fearful a Dark Mage was inside a battlefield. Therefore, not only do you need to endure, you should win, and make sure that it’s an overwhelming victory. You must express the might and power of a Dark Mage.”

Zhao Hai nodded, but Smith said, “I’ve heard about this matter, I think the 200 thousand mercenaries are only used to deceive people. When other people see it, they would understand what’s going on. However, this matter was well thought out, from what I’ve got, the other side wasn’t very violent towards Casa City. I think they might have been waiting for you to appear. As long as you go, they would then immediately deal with you. You wouldn’t fare well if they send a 9th rank expert, are you really confident?”

When Zhao Hai heard Smith, he couldn’t help but stare. Then he asked, “The really came for me?”

Smith nodded and said, “I’m not sure of it in the beginning, but now that you came, I think that this is the case. They don’t know your true identity, but they know of Zhao Hai the Dark Mage. And you as a Dark Mage seem to be secretly related to the Purcell Family. In addition to the time when you saved Ruyen some





some time ago, they reckoned that you will also help Casa City. Therefore, they decided to attack the Purcell Family in hopes that you would come, and then have an expert come and deal with you as well as the Purcell Family. As the matter stands, your enemy can stand to gain great things with this operation.”

Zhao Hai frowned, “Southern King really has this much influence in Aksu Empire? I didn’t expect this, would the other nobles of the Aksu Empire just ignore it?”

Smith shook his head and said, “It is very likely that Southern King had paid a hefty price so that the Great Nobles would choose to ignore this matter. But it is certain that Southern King cannot hold out for too long, and they would also keep the damages to a minimum. And similarly, they wouldn’t act against other people, only the Purcell Family and you.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and in a serious voice he said, “This is also good. This way, I can beat them once and make them unable to dare to come again. Rest assured, as long as they don’t send five 9th ranks, they will not be able to return from where they came from.”

Hearing this, Smith knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t joking before. When Randolph heard Zhao Hai, his eyes couldn’t help but narrow.

In the past they didn’t believe Zhao Hai’s words, since Zhao Hai said that he was from the Buda Clan, they knew that the demise of the Clan was in large part because of their lack of 9th rank experts. However, now, Zhao Hai actually said that they wouldn’t be able to return if they don’t send five 9th ranks. This meant that four 9th ranks wasn’t a match against this young man.

One must know that in order to deal with four 9th ranks, one would generally need seven to eight 9th ranks to make sure. Otherwise, it would be impossible to entrap the other party. How could the Buda Clan have this much 9th ranks.

However, now that Zhao Hai said this, they thought that maybe he wasn’t lying. Since Zhao Hai wanted to support the Purcell Family immediately, then if he wasn’t confident with dealing with 9th ranks, then there was no point





no point in telling this.

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and knew that he was already det on going, he just nodded and said, “When do you plan to leave?”

Zhao Hai replied, “Right now. This time, Megan wouldn’t need to come with me, it’s too dangerous. We need to head out immediately, the Purcell Family couldn’t hold out for long.”

Smith nodded and stared at Zhao Hai, “Do you need our family to send you support? In any case, you’re now engaged to Megan, this is also somewhat related to our Calci Family.”

Randolph also nodded, “Since you became engaged to Megan, I don’t hope for you to get in danger. Boy, will you really go on your own?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Me alone is enough, Uncle Smith, Grandpa Patriarch, I’ll be taking my leave,” Then he gave a bow before heading out.

At this time, Megan said, “Wait! Brother Hai, I’ll go with you.”

Zhao Hai stared, then frowned, “Megan, it’s fine, we’re heading off to war. Although you wouldn’t be in relative danger, I think you wouldn’t be able to stomach the scene.”

Smith and Randolph also frowned, “Right, Megan, you should stay at home. You can’t contribute anything if you go.”

Megan actually shook her head and said, “No, I must go with Brother Hai. You must let me go.”

Zhao Hai looked at Megan’s appearance and didn’t know what to do. At this time, Laura’s voice was heard, “Brother Hai, you should let Megan come. After all, she wouldn’t be in any danger.”

Seeing the resoluteness in Megan’s face, to the point of shedding tears, Zhao Hai’s heart couldn’t help but soften and said, “Alright, you can come.”

Smith’s complexion changed and said, “Little Hai, are you really confident? If Megan gets injured, I will never forgive you.” Smith also knew Megan’s disposition, although Megan didn’t have such a strong temperament normally, if she really decided to be stubborn, she wouldn’t listen to anybody.

Randolph also knew Megan, therefore he could only frown at Zhao Hai right now. Seeing the two’s expressions Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Feel relieved, there won’t be any problems. When we come back and Megan lost a single hair on her head, then you can hold me accountable for my sins.”

Smith turned to Megan

turned to Megan and said, “Megan, what do you think? Do you really want to go?”

Megan nodded with full effort, “Yes, I’ve decided.” Smith couldn’t help but sigh, it seems like his little girl really didn’t want to stay, so he could only agree, “Alright, you go. But remember that you’re not allowed to enter the battlefield.” Megan nodded.

Zhao Hai looked at the time and said, “It’s already quite late, we need to save time as much as possible. I’m afraid that the Purcell Family wouldn’t be able to wait for a long time.” Then he bid Smith and Randolph farewell once again before he headed towards the Mansion’s side gate.

Phil had already arranged their mounts, then the group hastily left the City Lord’s Mansion. When they left the city, Zhao Hai gave a command to Cai’er, “Cai’er, go find an area in Stony Mountain where there is no one, we need an exit.” Cai’er complied and got to work.

They already have a Transmission point at Stony Mountain. Originally, the place they could teleport to was only two kilometers around the point, which was the monitor’s range. But now, since the range had increased by five times, Cai’er could definitely find some place that was to Zhao Hai’s specifications.

Zhao Hai knew that Southern King had started to form suspicions. He might have suspected Zhao Hai of having a magic tool that could teleport people. So he already sent some of his men to monitor Stony Mountain and see if Zhao Hai emerges from there, and if he did, it would confirm Boris’ suspicions. This would bring Zhao Hai a ton of trouble, and he didn’t want this right now.

Since Cai’er already got into the task, she soon found a suitable place for Zhao Hai to exit. However, they only released a Blue Eyed rabbit to bring the Ghost Staff to survey the place before having it picked up by a Blood Hawk to deliver them straight into the Casa City.

Zhao Hai’s group appeared inside an unknown warehouse. This place had been bought by Green in the past. Now they could finally be put to good use. They immediately went out of the warehouse to contact Evan about how they would destroy the enemy.





* * *


  












Chapter 430 – Gift for Women

Cai’er’s movements were quick, before long, she already told Zhao Hai that the Blue-eyed Rabbit had already been released. Now she was waiting for the opportunity to release the Blood Hawk. Zhao Hai wasn’t anxious, he had just left Sky Water City and was currently looking for a desolate area so that they could enter the Space.

At this time, Zhao Hai also released Xenomorph. SInce the Space had been upgraded, Xenomorph’s body also become much bigger. Now it’s main body was already ten meters high and 20 meters long. The space within its body was now divided into two stories, the upper and lower floor, all in all providing 50 square meters of floor space. Zhao Hai, Laura and the others sat on the upper floor while Blockhead’s group sat on the lower floor.

As soon as they entered Xenomorph, it immediately went to Law River and swam in it. However, it cannot swim for a very long time, since it wasn’t a Water element Undead.

Not long after Xenomorph entered the water, Cai’er told Zhao Hai that the Blood Hawk has been released. After a couple hours, the hawk would arrive at Casa City.

If one were to travel from Stony Mountain to Casa City, a horse would take two day’s worth travel, but for a Blood Hawk, two hours was enough.[1]

Zhao Hai didn’t mind it, he just lead Xenomorph to swim towards the sea. They were now travelling underwater.

Because Alien cannot travel underwater for too long, Zhao Hai was now considering about having a Water element Undead, something like the Blade-Scaled Whale.

Although he was thinking about this, Zhao Hai knew that it wasn’t time to do it. They hid underwater for two hours before the Hawk finally arrived at Casa City. Then Zhao Hai’s group went into the Space.

This made Laura and the other’s quite regretful, this was the first time they saw such a view of the sea. Although it wasn’t that early, there was still a bit of light coming from the surface, this made them see all kinds of underwater sceneries, like small fishes swimming. This was a new experience for them.

It was not only them who experienced this





for the first time, it was the same for Zhao Hai as well. He hadn’t that much time to play around at see before, now he was just sitting and gazed through Xenomorph’s transparent body towards the depths of the sea.

But it was a pity that Xenomorph wasn’t suitable for going too deep because of its element. Presently, they could only go on waters near the sea’s surface, they wouldn’t dare go too deep.

As soon as the group entered the Space, they also immediately went out. The place where they appeared in was exactly the place that Green had bought before. This place was Zhao Hai’s temporary transmission point, but lately they hadn’t been using it.

But since the place was owned by Green, nobody would come here, so Zhao Hai re-used the it.

Zhao Hai and the others didn’t dally in the courtyard, upon arriving, they immediately rode their horses to head towards the Grand Duke’s mansion. They didn’t sit inside Alien since Casa City was in a state of war, they didn’t want to make any unnecessary misunderstandings.

Although Zhao Hai knew that Casa City was in a war, he still froze upon arriving. This was because its current appearance was very far from what it was before.

Casa City was Purcell Duchy’s capital, it was even dubbed as the Pearl of the North. Trade was very flourishing here, its streets were very lively.

However, the current Casa City was deserted, not a single person was seen, it was no different from a ghost town. At this moment, a sudden boom was heard, making Zhao Hai look for its source. He understood that the sound must have come from the city wall. His expression couldn’t help but change. He didn’t expect the enemy to still attack in the evening, no wonder Evan said they couldn’t hold on for long.

Zhao Hai frowned and didn’t say anything, he immediately had his horse sprint towards the Grand Duke’s Mansion’s direction. Their action attracted the attention of the people in side the city. Soon, the city’s defenders were onto them, doors and gates were closed in order to block them.

Zhao Hai didn’t have the time to deal with those people, he just continued on





on towards the mansion. But upon arriving, Zhao Hai noticed a group blocking his way. There were a thousand knights in front of them, all paying attention to Zhao Hai. The lead Knight closed his visor and seemed to be in the ready for a charge.

When Zhao Hai saw this, he couldn’t help but immediately stop his horse. Then he bowed to the knight and said, “To the Purcell family knight, my name is Zhao Hai, I came to see the Grand Duke, I’ll have to give you the trouble of informing him.”

The Knight stared, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You said that you’re Zhao Hai? Does Mister Zhao Hai intend to help our Purcell Family?”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled, “I wouldn’t dare. I’m just here since the Grand Duke sent me a letter asking for assistance, please do notify him.” The knight excitedly raised his Knight’s spear, an act which Zhao Hai knew was a knight’s way of salute. Then the knight said, “Mister, please wait a bit. I will immediately return, the Grand Duke is still currently at the walls defending.” Then the knight turned towards the wall.

Zhao Hai didn’t mind it, it was a special time, so it was natural for them to be careful. He looked at the Cavalry by his side, they should be the elite troops of the Purcell Family. The weakest of them were 4th rank while the strongest were 6th rank. This wasn’t a bad composition, it clearly showed the high caliber of the Purcell Family. It really deserved to be called a Great Clan with its rich heritage.

While Zhao Hai was inspecting the cavalry, the cavalry were also inspecting him. For them, Zhao Hai’s name was very well known. He was quite popular among the people of the Purcell Family since he had helped them in the past.

What’s most important was his and Laura’s legendary love story, it was the people’s favorite topic to talk about in their spare time. Although Zhao Hai had been gone for quite some time, if you mention his name in Casa City, it was impossible for people to not know him, those who don’t number in the scarce few.

But now that they





that they look at Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but feel disappointed. He looked very ordinary, dressed ordinary, even his magic staff looked very ordinary. He didn’t look any special while sitting on his horse. Then they saw Laura and Megan who were at the back, so they immediately knew it was indeed Zhao Hai since Laura’s face was very well known inside Casa City.

Before long, the sound of hooves galloping was heard as two shadows were quickly approaching. With his own eyes, Zhao Hai noticed Evan beside the Knight.

After Evan arrived in front of Zhao Hai, he immediately pulled the reins and jumped down from his horse. Then he laughed and said, “Zhao Hai, good, you really came. You really made me worried, if you came a few days later, then you wouldn’t be able to see me anymore.”

Zhao Hai also jumped down from his horse, he bowed and said, “Little Nephew has seen Uncle Evan. Uncle really has been living a great life for a few thieves to attack him.”

Evan laughed, “Boy, this isn’t any small thief. It’s that son of a bitch Boris. If he doesn’t kill me this time, then he won’t live well.”

Evan was originally a warrior, he had wandered outside before. Even if he had been immersed in being a Grand Duke for the past years, his unyielding warrior spirit was still ingrained to his very bones. This time, this trait of his was rediscovered as he himself fought in battle to kill his enemies.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Nephew has heard of this matter, I’m afraid that this this situation was caused by me, so I came here in order to help solve it. After receiving your letter, I immediately made haste to come here. Right, Uncle, let me make an introduction, you’ve already seen Laura, Meg, and Nier, you should also recognize Blockhead and Rockhead. This is Shue, this is Shun, this is my new fiancee, the Calci Family’s princess, Megan. Megan, this is Uncle Evan, Purcell Duchy’s Grand Duke.”

Megan blushed and then bowed to Evan, “This one has met Uncle Evan.”

Evan laughs and said, “Good, good, this youngster really has a gift for women. In such a short time,

a short time, you already have another fiancee. Right, we shouldn’t be talking here, let’s enter the mansion.”

Zhao Hai then replied, “Uncle Evan, it seems like someone is attacking the city. Is it alright to leave the walls as it is?”

Evan shook his head and said, “It should be fine, it’s evening, those fellows wouldn’t make that much of an effort. They would wait until the day before doing so.” Then he led Zhao Hai’s group into the Grand Duke’s Mansion. The scene earlier made the knights confused, they knew that Zhao Hai had a good relationship with the Purcell Family, but they didn’t expect it to be this good. From Evan’s actions, it seems like he didn’t treat Zhao Hai as any other outsider.

This made it strange for those who didn’t know Zhao Hai’s true identity. They already heard that his relationship with Evan was good, but the two of them didn’t have that much contact. So how was it that the two of them were so familiar with each other?”

After the group entered the mansion, Zhao Hai noticed something different. At this time, Zhao Hai didn’t notice a lot of servants, instead there were a lot of warriors inside. All of these people were naturally the Purcell Family’s foreign elders, since the family was now in a crisis, it was their duty to come and support it.

When Evan arrived, he immediately greeted every person he came across, before long, the group arrived at the living room. After sitting down, a warrior came and offered them some tea. Evan wasn’t polite, he took the tea and drank it before he turned to Zhao Hai, “It’s fortunate that you came quickly. If you were a few days late, I’m afraid you won’t be able to help anymore. Those guys are too powerful, they have quite a lot of 8th ranks. But even if they didn’t seem to have a 9th rank expert, the ancestor gave word two days ago that the other side had quite a number of 9th ranks among them. If the ancestor came out this time, the other party would be forced to act.”






* * *


  












Chapter 431 – Another Reason

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also heard about this from the information Megan’s family had acquired. They said that the enemy wasn’t really trying to break into the city, they were waiting for me. Hehe. I think they wanted to get the both of us in one fell swoop.”

Evan frowned, he knew about the Calci Family, they were more formidable than his Purcell Family. Information obtained from such an established family would certainly be real, it seems like the siege’s aim this time was both him and Zhao Hai.

From the passing years, Evan has already shed some of his warrior parts. After hearing about this matter he knew that the enemy attacked him to pressure him to send Zhao Hai a letter asking for help. WIth this, they could eliminate Zhao Hai and him at the same time.

Thinking about this, Evan’s face couldn’t help but change. With an apologetic face, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I had been inconsiderate this time, I have involved you. How about this, I’ll go distract them while you leave Purcell Duchy immediately. I will also have some juniors of the family come with you. No matter what, the blood of the Purcell Family shouldn’t be extinguished.

Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he understood Evan’s words. He smiled faintly and said, “Escape? Why must I escape? This time, not only would I not run away, I have also brought my Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon War Banner. This time, I will make the people on the continent know that my Buda Clan hasn’t fallen yet, and that we have re-emerged.”

Just after he said that, a loud ‘Bang’ was heard. Zhao Hai turned and saw Ruyen standing in front of the living room door. His words made her drop the pot of tea she was holding to the ground.

Ruyen has heard that Zhao Hai come. This time, when Zhao Hai appeared, she knew that he was a genuine friend of the Purcell Family. Adding on to the fact that she was under the care of Zhao Hai when she was returning from Rosen Empire, Ruyen wanted to express her gratitude to him. Therefore, she had a servant hand over a pot of tea since she wanted serve Evan and Zhao Hai a cup. But she didn’t think that when she arrived in front of the door, she heard Zhao Hai just as he delivered his speech. From what she got, Zhao Hai was actually a person of the Buda Clan. Zhao Hai had already revealed his identity, he was actually her former fiancee, Adam Buda!

When Evan and Zhao Hai turned their heads and saw Ruyen, Evan’s face couldn’t help but sink, he





said. “You came? Come over and greet Little Hai.”

Zhao Hai stood up and gazed calmy at Ruyen, then he gave a bow and said, “Miss Ruyen seems well. Zhao Hai gives his greetings to Miss Ruyen.”

Looking at Zhao Hai, Ruyen used all of her courage and asked, “Your surname is Buda? Are you Adam?”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “I am indeed surnamed Buda. Adam was my former name, I go by the name of Zhao Hai now.”

Ruyen felt that she didn’t have the face to see Zhao Hai, she covered her face and turned around to run. At the same time, while she was getting farther away, the sound of weeping can be heard.[1]

Seeing this development, Zhao Hai was left not knowing what to do. He really didn’t expect this to happen, at this time Evan talked, “Well, let’s just leave her to herself. Little Hai, did you really bring the Wild Dragon Banner? Little Hai, listen to me, you must escape, 9th rank experts aren’t people you can deal with.”

Zhao Hai just smiled faintly and replied, “What’s great about 9th rank experts? Rest assured, even if the other party sends 9th ranks, I can deal with them, no problem. Let’s rest first, tomorrow, I’ll go with you to the walls and declare that the Buda Clan has come back.”

Evan looked at Zhao Hai’s face and sighed, he didn’t know what else to say. He just gave a nod and said, “Alright, go rest for this evening, we’ll head to the walls tomorrow.” After looking at the situation from the wall tomorrow, he believed that Zhao Hai would know the enormity of the situation. At that time, he would try to persuade Zhao Hai to escape again, he believed that Zhao Hai would agree.

Evan didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be so strong. He thought that Zhao Hai would look at the attackers and decide that battling them wasn’t possible. As long as Zhao Hai can be persuaded, Evan can have the young generation join him in retreat.

While Evan was dwelling on the scenarios on his mind, Zhao Hai turned his head to Laura and Megan and then smiled, “Tomorrow, I’ll head to the walls to take a look. Then I’ll go dispatch the troops to deal with them. Let’s see what other plans they have. The two of you should head to the Space and look at the situation in the monitor, just in case they other party sends 9th ranks after me. Don’t come out.”

Laura nodded, “Alright, we’ll just look at your actions there. But Brother Hai, this time, shouldn’t you invite Grandpa Green? This time, our reappearance in the continent would be a key moment of the Buda Clan, Grandpa





Grandpa Green should be present right?”

Zhao Hai though for a moment and said, “That would be good. Let’s go invite Grandpa Green.” Then the group immediately want to Iron Mountain Fort to tell Green about this matter.

Green immediately agreed and also proposed to include Merine as well, Zhao Hai agreed. In the same day, Green and Merine went to the Space. While Zhao Hai’s group was resting in the Space, Green and Merine wasn’t, they had been waiting for this day for quite a long time. And since it was just around the corner, the two were too excited to fall asleep.

The next morning, after Zhao Hai and the others woke up, they immediately went out of the Space. Green and Merine didn’t eat their meals inside the Space, they knew that Evan would certainly ask them to eat with him.

Sure enough, not long after they reappeared in the mansion, Evan sent someone to invite Zhao Hai and the others. Zhao Hai immediately led Green and the others to exit from the courtyard.

When they came out, the servants couldn’t help but stare at Zhao Hai’s group. This was because of the two additions, Green and Merine. The servants certainly didn’t misremember the faces on the group. However, they knew that they didn’t have anything to do with it so they just welcomed Zhao Hai to the dining room.

When they arrived at the dining hall, Evan couldn’t help but stare blankly. Naturally, he knew Green and Merine, he just didn’t think that they would be appearing here today.

Evan immediately went forward with haste, he respectfully gave a salute and said, “Uncle Green, Aunt Merine, when did you two arrive? I was just about to ask Little Hai as to why the two of you aren’t present. I was afraid that the two of you are too busy, I didn’t expect to see the two of you today, this is fantastic!”

Green gave a faint smile while giving Evan a small bow, “Young Master Evan, without your help, our Buda Clan may not have survived this long. Let this old man express his gratitude in behalf of the Clan.”

Evan quickly replied, “Uncle Green, I wouldn’t dare accept your bow, do you want to shorten my longevity? Let’s not talk about this anymore, come and sit with me. I’ve already prepared the meal, moreover I have something to tell the two of you.” Then Evan led the group inside the room.


Evan’s arguments were very solid, Green and Merine understood where Evan was getting at. In all honesty, if they didn’t have their current capabilities, Green and Merine would surely follow what Evan suggested. But this time, their Clan’s strength was more than enough to deal with the enemies.

Thus, Green looked at





looked at Evan with a faint smile, “Young Master Evan, you can rest assured. This time, me and Merine didn’t come because we want the Young Master to leave, but to witness the Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon Banner fluttering again. Don’t worry, dealing with four 9th ranks aren’t a problem, the 200 thousand troops aren’t as well. This time, we’re here to let the continent know about our return, as well as make those who plan to offend us shudder at the mention of the Buda Clan.”

Evan looked at Green, he didn’t think those words would come from Green, he replied, “Uncle Green, this is a 9th rank expert! 9th rank!”

Green smiled, “I know, rest assured, as long as they send four 9th ranks or less, you won’t even need to send Senior Origin Sword Saint. Those 8th ranks are nothing as well. Right, no need to talk about these right now, we’ll eat first. After eating we’ll head towards the city wall to take a look.”

When Evan looked at Green and Merine’s confident appearance, he couldn’t help but calm down. He knew that the two weren’t impulsive people. Their initial purpose was to protect Zhao Hai’s poor life, protect the Buda Clan, and because of this, they even regarded Zhao Hia’s life with more importance than their own. Therefore, how could they allow Zhao Hai to take such a risk? For them to agree with Zhao Hai’s action, that mean that they were fully confident this time.

Thinking about this, Evan’s heart couldn’t help but loosen. But he also felt confusion, he knew clearly that the strongest experts of the Buda Clan were Green and Merine. Although they were formidable themselves, they weren’t 9th rank experts. But the enemy has 9th rank experts, maybe even four 9th rank experts. Can they contend with them? Did they get the support of another 9th rank? But that couldn’t be it, a single 9th rank cannot go against four. In the end, what were the cards of the Buda Clan?


Evan invited Zhao Hai’s group for breakfast today, however, he didn’t include his family. He knew that the people in the Purcell family weren’t very much in Zhao Hai’s good books. When the Buda Clan had lost their home, those people didn’t give the clan any face. Meeting them right now would be very embarrassing.

After eating their meal, the group was led by Evan to walk towards the City Wall. Casa City was now on a state of Martial Law, there weren’t any commoners seen walking around the city, instead, groups of warriors were seen patrolling the streets.

But the garrison troops of Casa City weren’t a lot, all in all they just numbered 20 thousand people. They were initially sent in order

sent in order to protect the Grand Duke’s Mansion. The majority of the Purcell Family’s forces were in Iron Mountain Fortress, guarding the Duchy from the Beastman raids. With most of their troops there, the troops inside Casa City weren’t that much. If not for Casa City’s walls being thick, then they feared that the city may have already fallen.

When Zhao Hai and the others got up on the city wall, they saw that some of its parts were damaged. From those damages, one can see that the source was magic, while some were from magical cannons as well as ballistas.

Stood on the walls were the garrison troops. The troops were composed of the Purcell Family’s elites. If not for them, Casa City wouldn’t have stood to this day.

Zhao Hai gazed outwards, at this time, the entire city was completely encircled by something, probably the doing of Earth Mages. Outside the City, numerous depressions were seen on the ground, probably placed there in order to stop cavalry charges coming from Casa City. It really seems like they really want to place Evan’s family in dire straits.

After looking at the situation outside the city, Zhao Hai turned his head to Evan and said, “Uncle Evan, it has been some time since those people started to besiege the city, did you really not have any reinforcements?”

Evan smiled bitterly, “How could it be impossible to have reinforcements? But in the end those troops were rendered useless. In addition to the 100 thousand troops laying siege here, there was another 100 thousand who were actively blocking off all the reinforcements. In addition to our reinforcements, the noble families that we have good relations with were suppressed by the empire. They simply couldn’t come and help us, we’re really at a loss at this time.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Boris’ preparation this time is indeed very adequate. When he attacked Ruyen last time, I should have already been mindful, I just didn’t think that he would attack the Purcell Family immediately. Upon further consideration, the Purcell Family really didn’t have any enmity with him, moreover, the family is an established noble clan, nobody would dare go this hard on you. I actually didn’t expect that someone would be this brazen, they were ruthless as well, to think that they are thinking about extinguishing the family.”

Evan shook his head while forcing a smile, “This time’s matter shouldn’t all be because of you. Moreover, our Purcell Family didn’t buy Boris’ purpose. Looking at Boris’ recent actions, it seems like he wanted to act against some nobles for quite some time. His goals just seemed to coincide with this matter, therefore, he decided to begin with me.”






* * *


  












Chapter 432 – Attack

Zhao Hai wasn’t aware that there would be such a thing. He looked at Evan and said, “I didn’t expect that there was such a matter inside Boris’ mind. It’s fine, we’ll be cleaning up today. I think Boris would think twice if he wanted to repeat today’s matter.”

Then he turned to walk down from the city wall along with Evan and the others. Upon arriving down, Zhao Hai immediately let Alien out. Then he quickly place the Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon War Banner that was already installed into a pole on top of Alien’s back. After that, he made Green and Merine center inside Alien’s body. Evan looked at this scene and couldn’t help but come with them. Zhao Hai didn’t block him, he allowed Evan to enter the space inside Alien’s body.[1]

After the group sat at the upper floor, they prepared themselves for tea. When Zhao Hai sat down, he turned to Evan and said, “Uncle Evan, make them open the gate, then leave the rest to us.”

Evan turned to look at Green and Merine, when he saw that they were still calm, he didn’t object. He immediately relayed his orders to a guard. When Evan entered Alien, he took with him two guards. Evan was a Grand Duke, how could he not bring with him two assistants?

Soon after the guard left, the city’s gate was opened. Then Zhao Hai headed out of the city. When the enemies saw this scene, they immediately formed their lines and waited.

Those who laid siege to Casa City had no idea that Zhao Hai arrived. But they knew about the Cavalry units of the Purcell Family. These elite troops regularly clashed with the beastmen cavalries, how could their fighting prowess be low? It was because of this that they deliberately made ditches outside the gate, to prevent the cavalry to fully utilize the might of their charge.

However, it seems like they were mistaken this time. As they prepared to meet the cavalry of the Purcell Family, what they saw coming out of the city gate was a very large undead instead. The undead’s body was 20 meters long, with a





height of about 10 meters, it had a dark green skeleton, and it was covered with spikes. It looked extremely terrifying.

And on the undead’s body, a banner was seen fluttering with the wind. The banner had a blood red surface, along with an embroidery of a threatening dragon. The banner may have some damages here and there, but it only increased its killing aura. For those who were experienced, they knew that this was a War Banner!

The mercenaries outside were stunned. They never thought that what came out this time would be an undead creature. At this moment, the leader of this troop immediately thought of another reason for their attack this time, isn’t it because of a Dark Mage?

He immediately issued an order loudly, the troops behind him quickly became more compact. The men and horses of the front line were also getting prepared to meet Zhao Hai.

At the same time, the leader also invited the Mages. They knew that Zhao Hai was a Dark Mage. The best way to deal with a Mage was another Mage. In dealing with Zhao Hai and the Purcell Duchy, the brought more than 50 Mages.

The Mages were specifically tasked to deal with Zhao Hai as well as act as mobile turrets. Therefore, most of the time, they were inside the camps and were only called out this time. Usually, soldiers were the ones doing the attacking, using magic cannons as well as ballistas.

Under the gazes of them as well as the garrison troops, the undead creature just slowly stepped over the ditches that were previously dug out. Although the ditches were quite wide, they weren’t enough to stop a large being such as Alien. Before long, Alien had already passed over several obstacles.

The troop leader decided that it was still not time to attack the undead. He wanted to wait for the Mages from the camp to arrive before dealing with Alien. Thus, he made his troops standy by and wait for a while.

But it was a mistake to give Zhao Hai this much time for preparations. While he went over the ditches, he didn’t immediately take action, he wanted the other party to





to be clueless as to what he wanted to do.

At this moment, with Zhao Hai’s intention, a battalion of undead cavalry appeared. These undead were all Beastmen. All of them were tall and were sitting on their own mounts along with huge maces on their hands. Just by looking at their appearance, one could see how terrifying they are.

Zhao Hai released 10 thousand cavalry this time. The group immediately covered the surrounding area. Although this number isn’t that large, the 100 thousand enemy troops were divided. The enemy troops’ 100 thousand soldiers aren’t enough to surround the city, so they only deeply guarded the city’s four gates.

This way, the armies on each gate numbered about twenty thousand each. With their losses these past few days, the estimation of 20 thousand was quite correct.

While the enemies were still silly from seeing the undead cavalry and were quite confused about how they would handle this, a sudden sound was heard coming out from Alien’s mouth. The sound issued a declaration, “With the Wild Dragon Banner as the witness, show them who is invincible! Kill!”

This sound naturally came from Zhao Hai. This was Alien’s recently acquired ability. As long as Zhao Hai is inside Alien’s body, his voices could pass along Alien’s mouth with an increased volume, much like how a loudspeaker worked.

After Zhao Hai gave his words, the Beastmen undead cavalry immediately help their weapons up as they charged towards the mercenary soldiers.

In Ark Continent, there were almost no other race that was able to block a Beastman’s charge head on. Their charges were too sharp, any other army wasn’t a match.

And in order to deal with the Purcell Family, all these soldiers were disguised as mercenaries. They didn’t have their standard issue armor in order to curb the Purcell Family’s suspicions, neither did they have any cavalry. With the only armor they were wearing being light armor, they could be classified as light infantry. For them to block a Beastman charge in their current state was akin to them looking for death.

Ten thousand undead Beastman cavalry began to charge towards the mercenary-dressed soldiers. With these scene, the soldier lines immediately became a mess. They





mess. They were all quite experienced, naturally they knew the power behind a Beastman charge, and they also knew that an undead charge wasn’t any less powerful, they certainly didn’t want to be on the receiving end of such an impact.

However, their troop leader was quite tenacious as he didn’t issue any order for retreat. Because of this the soldiers had no other choice than to stay put. To be honest, the troop leader was quite hopeful, he knew that the level of an undead under a general Dark Mage wasn’t that powerful. Their fighting strength shouldn’t be that strong, so even if their appearances were quite scary, they might not be very terrifying in battle. Upon seeing Zhao Hai release these many undead, the troop leader was quite sure that they wouldn’t be too strong, thus he believed that they would be able to block this charge.

But before long, it was quite obvious that he was mistaken. Zhao Hai’s undead creatures were very capable and were unable to be stopped. Even if they aim specifically for the heavy armor cavalry, they still weren’t able to stop them, much less the light cavalry mixed in.

When the undead cavalry’s formation clashed with the mercenaries, the troop leader immediately realized his blunder. These Beastmen undead were too strong, maybe even stronger than a true Beastman. Their soldiers simply weren’t able to resist them, with just a single glance, one could see the mercenaries’ formation completely devastated.

Zhao Hai was not idle at this time. He sat inside Alien as it followed behind the undead charge. He gazed at the scene. After all, every mercenary that dared approach him were immediately destroyed by Alien.

Evan was also inside Alien staring blankly at what is happening outside. He never imagined Zhao Hai’s undead to be this strong. They were too strong that when they met the infantry, the latter were immediately ruined. Their charge was the visual form of the word ‘unstoppable’.

After Zhao Hai destroyed the enemy’s formation, he didn’t stop, he directly rushed towards the enemy camp on the other side. Moreover, Zhao Hai was also continually releasing Dark Magic, turning all those who had been killed into undead.

killed into undead. The dead soldiers immediately rose up and began to chase the other soldiers who were escaping.

These people were very terrified, seeing their former allies rise up again and chase them with their weapons was a scene that would induce panic.

The soldiers getting killed by the Beastman cavalry were getting more and more numerous. The new undead also kept increasing. Aside from the initial Beastman undead that Zhao Hai released, they now had more than 2 thousand additional undead from those mercenary soldiers that died.

At this time, the enemy Mages also began to respond. Lines of magic went flying towards the undead, some of them even headed straight for Alien.

Zhao Hai simply didn’t care about any of these. He just sat inside Alien and continued to leisurely drink his tea. These magic attacks heading towards Alien were like small irritating itches. They didn’t have any effect on the undead.

This made the Mages very embarrassed, not only could they not deal with this huge magic beast, their spells towards the undead Beastmen Cavalry were also very useless.

The 8th rank experts on the camps saw this situation and immediately went out. In their view, even if these undead Beastmen were quite strong, if they have some 5th or 6th ranks, then they could already be good. They thought that if they give enough effort, they could exterminate all of the undead as well as Zhao Hai.

However, just like those before them, they were very mistaken. The undead were quite strong, to the point that each of the undead could contend with each one of the mages. If two undeads were to fight them, then they would certainly be defeated. If they were attacked by more, they would surely die.

This made the 8th rank experts feel blank inside, they didn’t think that they would meet this situation. What kind of undead were these? How could they be this powerful?

Since the mages cannot block the undead cavalry, the undead immediately crashed into their camp. The undead immediately chased down all the mercenaries as well as their servants. Most importantly, they focused their attacks on the Mages.






* * *


  












Chapter 433 – Might of the Undead

By this time, the people who sieged Casa City were now in a mess. Nobody can block Zhao Hai’s advances. Only those Advanced Mages could help themselves in order to escape. Any Mages with a rank lower were killed immediately, then were turned into undead. After which they immediately began casting magic in order to attack other mercenary soldiers.

The people’s minds were submerged in confusion. Due to the suppression of Dark Mages these years, most armies didn’t have any Dark Mages, this was especially true for Aksu Empire. This made them forget the fact that the most terrifying place to meet a Dark Mage was in a battlefield.

The reason for this was because the battlefield provided them with more than enough resources to raise undead anytime. Even if those undead couldn’t compare to Zhao Hai’s, the pressure they could give people were still very huge. This made people give Dark Mages another nickname while they are on the battlefield, they were called Death Gods.

Because there hadn’t been any major wards in the continent, and adding on to the suppression of Dark Mages, the soldiers present hadn’t met a practitioner of Dark Magic. So once they encountered Zhao Hai, they dissolved into panic.

Evan looked at the undead who were chasing the mercenaries outside and was completely dumbfounded. He had seen Zhao Hai before, and he has also seen Adam. The last time they met, he felt that Zhao Hai has let go of his playboy attitude. He became more sensible, more fierce. But when he saw the current Zhao Hai who was just leisurely drinking tea, Evan was terrified.

He thought that it was scary. Evan was a warrior, and as a warrior he had seen killings. And even if he became a Grand Duke he had also witnessed a ton of cruel and merciless people. But he hadn’t met people like Zhao Hai who didn’t even flinch upon seeing this much undead killing people. One could see why, upon seeing Zhao Hai right now, Evan felt fear.

Massacring people without emotion was something a lot of people can achieve. But Zhao Hai was different.





While looking at the battle outside, he still drank his tea inside Alien, at the same time, his other hand was continually casting Magic, turning more people into undead and making those new undead kill more people. While all of this is happening, he was still drinking tea, such a person was terrifying.

Evan felt like Zhao Hai wasn’t the Adam that he knew. To him, Zhao Hai has become cold blooded. Evan felt strange, he felt mortified.

Zhao Hai had noted Evan’s expression, he understood what he was thinking. He placed his cup down and looked at Evan, “Does Uncle Evan think I was too ruthless? Too cold-blooded?”

Evan looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Little Hai, I know that the Buda Clan’s situation had forced you to undergo such a huge change. But you must know that plenty of these people are also innocent. It should be enough if we were to repel them.”

Zhao Hai stared at Evan and sighed, “Uncle Evan, do you think that I want it to be like this? But even if I didn’t, they are still our enemies. You see them right now as pitiful, but haven’t you thought? If we didn’t have enough strength, they will be pursuing us like ghosts. When the time comes, neither me nor the Purcell Family would exist, we would be completely destroyed by them. Do you think that at that moment they would let us off because of their tender hearts?”

Evan naturally understood this. If both armies fight, there was little space for pity. But this time, it was undead killing living people. This scenario made him feel terrible, if he were there, it would feel like was being betrayed.

Actually, it wasn’t only Evan who had this sentiment, majority of the people in the continent share this view as well. Otherwise, Dark Mages wouldn’t become the most hated profession, they didn’t even consider that Dark Mages can minimize their losses in the battlefield. Dark Mages would use anything to attack the enemy. For them, attacking the enemy with a blade or an undead was the same. In the end, they could get the job done.

Green, who had also





also become numb to the scene, coldly snorted and said, “What’s wrong? Do you prefer sending your subordinates to deal with the enemies rather than the undead? It seems like you have been poisoned by the Radiant Church as well.”

Evan, upon hearing Green, became embarrassed. There was no way for him to disrespect Green. Because of his position in the Buda Clan, Evan also regarded Green as an elder. Thus, he can’t do anything but listen to Green’s words.

At this time, the troops on the other gates were also made aware of the situation and sent some reinforcements. However, the reinforcements had no way to deal with the undead. The situation remained the same, the undead were still slaughtering their way along the enemy lines.

The 100 thousand who laid siege on the city were flustered. They immediately gathered their men and started to surround Zhao Hai. But Zhao Hai seemed to not care, he still commanded the undead to continue the slaughter.

If one were to look down from the sky, the battlefield displayed a strange image. A group of mercenaries were surrounding an Undead Creature in the middle, looking like to extinguish whoever was in the middle.

But if you look at it carefully, those who were wearing mercenary clothes were constantly falling. And when they get killed, they were immediately wrapped with a dark mist and then became an undead creature. After which they got up and then attacked their fellow mercenaries.

The fighting continued on for the entire morning. Finally, the mercenaries couldn’t hold long and chose to withdraw. They didn’t dare continue to attack Zhao Hai since they were constantly getting killed. In the end, those who were killed numbered between 30 thousand to 40 thousand people. Their losses were too great.

What made them very confused was that even if those undead were powerful, it was still impossible for them to suffer losses along these numbers. Some of them only suffered an injury and then died soon afterwards. Later on, they discovered that the weapons of the undead were all coated with poison. As long as they were wounded by the weapon, even if only a little, they would





they would die in a short while.

The mercenaries were too ill prepared in a scenario where they would retreat. They expected that they would only retreat if the matter had already been dealt with. Because of this, Zhao Hai’s creatures continually hounded them from behind. Unlike them, the undead didn’t know the meaning of exhaustion.

One side is infantry, while the other is cavalry, their disparity in speed was very huge. But since they had the numbers, some were able to escape safely. In the end, 50 thousand mercenaries were saved.

The chase lasted until the afternoon, and Zhao Hai had obtained another 50 thousand additional undead. After the even, the group returned to Casa City. And after eating, Zhao Hai’s group returned to the place Evan arranged for them to rest in.

However, Evan was unable to sleep that night. Zhao Hai’s performance shook him to his core. Not only was he startled by how Zhao Hai handled life and death, he was also shocked by how powerful Zhao Hai’s undead were.

It was now that Evan understood why Zhao Hai was able to survive after all those powers sent people to deal with him. By what Zhao Hai has shown today, it would be strange if those assailants survived.

At the same time, Evan also had to acknowledge the strength of a Dark Mage. He truly didn’t pay any attention to the profession before, this was because of the continent’s constant suppression of them. This was even more true in Aksu Empire, because of the collusion between Boris and the Radiant Church, the suppression of the Dark Mages had reached another level. From a young age, children were already hearing bad things about Dark Mages. This idea bore into the minds of the people and made them feel disgust towards those who practice Dark Magic.

This was precisely the reason why when Zhao Hai resided in Stony Mountain, he immediately sent people to deal with him. This was also the reason why there were no Dark Mages among the Purcell Family’s forces.

But after watching Zhao Hai’s might today, Evan felt regret. He knew that casualties are greatest during the initial collision between two armies. And

two armies. And during the skirmish, there would also be losses here and there. If a Dark Mage was present, they could drastically reduce the losses they suffered in the battlefield.

As soon as his thought reached that point, Evan was completely regretful for not having a Dark Mage in his army. But it was now too late, there weren’t a lot of Dark Mages in the continent, and those people weren’t very trustful towards nobles. Recruiting Dark Mages during this time was close to impossible.

At this time, Zhao Hai was inside the Space. Green and Merine were inside as well. Green was very happy that his face turned red. He was really excited, they finally had shown their might. The Wild Dragon Banner had flown once again and achieved an overwhelming victory.

When Zhao Hai looked at Green’s appearance, he smiled faintly and said, “Grandpa Green, I think you should return to Iron Mountain fort tomorrow. The matter in Casa City will be resolved in around two days or so. The enemies cannot block our undead, so their 9th ranks should be making their move. Not just you, even I might need to retreat to the Space. The battle would be handed over to Cai’er and Zhao Wen.[1]

Green thought for a moment before he nodded, “Alright, we’ll return to Iron Mountain Fort tomorrow. My desire had already been realized. But Young Master, you should take care of yourself. If the opposite party sends 9th ranks tomorrow, immediately hide inside the Space. Moreover, I’m afraid that the Radiant Church would also make their move. Their main target this time is you and you cannot suffer an accident.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “Rest assured, if something happens, I’ll immediately hide in the Space. Let’s see how they handle me then. But what you said is right, the Radiant Church had been quiet all this time. I’m afraid that when they receive the news about my identity, they will send people to Iron Mountain Fort. So it’s best for you to return.”

Green didn’t disagree and just nodded.






* * *


  












Chapter 434 – The Thoughts of Origin Sword Saint

What Zhao Hai didn’t know was that the moment they returned to Casa City, their actions were under Origin Sword Saint’s attention.

A 9th rank expert can feel everything around them by using Mental Power. With Zhao Hai’s performance today, it was natural for the Origin Sword Saint to take note of him.

To be exact, these days, the entire Casa City was under Origin Sword Saint’s constant monitoring. After all, he was someone from the Purcell Family, he didn’t want an accident to happen to the family.

Zhao Hai’s arrival made him very curious. He had been continually paying attention to Casa City, but he didn’t notice Zhao Hai’s group entering its vicinity. Similarly, had no explanation as to how Green appeared while Zhao Hai and the others were resting.

For a 9th rank expert, this matter was very baffling. He always felt that Zhao Hai was disappearing every time he enters his courtyard, it was impossible for him to know what they were doing. Most importantly, in the daytime, he can feel every single person in the city except for Zhao Hai’s group. It seems like Zhao Hai was made of air, he couldn’t sense anything from him, it felt very strange.

So this evening, Origin Sword Saint went to Zhao Hai’s courtyard to check things out. But even in this proximity, he still couldn’t sense anything. It seems like Zhao Hai disappeared from existence.

This made Origin Sword Saint very puzzled. In the end, when he saw that the place’s lamp was not lit up, he came out of hiding and went to the courtyard. He saw nobody, not a single person was present.

Seeing this scene, Origin Sword Saint couldn’t help but stare blankly. Then his complexion changed, then he thought of a possibility. It may be that Zhao Hai had someone with a formidable Spatial Divergent Ability, or he has a Space Mage.

In the continent, Space Mages were very rare. However, among the people who have Divergent Abilities, those who had abilities related to space were quite a lot. This may have been some sort of balance set by the world.

One has to recognize that among all Mages, Space Mages were the hardest to deal with. And among Divergent Abilities, Space related ones gave you the most headache. Therefore, when Origin Sword Saint noticed that Zhao Hai disappeared, he immediately thought of about a Spatial Divergent Ability. Besides that, he cannot think of any other reason as to how a group of people can silently disappear from the courtyard.

Origin Sword Saint stood for a while in the courtyard, then with an intention he immediately flashed away and appeared in front of Evan’s door. Then with a serious tone, Origin Sword Saint said, “Evan, come out.”

Evan





wasn’t asleep, but with his current strength, there was no way for him to sense Origin Sword Saint’s presence. Therefore, when he heard those word, he immediately knew who came. He immediately got up from his bed, and wore his nightly robes.

Evan saw Origin Sword Saint when he went out of his house. He gave a bow and said, “Ancestor, what are your orders?”

Origin Sword Saint looked at Evan and said, “This Zhao Hai, I know about him. In the past, I didn’t support helping his Buda Clan. But now, it seems like your decision is correct. If Zhao Hai doesn’t have a Divergent Spatial Ability, then he should have someone who does. Moreover, it seems like he had acquired a huge backing, otherwise his Water of Nothingness wouldn’t have been cured. In addition to those strong Undead, if he can invite some 9th ranks to his side, then he would be formidable. What’s most important was the fact that he is in-laws with the Calci Family. His current status cannot be underestimated anymore. No matter what, you should maintain our Purcell Family’s good relation with him. Right, didn’t we have an engagement arranged with him before? You should carry out that agreement.”

Evan’s expression couldn’t help but express his pain. He knew that if he had the power before, the engagement wouldn’t have been cancelled. At this point, Zhao Hai already had three beautiful fiancees. In this case, how could he possibly look for another? [1]

Evan cannot accomplish these requests, he had no other choice but tell Origin Sword Saint about what happened. Upon listening to Evan, Origin Sword Saint frowned and said, “It seems like this matter isn’t easy. But it doesn’t matter, he can get married to another girl asid from Ruyen. Don’t we have some marriageable women in the Purcell Family? We can just change the girl we send.”

Evan gave a forced smile, “Ancestor might not know, but Zhao Hai is a very proud person. Moreover, I’ve asked his fiance’s and they said that there was no way for him to be with someone if the both of them didn’t have any sentiment towards each other. I’m very sure he won’t agree and oppose if we provide a marriage candidate.”

Origin Sword Saint nodded, “Alright, I really don’t care much about these things. No matter what, for the good of the Purcell Family, I’ve already told you about Zhao Hai’s strength. Make sure to handle this matter carefully. Also, pay attention to any potions that could enhance someone’s strength. Ever since we lost Buffy, the Purcell Family badly needs another 9th rank expert. I alone cannot provide all of the family’s security.”

Evan stared for a moment and then replied, “Ancestor, rest assured. If there’s anything you need, feel free to





to approach me.”

Origin Sword Saint looked at Evan and sighed, “It would be great if it was you who breaks through to 9th rank. But you have to take care of the family’s affairs, your attention would be divided. You should go find another person with enough talent to become a 9th rank to serve the family.”

Evan nodded, “Yes, Ancestor, be relieved.”

Origin Sword Saint nodded, “You must remember, for a Clan to survive, it needs a 9th rank expert. I suspect this Zhao Hai already had the support of a 9th rank expert, otherwise he wouldn’t be so unyielding. A 9th rank expert can guarantee a family’s survival for a hundred years. If I didn’t exist, all of those who has bad intentions towards our Purcell Family would’ve already gone to exterminate us. Therefore, you must go and find a candidate as soon as possible.”

Evan nodded, then Origin Sword Saint’s body flashed before he disappeared. Seeing that the ancestor has gone, Evan sighed. He didn’t expect the Origin Sword Saint to place this much importance to Zhao Hai. He actually made a special trip to Evan for such matter.

Evan couldn’t help but sigh, he didn’t need the ancestor to remind him that Zhao Hai was extraordinary.The re-emergence of the Buda Clan today would likely inform the entire continent that there was actually a cure to the Water of Nothingness.

One must know that the Water of Nothingness was something nobody has aside from the Radiant Church and the Great Clans. The Radiant Church uses this to deal with those wicked Dark Mages. Naturally, they also used these on other purposes that nobody knew, but they still claim that they at least used it for a “Righteous cause”.

But the Great Nobles in the continent have a lot of use for the Water of Nothingness. But its supply was scarce, moreover, there was no known antidote for it. This made this item a very terrifying thing for all experts in the continent.

And now, Zhao Hai appeared. Before, he had drank the Water of Nothingness, but now he was freely using magic. This represented the fact that he had a way to solve his toxin. This was a serious attack for both the Radiant Church as well as the Great Clans. This was akin to them losing their ultimate weapon.

Moreover, the strength that Zhao Hai has shown made them very startled. Adding on to his matter with the Calci family and his eventual engagement to Megan, most people were now paying attention to Zhao Hai. At this point, there wasn’t a person in the continent who dared to underestimate him.

The reason why Southern King Boris decided to attack Zhao Hai this time was not only because he was an exile of the Aksu Empire, someone who didn’t





who didn’t have any support from the Imperial Clan. Secondly, it was also because the Calci Family were enemies of the Radiant Church. Therefore, they didn’t have any hesitation in this time’s attack.

But no hesitation didn’t mean that there weren’t any disagreements. There a lot of people who were afraid of the Calci Family. Zhao Hai’s current fame wasn’t any worse than them.

In such a case, Evan didn’t know how to proceed with his relationship with Zhao Hai. Even if he worked as a Patriarch for a long time, he was still left with nothing to do this time.

In the past, Ruyen’s matter was handled by Caesar. That time, the Purcell Family were bent on severing their relationship with Zhao Hai. If it weren’t for this matter, Zhao Hai standing wouldn’t be like this. To Evan, he regarded Zhao Hai as his own nephew. He knew that if he wanted to further the family’s connection to Zhao Hai this time, their relationship might even deteriorate.

Evan sighed, then he turned back into his room. Although he couldn’t fall asleep, he still laid down on his bed with closed eyes. He needed rest, he still had a lot of things to do tomorrow.

Just like Zhao Hai, Evan also thought that since the other party’s army couldn’t deal with Casa City anymore, then they will certainly send their aces, the 9th rank experts.

Only with their 9th rank experts could they achieve victory in this war. What worried Evan right now was if Zhao Hai could really deal with the several 9th ranks that would be sent.

If Zhao Hai can deal with them, then that would be a good thing. But if he cannot, everything will turn for the worse. These thoughts kept circulating inside Evan’s mind over and over.

The next morning, Zhao Hai’s group appeared once again inside the courtyard. When they got up that morning, Cai’er told Zhao Hai that Origin Sword Saint had come to the courtyard yesterday to examine them. She also told Zhao Hai about the conversation between Evan and Origin Sword Saint.

Zhao Hai really didn’t think that this 9th rank Origin Sword Saint would pay any attention to him. But he had no plans of marrying into the Purcell Family. Just like what Evan said the last time, Ruyen was no longer worthy of Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn’t think about these things anymore. He had helped the Purcell Family mainly because the family had helped them before. Also, this was also a good opportunity to reveal the Wild Dragon banner of the Buda Clan. And another reason was because the Purcell Duchy’s position was right beside the Black Wasteland. The Purcell Family being here was a good thing for Zhao Hai. It was much better to have a friend as a neighbor

as a neighbor than an enemy.

When Zhao Hai and the others went to the dining room, Evan was already there. Evan was alone, he was just there to accompany Zhao Hai’s group.

When he saw Zhao Hai come without Green nor Merine, Evan stared, then he asked Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, where is Uncle Green and Aunt Merine?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “They had another thing to do so they left. In any case, we don’t need their help today. I think that the enemy’s 9th ranks would make their move this day.”

Evan nodded, “I thought so as well. Yesterday, a fourth of their army was killed off by you. Now, they have no way of surrounding the city as well as stopping the reinforcements. Today is the best time for those 9th ranks to take action, or else it would be too late.”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “I’ll be waiting for them. I hope that they won’t be too weak, otherwise I would be very disappointed.”

At this point, a voice was heard, “Boy, you’re extremely arrogant. Come and meet your death!”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he appeared outside in a flash as he looked at the sky and saw four figures flying there. Three of them wore a warrior’s garments while one wore a mage’s robe. And that robe was colored white.

Seeing the group appear, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Good, three Warriors as well as a 9th rank Light Mage. Very good, it seems like you really wanted to deal with the undead that I have.”

After Zhao Hai’s words, the Light Mage snorted and said, “Stop talking, you demonspawn. Your judgement day has come, accept the baptism of the light!”

Zhao Hai laughed, “What was that name you gave me? When did I become a demonspawn? You really dare to say that you can baptise the darkness? Then why does the night still exist? You are just deceiving yourself. People might think that you people are righteous, but that doesn’t apply to me. Today, if you want my life, then you need to show some real skills.”

When Zhao Hai saw that the three warriors seem to be escorting the 9th rank Light Mage, he instantly knew that these people were sent by the Radiant Church.

This made Zhao Hai lose all of his hesitation. For him, it was impossible to resolve his hatred for the Radiant Church. And it so happens that this time, not only could he exterminate some 9th ranks, he can even weaken the power of the church.

These people from the Radiant Church may not have known that the 9th rank expert they sent to the prairie was actually killed by Zhao Hai. Otherwise, they would have some reservations in attacking Zhao Hai this time.






* * *


  












Chapter 435 – Wealthy Twin Stars

When the Light Mage saw Zhao Hai’s calm appearance, he couldn’t help but snort, “Young man, you’re quite insolent. You must know that insolent people don’t live for too long.”

Before Zhao Hai could reply, an old voice was heard, “To dare come to my Purcell Family wand acting unruly, don’t you think you’re being too much? I really don’t know what gave you the courage, young man, but you shouldn’t be too insolent. You must know that insolent people don’t live for too long.”

Zhao Hai turned his head to see an old man standing behind him. The old man gave out a strong and majestic aura. Although his hair was white, when seeing him standing there, one could feel as though they saw a ferocious beast crouching, ready to pounce at any time.

When the Light Mage saw the old man, his face couldn’t help but change, “So it seems like the Origin Sword Saint has arrived. Hehe, Senior is already too old, are your old arms and legs still function?”

Origin Sword Saint showed a faint smile and said, “Even if I’m old, I still have the decency to be disciplined for years. Not like you young people, these past several days, constantly shouting about killing, but still acting charitable. For this old man, killing is killing, there’s no other pretense in it.”

Hearing Origin Sword Saint, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. This old man was really amusing. Expressing this satire towards the Radiant Church helped him vent some of this pent up thoughts.

When the Light Mage heard the old man, his face paled, he looked at Origin Sword Saint and said with a cold tone, “The Radiant God is omnipotent, the great Radiant God isn’t someone a worldly person like you can understand. With the Radiant God, one can enter eternal bliss. Otherwise, you would be subjected to the eternal torment of hell. For you to slander the Radiant God, you will certainly be punished.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “What qualifications did the Radiant God have to punish me? If he was indeed real, then if he knew what you people who bear his banner





were doing, then he would definitely punish you first.”

The Light Mage naturally treated Zhao Hai’s words as rubbish. He looked at both Zhao Hai and Origin Sword saint and then snorted, “Do you really want to contend with us with only the two of you? You’re really naive.” After that, there were two other people who appeared at the Light Mage’s side. The two men weren’t dressed as a Warrior or a Mage. Both of them wore normal clothes but were made of excellent quality materials. The two of them looked just like Big Merchants.

Zhao Hai was confused when he looked at the two persons. He already started practicing Battle Qi, but he didn’t feel any fluctuation from the bodies of the two people for both Magic and Battle Qi. This felt very strange.

Although feeling out 9th rank Warriors and Mages were very difficult. Zhao Hai can still feel them out using the Space. But these two people didn’t have anything on them.

At this time, Origin Sword Saint talked, “So you invited the Wealthy Twin Stars. Good good, you actually spent a lot of money to invite two famous Divergent Ability Users, doing so isn’t easy.”

Zhao Hai stared at the two people and then respectfully asked Origin Sword Saint, “Senior Sword Saint, did you say that the two of them are Divergent Ability Users? What type?”

Origin Sword Saint replied, “The Wealthy Twin Stars are famous in the continent for being Metal Divergent Ability Users. They are a pair of twin brothers, they love money as much as they love their own lives. They were initially merchants before they were deceived and lost all of their money. After that event, the both of them went ill. What they didn’t expect was that after they recovered, they actually developed Divergent Abilities. Both of them posses Metal Manipulation techniques, they could control anything metal under 100 jin. The two of them are also free assassins. If you pay them 100 jin of gold, they they would kill anybody in the continent, aside from a few notable people.”

Zhao Hai gawked, then he turned his head to Origin Sword Saint and said, “100 jin of gold





gold isn’t too much. It’s just 20 thousand gold coins. Such experts would actually kill people just for 20 thousand gold coins?”

Origin Sword Saint shook his head, “It’s 100 jin for each person, in other words, 40 thousand coins for inviting the two of them. Moreover, they love gold coins, all payments should be provided in gold coins. I really didn’t think that the Radiant Church would invite them this time. It seems like they really want to kill us today.”

When Origin Sword Saint finished speaking, one of the Wealthy Twin Stars said, “Senior Sword Saint really is formidable, you actually found out about us brothers. We brothers generally didn’t want to recklessly kill people, but the Radiant Church has offered us 400 thousand gold coins to deal with you, we just cannot refuse.”

Origin Sword Saint couldn’t help but stare, then his voice turned cold, “Four hundred thousand gold coins, the Radiant Church truly invested heavily this time.”

Origin Sword Saint didn’t mean that 400 thousand gold coins is a huge amount. In fact, for any established power in the continent, 400 thousand was nothing. But for a person to have 400 thousand gold coins on hand was something very rare. One had to know that people store their coins inside banks. They exchange these coins by handing over a crystal card that had its corresponding value. There was nobody who would carry around 400 thousand physical gold coins.

This was the problem with dealing with the Wealthy Twin Stars, they wanted physical gold coins for their commissions. They wouldn’t accept any other form or payment, Crystal Cards or so on. Because of this, not a lot of people can invite them, since withdrawing 200 jins worth of gold coin from the bank was a very troublesome thing to do.

Zhao Hai didn’t know of this, and he also didn’t care. He was only curious towards the Wealthy Twin Stars because of their Metal Manipulation Ability. Zhao Hai had the same ability, he wanted to see if he can learn something from the two of them,.

But Zhao Hai didn’t have the time to dwell on this since at this moment the Light Mage opened his





opened his mouth, “Enough with the idle talk, Begin!” Then he threw himself towards Zhao Hai.

With an intention, Zhao Hai made Zhao Wen appear in front of him. Then Zhao Wen transformed into a large mosquito before she fought with the Light Mage.

The Light Mage stared for a moment, but he immediately fought with Zhao Wen. At this time, the three Warriors threw themselves towards Zhao Hai as well. Origin Sword Saint, intended to block the three Warriors but he was blocked by the Wealthy Twin Stars.

At this point, nobody was blocking the three Warriors. For them, Zhao Hai was now like a fish on a chopping board, there was no escape.

But when they approached him, vines suddenly appeared on the back of Zhao Hai and curled towards them. The three warriors couldn’t help but stare slightly at Zhao Hai’s appearance. In the end, they didn’t give it much thought, they thought that Zhao Hai was one of those rare Plant Mages. But a Plant Mage’s fighting capabilities weren’t very strong. The vines were their most commonly used weapon, except in the forests, Plant Mages are pretty weak in any other place.

Moreover, their weapons can deal with Plant Mages. Metals were a Plans Mage’s worst enemy,

As they made their swords chop the vines off, they felt something strange. With their 9th rank strength they were confident in cutting those vines. But they didn’t think that the vines were actually very tough.

Their swords were basically incapable of cutting the vines. The vines took this opportunity to entangle their swords. And while the Warriors were stunned, the vines also engulfed their bodies. At this time, they felt that their bodies seem to be pricked by needles. Then they discovered that they didn’t have any strength anymore.

The one who attacked the three Warriors were naturally Cai’er. Cai’er was at the pinnacle of 9th rank. Otherwise, why would the other experts not dare approach Flower City. It was naturally because she had the strength to drive those experts away.

This strength was terrifying, clearly shown by how easily Cai’er managed to subdue three 9th rank Warriors. They were also injected with Cai’er’s poison, and that poison wasn’t a

poison wasn’t a joke. Before her evolution, her poison could already deal with other 9th ranks. But now, after being upgraded by the Space, they it was rare for a 9th rank to resist the toxin.

The captured 9th ranks were not far from death. If not for their strength and vitality, they would have already died.

After attacking the Warriors, Cai’er didn’t stop and continued on to deal with the Wealthy Twin Stars. Even if the two’s strength wasn’t that formidable, they were still able to place the Origin Sword Saint in a deadlock. Because of their Metal Divergent Ability as well as Origin Sword Saint’s minimal understanding of Divergent abilities, there was no way for their fight to end very soon.

But now with Cai’er’s help, the situation was much easier to deal with. Before long, the two were also engulfed by Cai’er. It was estimated that they would die much sooner than the three Warriors.

Now, the only remaining person was the Light Mage. The Light Mage was simply not a match for Zhao Wen. One must know that Zhao Wen was a 9th rank Magic Beast, not something a Human 9th rank can contend with. Adding on to her improvements by staying inside the Space, even if she wasn’t peak 9th rank, she could still contend against anything below that level. With the innate superiority of Magic Beasts over humans, Zhao Wen didn’t suffer a single loss from fighting with the Light Mage, she was even on the winning side.

The Light Mage also thought that things weren’t doing so well, so he was thinking about escaping. Zhao Hai knew what he wanted to do so he smiled and said, “Go try and run.” Then with his mind, he made Little Jin appear on Zhao Wen’s back.

Little Jin’s body was already transformed into his Large Ape form. One should know that Little Jin was very well gifted in strength. Even if he was an 8th rank, his fighting strength was on level with common 9th rank experts. Therefore, he released Little Jin to support Zhao Wen.

Little Jin already knew what was happening, so when he came out, he immediately pounced towards the Light Mage.





* * *


  












Chapter 436 – Level Up

Little Jin was now more like a Knight, but this knight didn’t use a weapon and instead used his own huge arms. And adding on his overbearing strength, the Light Mage became exhausted before long.

The Light Mage felt that the situation was becoming inconceivable. He didn’t know how Zhao Hai managed to get these Magic Beasts. One must know that 9th rank Magic Beasts are very difficult to come across. However, even if he only encountered one today, the other one not reaching 9th rank evident in how it was riding on the other one’s back, but both of its offensive and defensive strength were no less than a 9th ranks expert’s. This made the Light Mage very confused.

Although 9th rank Magic Beasts are stronger than 9th rand Human experts, 8th rank Magic Beasts were never as good as 9th rank Humans. Rank difference can never be compensated with racial traits. This fact was widely accepted by everyone on the continent.

But this understanding was shattered today because of this 8th rank Magic Beast in front of him that had the strength of a 9th rank. This was really inconceivable.

Origin Sword Saint had drawn back and didn’t participate in fighting the Light Mage. He already knew that the enemy had no chance of escaping. At the same time, he was also startled, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai actually had such aces up his sleeves.

At this moment, Little Jin gave a shout as his body emitted a magnificent golden light. Then he moved and left Zhao Wen’s back. His figure soared in the air as it directed an attack towards the Light Mage, and surprisingly breaking the former’s guard.

It was not only Origin Sword Saint and the others who were shocked, Zhao Hai was shocked as well. But before he wondered what made Little Jin break through this time, a prompt came from the Space, “Massive amount of metal element energy has been received. Upgrading the Space. Space may now produce metallic ores, 100 ton per day output. Compatibility between Host and Metal element energy detected, upgrading Host’s Metal Manipulation Ability. Host can now freely control 200 jin of metal. Compatibility with Little Jin and Metal





element energy detected, upgrading Little Jin’s strength and abilities. Space Ranch upgraded to Level 28, Space Farm upgraded to Level 35. Because of the Space’s promotion, monitor range increased to 15 thousand meters. Transmission Point quantity increased to 20. Because of the Metal element energy, plants in the Farm have evolved. Vines now have added metallic attributes, they are now more resistant to metal attacks.”[1]

Zhao Hai’s mind was blank upon listening to this. He didn’t think that he would gain so much from killing two Metal Ability users. The Farm actually levelled up to 35, while the Ranch rose to 28. Moreover, the Space can now produce metallic ores everyday. His metal manipulation has also increased. At the same time, Cai’er and Little Jin has also been upgraded, all of this seems too unbelievable.

However, Zhao Hai knew that the Space wouldn’t deceive him. If it said that it levelled up, then it certainly did level up. In other words, Zhao Hai’s strength has increased once again, this was a huge surprise.

While the Light Mage was stunned by the sudden appearance of the golden light, Zhao Wen made use of this opportunity to puncture its mouth into the body of the Light Mage. Before long, there was nothing left from the Light Mage aside from his skin and bones.

When Zhao Hai recovered, he immediately stopped Zhao Wen. Then he gave out a black gas before Little Jin and Zhao Wen vanished. At this point, they no longer have any opponents. Four 9th rank experts and two Metal Ability users actually died in less than a day.

Origin Sword Saint was blankly staring at all of this. He didn’t believe all of that just happened. One must know that a typical fight between 9th rank experts would take one or two months. Some special cases may even take 1 or 2 years. But now, the fight actually ended in less than a day. If Origin Sword Saint’s calculation was correct, then not even two hours had passed before the result was obtained The opposite party was totally exterminated, while Zhao Hai’s group was completely intact. This show of power was too astonishing.

Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to think about Origin Sword Saint’s





Saint’s feelings, he just turned to the old man and said, “Sir Sword Saint, now that the matter here has been settled. I’ll have to go down and deal with those mercenaries before they run away, at the very least expelling them from Purcell Duchy.”

Origin Sword Saint recovered, he was also reminded of the people outside. He immediately stood firm and looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, then I have to trouble mister.” Then his body vanished with a flash.

At this time, Laura and the others appeared by Zhao Hai’s side. Megan held Little Jin on her bosom. Megan looked very surprised at Little Jin, she didn’t think that the little ape could actually change into such a ferocious form.

The fight outside was naturally seen inside the Space. Megan didn’t expect that the Little Jin that she loved to hug was that strong.

Zhao Hai turned his head to Laura and said, “Laura, did you hear that? Sir Sword Saint just called me mister.”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “Sir Sword Saint calling you mister meant that he regards you as an equal. On the other hand, Brother Hai, I didn’t think that Little Jin and Cai’er would get stronger.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also didn’t think that Little Jin and Cai’er would be improved. Moreover, the Space levelled up as well. This is very good for us. And later on, the Multi-purpose Processing Machine wouldn’t be idle anymore. Since the Space can now produce metallic ores, we can make weapons from the machine.”

At this time, Shue suddenly knelt in front of Zhao Hai and with a serious voice he said, “Young Master, Shue has some words to say.”

Zhao Hai stared at Shue and said, “Get up, you can tell me while standing up.

But Shue didn’t listen, he kowtowed instead and said, “Young Master, Shue has always been disappointed with this world, but ever since Young Master has taken me in, you didn’t make me feel like an outsider. For this, Shue is very thankful to the Young Master. Shue has seen that after you absorbed the two ability holders, the Space levellup up. Young Master, Shue proposes that you kill me and make the Space absorb my ability. This way,





This way, the Space would level up again.”

Zhao Hai, Laura and the others stared blankly, then their faces changed. They didn’t think that Shue would have such thoughts. Zhao Hai replied with a flat tone, “Who told you that the Space levelled up after absorbing two Divergent Abilities?”

Shue replied, “This is Shue’s calculation. The Young Master has had a lot of undead, some of them are Mages, some of them Warriors. But those people wasn’t able to make the Space level up. Only those two Divergent Ability users managed to upgrade the Space. Moreover, it raised by five levels. Young Master, Shue thinks that as long as the Space absorbs Divergent Abilities, then it would get upgraded. This Shue doesn’t have any more aspirations in life, I only hope that I could help Young Master. If Shue’s ability gets absorbed into the Space, then it would certainly level up. This can be a great help to Young Master.”

Zhao Hai looked at Shue, then all of a sudden Shue’s mouth was knocked down as he fell to the ground. The slap made use of all of Zhao Hai’s strength. Shue’s face was swollen, one or two teeth might have been broken.

Zhao Hai looked at Shue and said, “This palm should have told you that your life is mine. I do what I want with it, it’s not for you to decide. What do you think your master sees you? A Magic Beast? I want to upgrade the Space, but not to the point of killing my own people. Remember this, if you dare say this again in the future, then I will have to drive you away. Now go back to my side and protect me.”

Although Shue fell to the ground, he immediately got up again. When he heard Zhao Hai’s words, he didn’t say anything and just returned to his young master’s side. This time, Shue has truly regarded Zhao Hai as his Master. If Zhao Hai were to tell him to commit suicide, he wouldn’t hesitate to do so.

At this time, sets of footsteps could be heard as Evan led some of his subordinates. When the 9th ranks came, Evan really wanted to assist Zhao Hai. But he was already delegated

was already delegated by Origin Sword Saint to look after his own family members. This was the reason why he only managed to arrive after those 9th ranks have been dealt with.

When Evan saw Zhao Hai, he seemed to have a complicated look in his eyes. But he immediately laughed and said, “Little Hai, you really are greater than you let off. With the Buda Clan under your care, glory would be flooding in. You shouldn’t forget about your uncle when that time comes.”

Zhao Hai looked at Evan and smiled faintly, “Uncle Evan is too polite. As long as Uncle isn’t afraid of being implicated. Uncle should know that the world is full of my enemies.”

Evan laughed, “Why do I need to be afraid, fear is useless. How could fear be useful in dealing with enemies? Hahaha. Right, Little Hai, what do you plan to do next?”

Zhao Hai coldly smiled and said, “The enemy seems to have some tens of thousands of troops remaining in Purcell Duchy. How could I just let them peacefully retreat? Wouldn’t it be too easy for them?”

Evan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Are you sure?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Of course, I just feel like I have a little too few undead in my hand. I just want to increase their numbers.”

Evan couldn’t help but shiver. Although he didn’t know that Zhao Hai already had several hundred thousand undead, he still knew that Zhao Hai should have at least 60 thousand undead. Listening to a Dark Mage who has 60 thousand undead saying that he wanted more is too terrifying.

Zhao Hai seemed to not see Evan’s reaction as he released Alien, then he turned to Evan and said, “Uncle, do you want to come with us? In the shortest time, we would certainly expel those mercenaries from the Purcell Duchy.”

Evan stared at Zhao Hai ans shook his head, “Their attack had left a huge injury to the Purcell Duchy. I’ll take this opportunity to handle that matters of the Duchy. So I think I won’t be coming with you.” Zhao Hai nodded, and walked towards Alien before they left the city.






* * *


  












Chapter 437 – Next Plan

All the forces in the continent didn’t expect this war to end so fast. It lasted much shorter than what they expected.

The end of the war was too sudden, too fast, and the victor seemed to be the Purcell Family, which were at the disadvantageous position since the beginning. Those with discerning eyes could see that the victory of this was was solely because of one person, Zhao Hai!

They didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be a person from the Buda Clan, they also didn’t think that Zhao Hai’s prowess as a Dark Mage could be this strong. His enemies were simply looking to die. Most importantly, a Dark Mage was known for being able to increase his army as the battle continues on. Naturally, Dark Mages have their own limit as to how much undead they can command. However, this limit seems to not exist with Zhao Hai. The undead that he currently controlled has probably reached 100 thousand by now. This was the same quantity as a 7th rank Dark Mage can handle.

Although almost every Dark Mage didn’t summon undead, there were some of them who specialize in cultivating them. If these people use all of their energy to summon undead, they could summon at 6th or 7th ranks for an army numbering 100 thousand.

Naturally, all of these undead are common undead, unlike Zhao Hai’s advanced level undead.

However, those who didn’t face Zhao Hai in the battlefield had no idea how strong his undead were. Therefore, although they were surprised that Zhao Hai can control 100 thousand undead creatures, they didn’t pay much attention to this matter. What they paid attention to were some other points.

First, Zhao Hai’s status. When Zhao Hai revealed the Wild Dragon Banner, the people knew that Zhao Hai’s true identity was Buda Clan’s Adam Buda. He now changed his name to Zhao Hai, which surprised the people on the Continent.

In the past, the Buda Clan wasn’t very famous in the continent, this was because the Buda Clan were still emerging Nobles, for the major powers, this didn’t merit their attention. Only when the Buda Clan was given the Black Wasteland did they became famous. Everyone in the continent knew where the Black Wasteland was. For the Buda Clan to be transferred there was akin to giving them the death sentence. This was the reason why the name of the Buda Clan was still on the minds of everybody.

Second point, the toxin from the Water of Nothingness actually had an antidote. For the Radiant Church as well as the Great Clans, this was a serious attack. Before, the Radiant Church and the Great Clans would use the Water of Nothingness as a deterrent weapon against experts. No expert was willing to lose their strength, that would be worse than killing them.

Because of this, a lot of experts had no choice but hire themselves into the Great Clans as well as the Radiant Church. Because





only by doing so will they be spared from the Water of Nothingness.[1]

But now, it was known that the Water of Nothingness has an antidote. For the Experts on the continent, this was definitely a good thing, because they didn’t need to be afraid anymore. Of course this information was also a huge blow to the Radiant Church.

Third point, the matter about the 9th ranks. The alliance between the Radiant Church and Boris had set out four 9th rank experts as well as two high-level Divergent Ability users. But with such lineup, they were still extinguished in less than two hours. This made all of those who were paying attention feel as though something was stuck in their throats, their hearts were jumping crazily, this development was too scary.

At this point, the major powers in the continent now had two things to consider, those powers under the control of the Radiant Church, and the matter about having Dark Mages in their armies.

It has been a long time since the last major war. Because of this, people have forgotten how terrifying Dark Mages were in the battlefield, they forgot the advantages of having Dark Mages.

But with the recent war in the Purcell Duchy, people now had an image of the Dark Mages’ appeal. For the profession to surprisingly turn the tides of war, this was something that all those who were paying attention to the event recognize.

Compared to all these people, Zhao Hai actually didn’t think much of these. After he eliminated the 9th ranks, he started to deal with those mercenaries who remained in Purcell Duchy.

The mercenaries didn’t expect Zhao Hai to kill the 9th ranks this quickly. They haven’t even thought that Zhao Hai would defeat the 9th ranks. Because of this, the mercenaries didn’t retreat far away, and instead, they even prepared themselves to attack Casa City.

Therefore, when Zhao Hai made his undead attack their camps, the mercenaries were ill prepared. And adding on the strength of the undead, all of them were immediately forced to run away. In the end, about 100 thousand managed to escape the Purcell Duchy, the other 100 thousand remained and would forever be part of Zhao Hai’s undead army.

After doing all of these, Zhao Hai gave Evan word that he would be leaving Casa City. He came to Purcell Duchy only to expel the attackers, he didn’t come here to do anything else.

Evan also understood Zhao Hai, and since he still had a lot of matters to deal with in Purcell Duchy, he didn’t stop Zhao Hai leaving.

Zhao Hai also knew about the amount of difficulties that Evan would face. Casa City was a big city, it cannot produce enough grain for its consumption, so the grains would have to be brought from outside. Although the Purcell Family had a stockpile of grain, it was not enough to feed everyone in the city. Even though the enemies didn’t manage to take down Casa City this time, they





they still managed to heavily damage the grain producing lands around the city.

So now, the Purcell Duchy was once again experiencing food problems. But this time, nobody decided to hoard the grains. The shops in the city also didn’t try to raise their prices. They knew that using this method to deal with the Purcell Family was no use.

Before Zhao Hai left Casa City, he also gave Evan a lot of grain, enough for the City to survive its food crisis. Since the Purcell Family would have to buy grain from someone, they might as well but from him.

After dealing with the problems of the Purcell Family, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately return to Sky Water City, instead, he went back to Iron Mountain Fort. He was ready to carry out his plan to make the 9th ranks in the Carrion Swamp his subordinates. With them on his side, the major powers in the continent would have no choice but see him as someone equal.

They weren’t afraid of other powers in the continent since they could just escape to the Space. But if those powers really did want to deal with Zhao Hai, he would have no choice but to hide inside his Space for his entire life.

Zhao Hai didn’t want that kind of life, he wanted to be able to give a good life to his people. So he had no other choice but to become strong and powerful. Although his status wasn’t low, it still came from Megan. At this rate, there wouldn’t be a lot of people in the continent who would give serious respect to the Buda Clan. The respect would have to be caused by the Calci Family.

But Zhao Hai already knew that depending on the Calci Family wasn’t a good choice. Nor does depending on Charlie. All of those scenarios are just him having fake strength, in the end, it wasn’t his own. He wanted to have strength and respect that was fully his. The Calci Family is a Great Noble Family, they could sacrifice almost anything for the benefit of the family. Although he was now their son-in-law, he could still be sacrificed at any time.

Moreover, Zhao Hai didn’t want to be know as the Calci Family’s son-in-law forever. In the future, he wanted people to regard him as the Patriarch of the Buda Clan, and not a son-in-law of the Calci Family.


This time, Zhao Hai was preparing to stay in Iron Mountain Fort for a few days not only because he needs to carry out his plan, but to take personal command of the fort and deal with those people who would be sent to the Black Wasteland by the major powers of the continent.

Zhao Hai was almost certain that that people would come and investigate him the moment he revealed his identity. Now, every power in the continent knew that he was from the Buda Clan. And they also knew that the Buda Clan was now residing in





residing in the Black Wasteland. From this, they would certainly send people to come and see the situation there.

If an ordinary person would come, then it would be easy, just kill them and that’s the end. But if they send a 9th rank expert, then matters would get complicated.

Therefore, after Zhao Hai returned to the Black Wasteland, he immediately released every single one of his undead. About 800 thousand undead roamed the entirety of the Black Wasteland. As soon as they see an intruder, they wouldn’t be polite.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also had Megan fully explore the Black Wasteland. Currently, the entire Black Wasteland was covered by Cai’er’s poisonous mist. Zhao Hai had also almost finished improving the land, making them fertile farmlands to be used in the future.

In order for these lands to be fully sustainable, Zhao Hai also began to prepare the waterworks system of the territory. As long as the waterworks gets completed as well as having watersheds implemented, the Black Wasteland would be transformed into the best farmland in the continent, making it the largest granary in the future.

These days, Megan was always in awe. She didn’t expect that the legendary Black Wasteland would look like this. And since it was still winter, the ground outside was full of snow. Megan grew up on the coastlines, she wasn’t able to see this scene before, this made her very excited everyday.

Aside from Megan, Little Jin was very excited as well. This little ape has not seen snow before. So when he came here, he was scared at first, but he quickly got used to it. He followed Megan and played around in the snow everyday, they enjoyed it very much.

Naturally, the factories inside Iron Mountain Fort were free for Megan to see. Especially the assembly line production that Zhao Hai has set up, which was an eye-opener for Megan.

Although Megan didn’t involve herself much in the matters of the Calci Family, she still learned a lot of things. So the naturally understood the usefulness of this assembly line method of production. Once could clearly see how it can greatly improve working efficiency.

Of course, there were some products that weren’t made using the assembly line method, examples of these were the blankets and carpets made by the Beastmen. Even if the method can be applied to those products, Zhao Hai chose not to do so, since if they did so, the carpets and blankets would lose their special touch. The products would be the same as those produced by the Multi-purpose Processing Machine.

When a person creates something, his feelings and efforts would naturally be reflected on his work. And this sentiment would be felt by those who bought the product. This was the biggest difference between products made by a machine and made by hand.

It has to be acknowledged that there were some things that were better when made by a machine, it can even be said to be close to a perfect

to a perfect product. But this perfection itself was precisely its shortcoming.

Those who make something by their own hands would find it impossible to make zero flaws in their work. But these flaws carry the feelings and personal touch of its maker. People arent’ perfect, and products that they make should be the same, perfectly made products do not exist.

Zhao Hai didn’t allow blankets to be made using the assembly line method. However, the other things were. Zhao Hai had a lot of products being made in Iron Mountain Fort. And most of these were made with the assembly line method.

Zhao Hai didn’t prevent Megan from telling the Calci Family about his production method. In all honesty, the only thing that Zhao Hai didn’t want Megan to tell the Calci Family was the situation in Iron Mountain Fort, anything other than that, Megan can freely say.

Zhao Hai knew that Megan had feelings for him, because of this, he didn’t want to place Megan in an awkward position where he couldn’t talk about anything in Iron Mountain Fort. He knew that there was no way for Megan to keep everything a secret, otherwise she wouldn’t have anything to talk about with her family, and Zhao Hai didn’t want that.

While they were staying in Iron Mountain Fort for several days, Zhao Hai began to deal with the Magic Beasts inside the Carrion Swamp. In fact, Zhao Hai had already regarded Carrion Swamp as his own back garden. And since the beasts in his back garden weren’t very obedient, all he needed to do was make them his subordinates.

After Zhao Hai greeted Green and the others, he lead Laura and the others to Flower City. The moment they arrived at Flower City, Megan begame stunned. Although Iron Mountain Fort had become a second Flower City, the place was too small. It was the first time for Megan to see a big city, enough for 500 thousand people, just like this.

The most important thing was that almost everything in the city was comprised of Cai’er. In the endless facade of flowers, Megan almost lost herself, the place was too beautiful.

Excluding Megan, even Laura and the others were continually awed by the beauty of the city. Everytime they come here, they couldn’t help but stare blankly at everything. The place was that beautiful and magnificent.

In order to make Megan happy, Zhao Hai decided to stay inside Flower City for three days. In the meantime, Zhao Hai let out Zhao Wen to see what the other 9th rank experts of the Carrion Swamp were doing, and then select their first target.

Since they weren’t very strong, they would start looking for the weaker ones. And after bringing it to the Space, they would continue on to the next target, slowly moving towards the stronger Magic Beasts. This way, the Magic Beast Alliance would get weaker and weaker until Zhao Hai subdued every single 9th rank inside the swamp.






* * *


  












Chapter 438 – Defending the Black Wasteland

The third day after Zhao Hai and the others arrived at Flower City, assassins started appearing on the Black Wasteland. These people brought various antidotes for poison as they investigated everything inside.[1]

However, they soon discovered that they were mistaken. Even if they drank some antidotes so that they wouldn’t be poisoned temporarily, they didn’t expect to get besieged by a large number of undead. Moreover, these undead were very powerful, and since they’re undead, they didn’t need eyes to see the intruders. This meant that stealth techniques were utterly useless. All of their methods of stealth were not effective in dealing with the undead.

It was already known in the continent that the most headache inducing enemies that an assassin could face were undead creatures. This was because most of their methods aren’t very effective against the undead. Hidden weapons were useless, poisons were useless, and assassinations were useless. In the minds of the assassins, the undead were a huge pain in the ass.

For the assassins, to have headaches is when dealing with ordinary undead. They had no other fate than to die under Zhao Hai’s undead.

Zhao Hai didn’t make his undead deal with the assassins by using their instincts. Instead, he grouped up a thousand undead and gave them to an Advanced Undead to command. When the assassins enter the Black Wasteland, they didn’t immediately attack them since it would be very troublesome. When those people penetrated deeply into the area, they will surround them and then kill them in one go.

When Zhao Hai heard that the first assassins had arrived in the Black Wasteland, he cared about it. He already knew that this day would arrive. As long as these people enter the Black Wasteland, then they wouldn’t be able to come back. After that, people would be too scared to enter his territory.

At the current time, the other powers wouldn’t be sending in 9th rank experts to enter the Black Wasteland. 9th rank experts weren’t as common as cabbages, they cannot just dispatch them casually.

Common 9th ranks weren’t very willing to be dispatched easily, especially into the Black Wasteland. The





Black Wasteland was too close to the Carrion Swamp. All of them knew that the 9th rank Magic Beasts inside the swamp were very strong. Most 9th ranks in the continent weren’t their opponents.

More importantly, in the last few months, the poisonous mist from the Carrion Swamp has begun to spread to the Black Wasteland. All who entered barely managed to get out. Even if they did get out, the poison that they got from the fog eventually killed them.

This poison was the same as those that proliferated in the Carrion Swamp. Because of this, ordinary people didn’t dare to enter the Black Wasteland.

Naturally, this development was Zhao Hai’s arrangement. Zhao Hai wanted to instill the idea that the Black Wasteland has become the second Carrion Swamp.

Zhao Hai’s plan was very effective. In the beginning, when the Seven-colored poisonous mist started to spread to the Black Wasteland, some people started to examine what happened inside. Upon seeing nobody inside, they declared that the Black Wasteland has become a place full of beasts and poisonous mist.

This development naturally made the people of the Purcell Duchy very restless. They neighbored the Black Wasteland, if the Seven-colored poisonous mist continued to spread, they would be the first people to experience bad luck. This made the people from the Purcell Duchy attach great importance to the Black Wasteland.

Fortunately for them, when the poisonous mist spread to the whole Black Wasteland, it didn’t go any further. Instead, the mist engulfing the Black Wasteland became thicker and thicker. People may be able to survive entering the place in the beginning, but now, nobody managed to survive.

But ever since Zhao Hai revealed the Buda Clan’s Banner, there were a lot of people who entered the Black Wasteland. These people were assassins sent by various nations. They also made sufficient preparations, they brought all kinds of detoxification potions as well as protective masks. But all of these were useless, these people wouldn’t survive. If the only thing present in the Black Wasteland was the poisonous mist, then they might have a chance to survive. But unfortunately for them, in the Black Wasteland, the poisonous mist wasn’t the





the only thing they need to look out for.

These assassins entering the Black Wasteland was like a pebble entering the ocean. This fact made the Great powers feel suprise. They didn’t think that the Black Wasteland would become this terrifying.

But to Zhao Hai’s disappointment, they didn’t send out 9th rank experts to do their investigations. Just as what Zhao Hai thought before, 9th ranks weren’t as common as cabbage, they couldn’t just be casually deployed, especially to such a dangerous place. This made the powers hesitate in sending them over.

Although the great powers were somewhat wary of the Buda Clan, they weren’t afraid of them. After all, the Buda Clan was just another entity in the vast continent. Except for Boris who has a huge enmity with the Clan, most people didn’t take the Buda Clan too seriously.

Even if Zhao Hai had a lot of good things in his possession, those wouldn’t’ be able to drastically affect the continent’s economy. For a lot of Nobles, only when you touch their sources of income would they seriously come and deal with you.

In simple words, Zhao Hai didn’t pose a threat to their interests, so they didn’t go and intentionally provoke Zhao Hai. Naturally, the Radiant Church and Boris were different, their enmity with Zhao Hai was deep, there was no resolving it.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about any of these, as long as the continent didn’t send in 9th ranks, he can carry on his plans in the Carrion Swamp.

At this time, undead filled the ground of the Black Wasteland while Blood Hawks filled the skies. The defense of the land was already very solid. Even if a 9th rank came in, Zhao Hai can still deal with it. Thus, Zhao Hai didn’t really worry about anything.

After playing around in Flower City for three days, Zhao Hai was already ready to carry out his plan. But before carrying out his operation, Zhao Hai did another thing, it was to absorb parts of the carrion swamp into the Space, whether it be the mud or the plants in the swamp.

Zhao Hai chose a place in the swamp and absorbed a chunk of it





of it into the Space. Taking in small insects, plants, and the mud. Then he took another island sized chunk into the Space.

These two absorptions made the Space’s farm reach level 45. He could now cultivate most of the plants. But it was a pity that the Ranch didn’t get upgraded, so Zhao Hai didn’t know what happens when the Ranch and Farm reaches level 30 and 40, respectively.

After completing all of these, Zhao Hai began to deal with the Carrion Swamp’s 9th rank Magic Beasts. For other people, dealing with those 9th rank beasts was difficult. But for Zhao Hai, it was much easier, he already had Zhao Wen and Cai’er,

After Zhao Hai asked Cai’er about the positions of the 9th ranks, they started to plan their course of action. One must know that dealing with 9th ranks wasn’t an easy thing. If they made the 9th rank escape, then it would certainly alert the other 9th ranks in the swamp, and eventually the entire Flower Protection Alliance. By that time, Zhao Hai’s losses would be great, so he needs to be careful.

For the first target, Zhao Hai must choose someone who wasn’t very strong and was someone who didn’t get into contact with the others too much. This type of target would have the most chance of succeeding.

After Cai’er and Zhao Wen discussed for a long time, they finally decided on their first 9th rank target. This Magic beast was a flying type 9th rank Magic beast. It’s form was a Skylark, it flies quickly, has poison magic, and is very cowardly. This made it choose to not get in contact with other Magic Beasts often. His strength in the swamp was quite common, not the same as Zhao Wen. So Zhao Hai decided on this target as well.

Because of the Skylark’s personality, its territory was placed in an odd and remote location, ensuring that it would be the least attacked place. Adding this to the other reasons, this made Zhao Hai choose him.

But Zhao Hai was still very careful, no matter what, this was a 9th rank expert, someone not easily dealt with. Otherwise, 9th ranks wouldn’t be

ranks wouldn’t be treated like nuclear weapons.

Flower City didn’t undergo a change since Zhao Hai and the others directly appeared their using the Space. Therefore, the 9th ranks defending Flower City didn’t take note of the differences happening inside.

Since Cai’er and Zhao Wen spent these past several months inside the Space, there shouldn’t be any huge change that happened inside Flower City. Therefore, the positions of the 9th ranks shouldn’t have changed as well.

Time didn’t have any meaning to 9th ranks. For them, what they needed to do was to comprehend the heavens and hopefully achieve supreme existence.

Ninth rank experts would generally close up for several years at a time. Therefore, when Zhao Hai enter the swamp in the past, even if he let out a small disturbance, the 9th ranks didn’t give it much attention.

Having decided on their target, Zhao Hai began their operation. Zhao Hai opened the monitor and released Zhao Wen, who was holding the Ghost Staff, on the northwest side of Flower City.

This was the direction towards the Skylark’s territory. But before arriving there, they needed to pass through the territory of another 9th rank Magic Beast, one having the form of a Platypus.

Platypuses were also present on the other parts of the continent. Moreover, its impression on the people was that of a very docile Magic Beast. If you don’t attack it, then it wouldn’t attack you.

But the Platypus inside the Carrion Swamp was different. It was because the Platypus’ defensive measure was poison. Adding on to the environment inside the Carrion Swamp, this made the Platypus on the other parts of the continent very different from the ones inside the Carrion Swamp.

As far as Zhao Wen knows, this 9th rank Platypus was one of the more terrifying existences in the swamp. It has tremendous strength as well as defensive power. The most important thing about this Platypus was that it was the most powerful poison expert in the entire swamp. This made him part of the top existences in this place.






* * *


  












Chapter 439 – Two-in-One

But the reason why Zhao Wen decided to pass through the Platypus’ domain was because even if the Platypus was strong, its attitude towards those inside the Carrion Swamp was very good. Moreover, it cared extremely well about rookie 9th ranks. Thus, Zhao Wen dared to go through its territory all the time.

However, if one wanted to pass, it was good practice to pay him greeting. This was respect meant for those who were strong. Unlike Humans, Magic Beasts have great regard towards those who had great strength. As long as they weren’t in war, they generally don’t challenge those who had higher strength than them

After Zhao Wen entered the Platypus’ territory, she stopped and then passed a message through her divine sense, “Blood Devouring Mosquito pays a visit to Sit Platypus.”

Before long, a calm voice was conveyed, “It’s you, what is the little mosquito doing in my territory?”

Zhao Wen immediately replied, “Sir, I just want to pass through your territory to reach Skylark. I have some business with him, I just came to specifically pay my respects to mister.”

Just as Zhao Wen voice fell, a platypus appeared in front of her. The platypus was very huige. It’s body had a length of 50 meters, it was also about 20 meters tall. Zhao Wen’s base form looked like a single dot in comparison.

Platypus had golden hair all over his body. The hair shook gently with the wind and looked very healthy. He also had a pair of small eyes, a huge duckbill, short limbs and a short and stout tail. Although he was very large, he didn’t give people any fear at all, instead, he looks very cute.

But Zhao Wen didn’t dare underestimate him. Although 9th rank Magic Beasts can change their form freely, most of them stayed in their true form. For the Platypus to be this large was a testament to his might as a 9th rank Magic Beast.

Zhao Wen said to Platypus, “I have seen mister. I want to





go to Skylark, but I need to pass through your territory to do so.”

Platypus smiled and said, “You’re interesting kid. It seems like you’re not quite familiar with being a 9th rank, most of them don’t wander around. What business do you you have with Skylark.”

Zhao Wen stared at Platypus, then a sudden idea popped into his mind, “Sir, I have this recently acquired Magic Staff. Actually, this staff is a Spatial Equipment. Moreover, I also have my subordinates live inside it, I enter it from time to time as well. But the space inside the Staff is very big, I still haven’t found its limits. I heard that Skylark is very fast, I want to ask him to come with me inside this space and find its boundaries together.”

Zhao Wen was now getting more and more intelligent. What she said was actually made to bait Platypus. If she can deceive Platypus into entering the Space, then inviting other 9th ranks inside the Space would be much easier in the future.

Sure enough, when Zhao Wen said this, Platypus looked strangely at the Ghost Staff, “Does it really have a huge space? I have heard about spatial items, those have a lot of uses. In here, only Old Mouse can use Space energy. But his Space energy can only open a small pocket space, it didn’t have much use. Is it really true that the space inside of your staff is very big?”

Hearing that Platypus seemed to be tempted, Zhao Wen quickly replied, “It’s true, the space inside is very big. I haven’t found its boundaries even after flying inside for ten days. Thus, I’m going to ask Skylark for help, we’ll fly in opposite directions and measure how big the space is.”

Platypus looked very interested, he looked at Zhao Wen and said, “Can you open the space and let me in? I haven’t seen such a magical space yet.”

Zhao Wen quickly agreed, “Of course.” Zhao Hai was observing Zhao Wen inside the Space, when he heard





heard Zhao Wen’s words, he immediately opened a spatial rift right beside Zhao Wen. Then Zhao Wen looked at Platypus and said, “Sir, please.” Then she stood inside the rift. Seeing Zhao Wen do this made Platypus relieved. One must know that Space energy can certainly kill 9th ranks. Platypus was afraid that Zhao Wen was deceiving him, he feared that when he was halfway through the rift, it would close, killing him in the process.

Now that he saw Zhao Wen’s action, Platypus nodded then crawled his body through the spatial rift.

After Platypus, Zhao Wen also entered, then at this time, a prompt was heard, “Platypus-type variation beast detected. High attacking strength, extremely dangerous. Subjugation function initiated, Platypus surrenders. Level 50 beast. Can be raised inside the Space. Needs four feed per hour, can be purchased in the shop. May reproduce 8 times, six children every time.”


After the prompt finished, the Space flashed a white light. The Ranch and the Farm combines. Zhao Hai can now see the Magic Beasts he raised freely going around the Farm. Beside the Farming Ground, the Magic Beasts could also go to the Villa and the Processing Factory, they can go almost everywhere. Moreover, when Zhao Hai stood on the vila’s balcony, he can clearly spot a sea. Also, on the side of the villa, a river came flowing, one could see it full of fishes jumping and leaping out of the water. When someone exits the villa and goes through the Farming Ground, one could arrive at the seaside and enjoy the beautiful fine white sand





white sand beach.

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to enjoy the beautiful beaches right now. He quickly opened a file as it appeared on the monitor, showing every change that happened in the Space.

Now that the Space levelled up, the Farm and the Ranch had been combined. He can breed beasts and plant crops any way he wants. But besides the Farming Ground, all other places wouldn’t’ be able to speed up the plant’s growth. It was the same with the Magic Beasts, anything that exceeded the 10 thousand limit would only grow in their normal rates. Naturally, Zhao Hai can capture and kill Magic Beasts inside his Space, this was because he had absolute authority here. Even if a 9th rank expert enters, Zhao Hai can make them unable to use their abilities in just a flick of his hand. Inside the Space, Zhao Hai is a god, each word from him is akin to a heavenly decree.

He can also exercise control over the digitization of animals in the Space. For example, if he allows 10 thousand Argali to have accelerated growth this day, he can make them into normal Argalis the next day while having another batch of 10 thousand Argali digitized and have sped up growth.

And since the Space has been transformed and wasn’t divided between the Farm and the Ranch anymore, the overall level of the Space was now Level 38. It was calculated by adding the levels of the Farm and the Ranch and dividing the result by two.

If Zhao Hai wants to transform the Space once again, then he needs to wait until it reaches level 50.

However, he can now buy level 45 seeds and can now buy level 31 animals. Although he can buy animals like Platypus, those he purchased could only have 6th rank strength, like an ordinary Platypus in the continent. It was just like what Zhao Hai expected, it was impossible for 9th rank Magic Beasts to produce 9th rank offsprings.

Because of the combination of the Ranch

of the Ranch and the Farm, Cai’er can now assume the tasks assigned to Mu’er as well. Now, Cai’er can manage the various Magic Beasts. Mu’er also has 9th rank strength and could now also fight outside of the Space, similarly she could also manage the plants inside the Space.

However, the Bread Trees that Cai’er had planted before cannot be left unattended anymore. Therefore, Zhao Hai had Cai’er control the beasts in order to not attack the Bread Tress.

But Zhao Hai chose to not strictly impose this prohibition. He knew that there were a lot of herbivores inside the Space, some of them would eat grass while some would certainly munch on the Bread Trees as well as their fruits. Zhao Hai decided to just let things happen, after all, this was a World and he already had sufficient area inside the Farming Ground. Also, it would be impossible for the Magic Beasts to eat all of the Bread Trees inside the Space since the Space was now a medium world, having an area no smaller than the Ark Continent.

After the Space transformed, it now has more attack functions. Zhao Hai can use Cai’er, Mu’er, the blood mosquitoes, the Magic Beasts, the Undead, the Profound Glacial Liquid, and the Fly Swatter to attack. Even if the Ranch and the Farm has combined, Zhao Hai can still use these basic functions provided by the two.

For Zhao Hai, this development was very good. These will certainly increase Zhao Hai’s strength. Although he still wasn’t a 9th rank expert, he was sure that even if he didn’t use Zhao Wen, Platypus, and Cai’er to attack, he can still contend with 9th rank experts.

Laura and the others were looking at the changes that were happening outside and were too surprised to speak. They didn’t think that the Space would change this much, it was really very mysterious. However, they already experienced several of these transformations before, so they just stayed still and didn’t disturb Zhao Hai who was still understanding the Space.





* * *


  












Chapter 440 – Deception Squad

While they were waiting for Zhao Hai to fully comprehend everything in the Space, Laura and the others waited in of the villa while discussing the various Magic Beasts present outside.

At this moment, Zhao Hai looked at them and faintly smiled, “Why are you watching inside? Go out and see them, those Magic Beasts wouldn’t be afraid of you.”

This was also a function of the SPace. Those who Zhao Hai deemed to be his people would be tagged by the Space as friendlies. Because of this, all Magic Beasts inside the Space not only were unafraid of Zhao Hai’s group, they would even get close to them.

When Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai’s voice they turned their heads to look at him. Zhao Hai noticed that on their arms were Magic Beasts. Laura held Platypus on her arms, Megan hugged Little Jin, while Meg had Zhao Wen on her shoulder. Seeing these women holding 9th rank beasts as though they were plushies would certainly make an ordinary person go crazy.

Zhao Hai gazed at Platypus, at this point, its size was reduced, it now looked very cute and lovely. It was no wonder that Laura liked it.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, are you sure that those beasts wouldn’t run away when we go approach them?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They won’t, they will even be intimate with you. So go out and play with them.” Laura and the others cheered and then ran outside.

Zhao Hai smiled and then turned his head to Mu’er, “Mu’er, since the Space really didn’t need you to manage it anymore, how about exiting the Space and coming along with me? You can transform into a type of clothing, my belt would be good.”

Mu’er didn’t oppose. He was an obedient child, otherwise he wouldn’t be bullied by Cai’er. Mu’er transformed his form and slowly turned into a golden belt before coiling around Zhao Hai’s waist. Although it seemed low-key, the belt’s appearance fully expressed noble elegance, it was very attractive.

Zhao Hai looked at the belt that Mu’er has turned into and gave a satisfied nod. Then he walked outside and couldn’t’ help but smile. Laura and the others were playing with small Magic Beasts who didn’t grow up yet. The adult Magic Beasts seem to not mind and just continued grazing around on the grass.

This image showing the harmony between man and nature was something Zhao Hai had only seen on television. But Zhao Hai knew that compared to television, what he was seeing was real, in this world, man and nature could truly exist harmoniously.

Zhao Hai suddenly remembered that he could name the Space. He didn’t think too much and directly named it Haven, a homage to how this place was a paradise.

After playing around the Space for the whole day, the group returned to the villa when evening came. Zhao Hai had also





invited Green and the others to the Space and told them the changes that happened.

WHen Zhao Hai invited Green over, he also experienced another difference in the Space. After the Space got upgraded, the Transmission Points were also upgraded. But this upgrade wasn’t an addition of one or two point, but instead a qualitative upgrade. As long as Zhao Hai had been to a place, then he could establish a Transmission Point there at any time. In other words, as long as that place was recorded into the Space’s monitor, then Zhao Hai can go there anytime.

This function was too formidable, it added to the usefulness of the Space’s monitor. At this point, Zhao Hai even felt that the massive Ark Continent had turned into the Ark Village.

Naturally, the number of places that Zhao Hai had been to wasn’t a lot, but this wasn’t a huge disadvantage. No matter what, as long as he had been to a place, and had the place recorded into the monitor, then Zhao Hai can go there. With these, he can still go to quite a few places.

Upon hearing the changes that happened to the Space, Green and the others were very happy as well. For them, this was very good. The more formidable the Space becomes, the more advantages they would have.

Looking at Green’s happy expression, Zhao Hai also smiled, then he said, “In fact, Zhao Wen’s method today gave me a reminder. We can actually get the 9th ranks without resorting to violence. Instead, we can just trick them into going inside the Space and have it subdue them. Now that we have Zhao Wen and Platypus on our side, inviting those 9th ranks would be much easier. Grandpa Green, what do you think?”

Green thought for a moment then nodded, “We can try that. Now that the Space is strong and has five 9th rank experts, it was better if we refrain from using violence. Otherwise, if we suffer any damages, then it wouldn’t be very good.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I also think that we need to try tricking them into the Space first. If we can do that, then we’re fine, but if we can’t, then we have other choices than to take them by force.”

Green agreed, “Also, we should finish this matter in the Carrion Swamp as soon as possible, or else the day when the Magic Beasts rampage to the Black Wasteland would come. When that happens, the losses that we’ll suffer would be too great. Additionally, if the 9th rank Magic Beasts come, then it would be more troublesome. It would be better if we do take care of this matter right here.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Rest assured, we will certainly solve that problem this time. We don’t want to worry about this hidden problem in the future.”

After resting for a day inside the Space, Zhao Hai released Zhao Wen and Platypus. This time, their target would be Skylark.

Platypus





Skylark.

Platypus and Zhao Wen stopped just right outside Skylark’s territory. They knew that if they were to directly enter, Skylark would think that they came to attack him. From Skylark’s cowardly nature, he would certainly run away immediately. When this point comes, it would be very difficult for Platypus and Zhao Wen to catch up to him.

Therefore, as long as they don’t enter Skylark’s domain, Skylark won’t run away. After they stopped, Platypus opened his mouth and said, “Skylark, come out and meet me.”

Platypus’ status was higher than Skylark, because of this he didn’t include respectful words like when Zhao Wen talked to him before. Also, if he was too polite, it would certainly alarm Skylark.

Before long, a small petite Skylark drilled out from the poisonous mist. Although Skylark wasn’t that small, when compared to Platypus, she really looked very small.

However, even if Skylark was small, in exchange, she gave people a sense of dexterity. And with its shape, it appeared very cute.

Skylark stared when she saw both Platypus and Zhao Wen. With a calm tone, he asked, “What matter made the two of you come here?”

Her sound was very clear, and from the tone, one could hear a feminine voice, it seemed very fragile. It sounded like the tones that birds sing in.

Platypus looked at Skylark and smiled, “Younger sister Skylark, we came this time because of Little Wen. She obtained a Magic Staff which turned out to be a Spatial Item with a very huge space inside. Both of us had already checked but we weren’t able to see its boundaries. Therefore, we thought we could approach you for help in finding the edge of this space. Is younger sister Skylark willing to help?”

Skylark stared, she didn’t think that Platypus would go find her for this matter. She looked at her visitors and said, “Is what you’re saying true? But even if we do find the edge of this space, what use can we get out of it?”

Platypus smiled faintly and said, “To tell you the truth, we’re planning to occupy the space inside. But since it was too large, we’re afraid that there are other experts present inside. If we manage to offend some experts, then we wouldn’t be able to peacefully practice inside. Therefore, we thought about surveying the entire space first and make sure that there was nobody else inside. This way, we can peacefully comprehend the heavenly laws inside and maybe even break through.”

Skylark stared, she looked very moved by Platypus’ words. All 9th rank experts strive in understanding the laws of the heaven. If one manages to succeed, then they would definitely become a supreme existence. If what the space really did provide even has smidgen of possibility, then it was definitely worth it to look inside.

But Skylark still has some worries, “Why did you look for me? Why not somebody else?”

Platypus smiled, “Naturally because you’re the one closest to us. When Little





When Little Wen got her staff, the first thing she wanted to do was approach you. But since she needed to pass through my territory, we decided to check the inside together. However, neither the two of us managed to find the space’s boundaries. Therefore, we wanted to look for help, so even if there really was something inside, we can deal with it much easier. You’re the one closest to my territory, so we came to you first. So how about it? Do you agree? If you agree, then we’ll go and see the space right now. If we still can’t do it, then we’ll go find another one. But if you don’t agree, we can also go away and find someone else.”

Even if she sees that they seem to be telling the truth, Skylark still couldn’t help to hesitate. She was very timid and cautious, but she also understood that Platypus was stronger than her and that Zhao Wen’s speed was not much worse than her. If these two really wanted to deal with her, then they wouldn’t need to spend too much trouble. After looking at their appearances for one more time, Skylark began to believe them.

After thinking for a moment, Skylark said, “If it is true, then I will naturally agree. But I need to go inside first, right, you should accompany me in.”

Platypus smiled, “Alright, no problem. Little Wen, open the space.” Zhao Wen nodded then help up the Magic Staff as a spatial rift appeared. Zhao Hai was already prepared for this, as long as the Magic Staff was held high, he would immediately open up a spatial rift.

When the rift opened, Zhao Wen didn’t immediately go inside. Platypus turned to Skylark and said, “Younger sister Skylark, I’ll be going in first” Then his body flashed into the space. Zhao Wen stayed outside, she looked at Skylark and said, “Elder Sister Skylark, I shall wait for you here, If I go in as well, the rift would vanish.” Then she stood at the rift.

Looking at the two’s performances, Skylark didn’t hesitate. Her bad immediately flashed as it entered the Space. After Skylark entered, a prompt was heard.

In the end, Skylark was graded as a level 45 Magic Beast. Before she can be raised inside the Space, naturally the Space still needed to subdue her. But to say that Platypus and Zhao Wen deceived her was not totally right. This was because inside the Space, the elemental energies were indeed quite strong. And because of the plants inside the Space, the energies were becoming stronger and stronger.

Plants absorb nutrients from the soil. After they die, they would rot and become nutrients themselves. Their fruits, however, can become food for animals and people. Because of this, plants can be considered as the most selfless creatures.

In the Space, this principle stays true as well. The Space would be providing the plants with nutrients and in turn they would

turn they would be giving back some energies into the Space, making the Space upgrade. Which in turn, allows more plants to be grown in the Space. And now that it has become its own world, the energy released by the plants became even more powerful. Animals release energies as well, this made the elemental magic present in the space stronger and stronger.

Since Zhao Hai’s group spent time inside the Space in a daily basis, they weren’t able to detect this small change. But for Skylark and Platypus that were just introduced to the Space, they could clearly feel the difference. This also made them want to continue staying inside the Space, they didn’t want to return to their territories anymore.

After subduing Skylark, Zhao Hai proceeded to their next target, now with Skylark added to the squad. This made the deception squad increase by one, additionally, this also made their story much more credible, making Zhao Hai’s plans more likely to succeed.

If this plan was used against 9th rank Human experts, then it may not succeed. This was because 9th rank human experts have experienced a lot of things in their life, they were already acquainted with various schemes and plots just like today’s action. They would certainly be on guard and wouldn’t trust anyone very easily, this would make it very impossible for them to enter the Space.

But the 9th rank Magic Beasts inside the Carrion Swamp aren’t quite the same. They lived in a world where plots and schemes were basically non existent, the only matter that they cared about was protecting Flower City as well as cultivating. Because of this, even the cautious Skylark was deceived into entering the Space.

As more and more 9th ranks enter the Space, the Space was also getting stronger and stronger. At the same time, the success rate of the plan became higher and higher. The other 9th ranks just didn’t believe that these group of 9th ranks would scheme against them, there was no need to. If the deception squad really wanted to deal with a single 9th rank, it would be very easy, a roundabout way was just too impractical.

Stemming from such thinking, there was no battle that happened since all of the 9th ranks were deceived into entering the Space and become its fighting strength. At the same time, they also became Zhao Hai’s subordinates.

But Zhao Hai didn’t excessively restrict their freedom. He allowed them the choice of cultivating inside the Space or in their territories inside the Carrion Swamp. Zhao Hai also made it clear that he wouldn’t force them to do anything.

However, these Magic Beasts weren’t fools, they knew which one brought them great benefits. Because of this, they didn’t go back to the Carrion Swamp to practice and instead stayed inside the Space. In any case, the Space was truly big, they can just pick a place where they would practice and stay there.





* * *


  












Chapter 441 – The New Swamp

But Zhao Hai also found out that these 9th ranks from the Carrion Swamp had a special habit. They had to absorb the Seven-colored poisonous mist in their bodies in order to practice. They would slowly circulate the mist within their body and make it part of their attack.

However, even if the Space didn’t’ have a poisonous fog, Cai’er’s main body was here. And with the addition of the Space’s pesticide, Cai’er’s poison was still sufficient for them, this made it possible for the 9th ranks to continue practicing inside the Space.

When the Space became a World, it didn’t worsen, conversely, it instead became better.

When Zhao Hai was on earth, he heard someone saying that the there was one thing that Humans can be described as, Viruses. Viruses don’t have any purpose other than to destroy the place they live in. It was the same with Humans, every place they settle in would most definitely be destroyed. For Earth, Humans acted like what viruses do to bodies they stay in.

On the other hand, even if the Space had a lot of animals, it had no man-made destructions inside. One could say that this was a completely closed up world, everything all goes according to nature. Although the Space can digitize, which was an exception, it still can’t do any large effect on the Space.

Now, Zhao Hai was considered to have subdued the entire Carrion Swamp. He didn’t know in the beginning, but upon checking, he found out that there were thirty-six 9th rank Magic Beasts in the Swamp. Adding Cai’er, Little Jin, and Mu’er, Zhao Hai now had thirty-nine 9th ranks. With this amount of 9th rank experts, Zhao Hai can now be considered to be one of the most powerful forces in the continent.

However, Zhao Hai was not planning on using these 9th ranks. Even if this amount of power was terrifying, Zhao Hai had no plan of world domination. What he only wanted to do was protect the Black Wasteland as well as the Carrion Swamp. He really didn’t want to do any other things.

To be honest, Zhao Hai knew that this was quite selfish. Back on earth, because of the different





times, people pursue material things. If you ask them if they have any great ideals, then they wouldn’t have anything. People generally aren’t very nationalistic since they all wanted to think of their income, to have an easy life. Zhao Hai knew that there was something wrong with this. He also knew understood that he needs to be one thing, which was being responsible.

A man who knows his own responsibility and was responsible is a real man. Although Zhao Hai has some shortcomings, he recognizes his responsibilities and is trying to be more responsible. For him, this was his biggest merit.

Zhao Hai didn’t want to kill people just because he wants to, he didn’t want to start wars either. Therefore, even if he’s very powerful right now, he only yearns to protect this little part of the continent that he calls home. He doesn’t want to bully others, he doesn’t want to dominate the world. Doing such things can only evoke war, and during wars, it was the commoners who suffer the greatest. Zhao Hai didn’t want this outcome.


Now that he has increased his 9th ranks, the Space’s level has become level 45, which was the Farm’s level before the transformation.

Zhao Hai was quite unsatisfied with this, but he knew that there was nothing he could do. With the Farm and the Ranch becoming one, levelling up became even harder, especially in higher levels.

Level 45 was already very good, but this has no substantial effect on the Farm. At most, Zhao Hai can now plant level 45 plants, not much improvement.

But even if the Ranch also had no good improvements, Zhao Hai was content with. After all he only needs 5 levels until level 50, when he reaches that level he can then breed Divine Beasts.

However, Zhao Hai also knew that reaching these 5 levels will be very difficult. More than 30 9th ranks allowed the Space to reach level 45, and all of them didn’t even advance the Space’s level by 10. Zhao Hai didn’t know how many more 9th ranks he needs to subdue in order to fulfill the requirements for these 5 levels.

In the end, Zhao Hai placed this worry on the back of his mind. He





He prepared to finish up in Carrion Swamp so that he can return to Sky Water City.

God’s Grace Day was less than 10 days away, so he wants to return to Sky Water City and take a look. Not only does he want to go back to Sky Water City, he also wants to take a look at Jade Water City.

Also, it has been a long time since Megan joined Zhao Hai. At this point, the Calci Family should have been quite worried. Moreover, it wouldn’t good for Calci Family’s little princess to be absent during God’s Grace Day. The family dotes heavily on Megan, because of this, Zhao Hai must give the family some face.

There wasn’t much problems left in the Carrion Swamp. What Zhao Hai needs to solve at this point was the matter about the swamp’s poison. For those inhabitants who hadn’t become strong Magic Beasts yet, they needed to expel the toxin from their bodies. In the past, what they did was to run towards the Black Wasteland and expel it there.

Zhao Hai also thought about this problem in the past. The place between Iron Mountain Fort and Carrion Swamp had a small river. The water from that small river was from the lake inside the mountain. That water has been upgraded by the Space and can be used to detoxify the beasts.

But there were a lot of beasts inside the Carrion Swamp, and some of them wouldn’t be able to make it to the Black Wasteland. Because of this, they had no choice but find other places inside the swamp to expel the poison. This caused the poisonous mist inside the swamp to become stronger and stronger, making the time between expelling poison for the beasts even shorter as time goes by.

It would be great if this poison was removed, however, at the same time, it wouldn’t be good. If the poison inside the swamp were to vanish, the Magic Beasts inside would be disadvantaged. If those Magic Beasts loses their poison, their overall attack strength would be seriously affected.

So if Zhao Hai doesn’t think about this carefully, he would be hurting the swamp’s Magic Beasts. Upon hearing from the other 9th ranks, Zhao Hai found





Hai found out that other than Zhao Wen, there hadn’t been any new 9th rank Magic Beast appearing in the Carrion Swamp lately. And this has been for a long time. This was because at this point, most Magic Beasts inside the swamp cannot survive the swamp’s poison anymore. Since the toxicity of the mist got stronger, the expelled poison returned to their bodies. Because of this, most Magic Beast would die, they simply cannot survive long enough for them to reach 9th rank.

After discussing with the 9th ranks, they had reached an agreement that Zhao Hai would set up several springs inside the swamp. These springs would contain the Space’s water. After setting the springs up, the 9th ranks would lead the other beasts to drink from the spring, this way the problem about the toxin would be solved.

Now that Zhao Hai’s Monitor had recorded the entirety of the Swamp, this wasn’t a big of a problem. From Zhao Hai’s calculation, the area of the Carrion Swamp and the Black Wasteland is not smaller than Aksu Empire. Instead, it was actually much larger.

One must know that when the Buda Clan obtained this territory, it was already their permanent domain. This bestowment was recognized by the Radiant Church as well as the other empires. Even if Empires change from one ruler to another, the Buda Clan would forever hold this territory. Because of this Zhao Hai hoped to increase their lands.

In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t dare improve both the Black Wasteland as well as the Carrion Swamp since he didn’t have the strength to protect these two places.

But now, it was different. Zhao Hai currently has enough strength to defend these two places. Even if other people becomes envious of his property, they can just try and face his numerous undead.

However, Zhao Hai had no plans of revealing the state of the Black Wasteland at this time. After all, he still needs to construct more infrastructure here and he needs to acquire a lot of resources in order to do so. If the other powers were to find out, they would certainly impose limitations for Zhao Hai, and this wouldn’t be good for him.

Zhao Hai wanted to slowly accumulate his wealth,

accumulate his wealth, therefore, after receiving the 9th ranks, he immediately went and established those detoxification springs. In the future, the 9th ranks can just lead the other beasts on order to help them remove their accumulated poisons.

After doing this, the problem with the black soil was finally solved. Later on, they wouldn’t worry any longer and Zhao Hai be assured that he could open his lands to the outside world in the near future.[1]

Solving the matters inside the Carrion Swamp took them almost one month, now, God’s Grace Day was only 5 days away. The Calci Family has also sent a letter to Zhao Hai, asking him to return to Sky Water City as soon as possible.

It was not only the Calci Family, Charlie sent a letter as well, inviting him to check Jade Water City. Naturally, Charlie was not in Jade Water City, so he asked Zhao Hai to visit his place back on Carson City.

Zhao Hai didn’t decline, not matter where he was, he can still return to Iron Mountain Fort in a flash. Regardless of where he stayed, it was still like he’s in Iron Mountain Fort, so there was no reason for him to not accept the invitation.

After making his decision, Zhao Hai immediately prepared himself to head towards Sky Water City. Megan was also missing her home. Although she didn’t tell Zhao Hai about it, one could clearly see it from her expression.

Zhao Hai told Green about their plan to leave, to which Green didn’t oppose. Green and the others knew that since the Buda Clan has revealed their banner, Zhao Hai’s responsibilities became even more. Moreover, the eyes of the continent were now staring at them. At this time, Zhao Hai should maintain his good relationship with the Calci Family as well as the Third Prince Charlie.

Although it can be said that the current strength of the Buda Clan wasn’t any less than those at the top of the continent, and they didn’t even need to fear the might of the entire Human race, Green and Zhao Hai didn’t think about this. This was because Zhao Hai didn’t like war, and Green loved the Human Race.






* * *


  












Chapter 442 – Grandly Opening the Main Entrance



Zhao Hai and the others appeared outside Sky Water City. This time, they weren’t in a tight schedule so they first looked for a remote place before ZHao Hai released his bull-pulled carriage and slowly headed to the city.

The giant horned bull-pulled carriage, the Wild Dragon War Banner, and Alien, were the three things that identified Zhao Hai. No matter which three were present, people would know that it was Zhao Hai who arrived.

It was because of this that when Zhao Hai’s bull-pulled carriage entered Sky Water City, he was immediately escorted by the city’s garrison troops as it headed toward the City Lord’s Mansion. Even if these garrison troops didn’t give Zhao Hai face, they still had to give respect to Megan. They were very clear about how Smith loved Megan.

After nearly a month of constant exchanges of information, Zhao Hai’s reputation had spread throughout the continent. People on the continent now knew about this Dark Mage as well as the Buda Clan.

Major powers in the continent didn’t think that the Buda Clan, who vanished for one year, would actually return stronger than ever.

If one really counted, the time before the Buda Clan regained its power wasn’t long. Shortly after they were reassigned to the Black Wasteland, Zhao Hai appeared on the continent and then continued to slowly spread his reputation, attracting the interest of major forces. It was just that people didn’t realize that Zhao Hai was actually the head of the Buda Clan, the famous crippled child from the Aksu Empire.

What was even more noteworthy was the fact that Zhao Hai had managed to get his hands on the cure for the Water of Nothingness. This made him the center of attention of the entire continent.

The Water of Nothingness have been pressuring the powerful experts of the continent. They were afraid of being plotted against and unknowingly drinking the Water of Nothingness. If they reach this point, then no matter how loud the complain, nobody would listen to them.

But now that Zhao Hai appeared, it was like having a huge obstacle being removed out of their way. For him to be able to solve the toxin of the Water of Nothingness meant the others who were affected could get cured as well. For





the various experts, this was certainly good news.

It can be said that Zhao Hai’s status on the continent became something that wasn’t much worse than a Patriarch from a Great Family. This was because he has the capability.

People knew that during the war in Casa City, not only did Zhao Hai obtain near 100 thousand new undead, he also managed to exterminate several 9th rank experts of the opposing party.

The 9th rank experts weren’t only attacked, they were exterminated. What did this mean? It meant that Zhao Hai himself also had 9th rank experts up his sleeve, and their numbers should be quite large.

When they heard about this, the people of the continent were startled. They didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have such method. They knew about the Buda Clan’s demise, this was mainly because they didn’t have any 9th rank experts. But the Buda Clan surprisingly acquired several of them this time, can 9th ranks be this easily obtained?

But while the others were surprised about this information, the Calci Family, on the other hand, were rejoicing. In the past, Zhao Hai told them that as long as they don’t send four 9th rank experts after him, then those they send wouldn’t be able to return. But neither Smith nor Randolph actually believed this. The only reason the Calci Family let go of their grudge with Zhao Hai was because the situation had gotten a lot more complicated.

Ever since they received word that Zhao Hai eliminated several 9th rank experts in Casa City, Smith and Randolph both felt a wave of fear after their initial surprise. Although they knew that the Purcell Family had a powerful 9th rank expert, Origin Sword Saint, the other part had four 9th rank experts, as well as two Advanced Divergent Ability Users. For Zhao Hai and Origin Sword Saint to destroy that lineup meant that Zhao Hai wasn’t lying to the Calci Family before.

Under such circumstances, Smith and Randolph had formally accepted Zhao Hai. They knew that even if it was the Calci Family, the four 9th ranks wouldn’t be killed that easily. If they were to be attacked by four 9th rank experts, they would still win, however, it would be a bitter victory.

And from the looks of it, Zhao Hai seemed to not have lost





lost that much even after killing those experts, this made Smith very startled.

In the past, they always interacted with Zhao Hai as though they had the higher position. If it weren’t for Megan marrying Zhao Hai, it would be hard to say where the family’s relationship with him would end up.

Even if Megan still wasn’t married to Zhao Hai, Randolph was still planning on renouncing their engagement. In his opinion, Zhao Hai’s identity was in no way comparable to Megan.

But now it was different, Randolph and Smith now regarded Zhao Hai as someone of equal status. They currently weren’t thinking that Zhao Hai was not worth Megan, they also placed Zhao Hai in a special position in their minds. They decided that the way they interact with Zhao Hai must be changed.

Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking about any of these. The reason why he participated in the Purcell Duchy war was to reveal to the continent the strength of the Buda Clan. He wanted to let the continent think twice about underestimating his clan.

Zhao Hai and the others quickly arrived at the City Lord’s Mansion. When they arrived, the group couldn’t help but stare, this was because the direction that they were led to was the main entrance of the mansion.

No average person can walk through the mansion’s main entrance. If your status wasn’t up to par, then you don’t have the right to pass through here. Therefore, Zhao Hai only passed through the side entrance in the past. Because of his good relationship with Smith, as well as his engagement to Megan later on, he was allowed passage to the side entrance, otherwise he wouldn’t even be able to pass through.

But when Zhao Hai returned this time, Smith actually gave the command to receive them through the main entrance, and more importantly, Smith was there waiting for them.

Zhao Hai came down from his carriage and immediately walked towards Smith before giving a bow, “Uncle Smith, why did you come personally? Right, why did you open the main entrance this time? I’m not familiar with this arrangement.’

Smith looks at Zhao Hai, he saw that there seems to be no changes to the young man’s demeanor, he couldn’t help but feel happy, he smiled and said, “This is my father’s orders, in his own words he said





he said that you have the qualifications to walk through the mansion’s main entrance. We, the Calci Family, recognize your status in behalf of the continent.”

Zhao hai nodded, then walked together with Smith towards the Mansion with a smile. Zhao Hai knew what Smith meant.

When a Clan becomes a Great Clan, they need to have the recognition of some other Great Clan. The Calci Family greeting Zhao Hai with the opening of their Main Entrance meant that they recognize the status of the Buda Clan, for Zhao Hai and his clan, this was a very important matter.

The influence of the Calci Family on the continent was very huge. Although they were suppressed by the Radiant Church, Great Nobles aren’t that easily pressured. Even if the suppression from the Church did have an effect to the Family, the impact was not that great overall.

For a high profile Family like the Calci Family to recognize the Buda Clan, this would certainly affect how the continent views the Buda Clan in the future.

Smith didn’t become polite with Zhao Hai and invited him directly into the living room. Inside, Randolph was waiting. The living room wasn’t a place where anybody can just enter. Since Zhao Hai was engaged to Megan, him and his people were allowed entrance, the others were invited out of the room.

Randolph didn’t keep appearances this time, he stood inside the living room while waiting for Zhao Hai and the others. When he saw Zhao Hai arrive, Randolph showed a smile, and went forward to greet Zhao Hai himself. Although Randolph didn’t say anything warm, compared to how he interacted with Zhao Hai in the past, this time was much better.

After the group entered the living room and sat down, Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Good, Little Hai, what you did was really fantastic. You’ve shown the power and prestige of a Dark Mage, good job. Let’s see if those other fellows in the continent dare underestimate us Dark Mages again.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It was also time to let them know. There were no major wars in the continent for these past years, and they had forgotten what Dark Mages can do. This greatly contributed to the success of the Radiant Church’s suppression in addition to the bribes that the church sent.

the church sent. With what I revealed this time, those Nobles would know that the battlefield is a Dark Mage’s domain. The Radiant Church may have given them benefits, but they would still have to use these benefits to build their army. And since they needed to carefully manage their armies, they would now consider adding Dark Mages to their roster knowing how effective the profession is during wars. I believe that a lot of people would change their views of Dark Mages after this.”

Randolph nodded and said, “Right, these years, those who wanted Dark Mages become fewer and fewer. Some nobles think that raising Dark Mages wasn’t worth it. This time, you made them understand that Dark Mages are worth the resources.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “ God’s Grace Day would arrive in a few days. I’m afraid that we only have today to spend time here. Tomorrow, we have to head towards Jade Water City. Does Grandfather have things he wishes to request?”

Randolph shook his head and said, “I don’t have any. Tomorrow, I must also prepare to head towards Carson City, Smith will also be there. Little Hai, time is tight, will you be able to catch up to the capital if you go to Jade Water City?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Third Prince wanted me to go to Carson City, I’m also preparing to give him a visit. When I arrive at Jade Water City, I will immediately head towards the capital after taking care of a few things.”

Randolph nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Little Hai, recently the Third Prince seem to have acquired a lot of marine products. Does this have anything to do with you?”

Zhao Hai didn’t hide the truth from him, he smiled and said, “A couple of days ago, I went to the deep seas and had my undead scour the waters. You should know about the properties of the undead, so I had no qualms about having them get marine resources for me.”

Randolph nodded and didn’t talk anymore, he knew that these marine products weren’t something that he could get his hands on. This was because those had already become the Third Prince’s business. If he meddles, the might offend the Third Prince, and that would be too disadvantageous to the family.





* * *


  












Chapter 443 – Important Matter

Randolph didn’t want to offend Charlie not because he was afraid of the Third Prince. It was just that he didn’t want to offend Charlie right now. The struggle for the throne was still going on. Randolph didn’t want to support any of the Princes as well as offend any of them. This was a matter that Randolph didn’t want to get involved in.

Zhao Hai didn’t tell Randolph about the beer and rice wine. This was because they still hadn’t made a method to mass produce them, also, Zhao Hai didn’t want to reveal them too soon.

The beer and the rice wine was a unique product in this continent. Zhao Hai wasn’t planning on cooperating with another person, he already has Charlie and the Calci Family.

Zhao Hai turned to Randolph and said, “Grandpa Randolph, does me supporting the Third Prince have any effect on you? If I stop supporting him now, then I would be offending him. This wouldn’t be good for us.”

Randolph nodded and said, “It won’t affect us. You cooperating with Charlie wouldn’t have a great impact to the Calci Family, rest assured. In fact, in the continent, Great Clans also participate in succession battles, however, they do it indirectly. This way, if they fail, there won’t be any repercussions. But if they succeed, the benefits they get would be substantial. When you joined the Third Prince’s side, you and our family were still enemies. We only reconciled after you got engaged to Megan. You supporting the Prince before that was already known by the people. This would assure that the Calci Family wouldn’t be affected.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “But even if doesn’t affect you, I’m still engaged to Megan in the end. From here on out, I need to consider the Calci Family in my decisions. This time, I revealed our Buda Clan because I wanted to show the continent what kind of clan Megan is getting wed to. I want them to know that that I have the strength to do so. I don’t want Megan to be made into a joke.”

Megan sat beside Randolph, when she heard Zhao Hai, her eyes couldn’t help but redden. She didn’t think that Zhao Hai also had that reason.

Randolph nodded, “Very good, Little Hai, you did very good. Megan didn’t make a mistake. You will certainly be a one of my Calci Family in the future. Right, no need to eat at another place, I’ve already prepared a meal for you. Let me show you my hospitality.”


After eating their meal, Zhao Hai and the others rested inside Sweet Plum Courtyard while Megan returned to her own place. She actually wanted to stay in Sweet Plum Courtyard, however, the madam asked her to stay with them. She had no other choice but to comply.

When Zhao





Hai arrived at Sweet Plum Courtyard, he immediately went to the Space along with Laura and the others. More recently, they have been staying in the Space more. If they don’t have any special thing to do, then they would stay inside the Space.

When the madam and Megan arrived at her room and sat down, the madam looked at Megan and said, “Megan, how was this time’s journey with Zhao Hai? Were you in danger during the battle?”

Megan shook her head and said, “No, mother, how could I possibly be in danger? I didn’t even get to go somewhere, we’ve just stayed inside a safe area inside Casa City. I didn’t even get to see the battlefield.”

The madam nodded and then asked more, “Did four 9th ranks really attack Casa City? Are there two Divergent Ability users present as well?”

Megan nodded, “Yes, four 9th rank experts, one Light Mage, three Warriors. The other two were Divergent Ability Users and should be quite famous in the continent. I asked Elder Brother Hai and he said that the two of them were known as the Wealthy Twin Stars. Did you hear about them, mother?”

The madam stared, then she nodded, “I did. These two were Metal element Divergent Ability Users. They’re highly skilled. Moreover, they hadn’t been caught even after several years.”

Megan nodded, “I also heard about that from Elder Brother Hai. But those two people were already turned into Advanced Level Undead. Brother Hai also said that those two should have accumulated a lot of coins. If we get to have them, then we shall acquire quite a fortune.”

The madam smiled, “Little Hai really knows how to get money. Indeed, it would be quite a fortune. Those two have been desperately acquiring money all these years. And they only want gold coins, nothing else. This time. Little Hai would surely get a lot of gold coins.”

Megan smiled and said, “But we haven’t gotten it yet. These days we had a lot of things to take care of after the war. It hasn’t been very easy.”

The madam looked at Megan’s face and smiled, “Really? Right, Little Hai’s marine products, did he really acquire them himself? Where does he get them?”

Megan already thought about the excuse along with Zhao Hai. So when the madam asked her a question, Megan immediately replied, “Naturally, there’s no use in deceiving people. He got those items from the area around Ape Island. There were almost no people there, so there are a lot of good products to be harvested. But for the magic beasts, Brother Hai didn’t want to get a lot of them. He didn’t want to have the area be like the coastlines, where there aren’t any good items left.”

The madam nodded then asked Megan, “Where did you go after the sea? Did you go





go to the Buda Clan’s place? Where is it?”

Megan looked at the madam and said, “We did go to the Buda Clan’s place, but mother, I cannot tell you the location right now. Brother Hai trusted me and told me that I can’t reveal the location of the Buda Clan. So I cannot tell anyone, so please don’t ask.”

While looking at Megan, the madam couldn’t help but sigh. She knew that it would be like this. She understood Megan’s character, if the didn’t want to open her mouth, then there was no use in further asking.

The madam sighed and said, “Alright, I won’t ask anymore. Has Zhao Hai been kind to you these past few days? Was he good to you? Are you treated the same as Laura?”

Megan smiled and said, “Elder Brother Hai has been good to me, and he treats me the same as Sister Laura. We are usually very free, and when we do, we always spend time and talk together. Brother Hai said there’s still a lot that they could do in the sea. I also want to contribute to the family, so I also find things that we can cooperate with. Right, since we talked about this, I remembered something that I have to tell Grandpa.” Then she got up and left.

When the madam looked at her daughter leaving, she pulled her over and said, “What happened? Why do you have to talk to your Grandfather? Can you tell me?”

Megan smiled, “Telling this to you would be no good, it would be useless, you can’t do anything with it. Only Grandfather can find this useful, come, mother, let’s go quickly.” Said Megan as she pulled her mother and walked out the room.

Randolph and Smith were in the study, they still didn’t go rest. In truth, when they met Zhao Hai today, they were quite happy. Not only did Zhao Hai’s attitude toward them remain unchanged, but also because of his attitude towards Megan.

Zhao Hai’s manner towards Megan was very good, he looks after Megan very well. This was what they always wanted to see. If Zhao Hai’s feelings towards Megan were very good, then their princess would have a good home to return to. And with Zhao Hai’s good relationship with Megan, this also meant that he would be closer to the Calci Family and will give them enough face. This was definitely a good thing for the family.

Now, all the large forces in the continent knew that Zhao Hai’s strength wasn’t that much less from an established noble clan. He was even stronger than old nobles like the Purcell Family. The only weak point to the Buda Clan were their connections.

But Zhao Hai’s personal connections cannot be said to be weak. His relationship with the Purcell Family was quite substantial. The Purcell Family wasn’t





Family wasn’t among the oldest nobles, but their connections to the continent cannot be underestimated. Now that Zhao Hai had helped them deal with their recent matter, they would certainly give him help. This wasn’t a small matter for Zhao Hai.

Moreover, Zhao Hai was also the Calci Family’s son-in-law. If Zhao Hai needs something, they cannot just ignore him. He also had strong connections with others, like the Third Prince Charle, as well as the Shelley Family. At this point, Zhao Hai was an existence that cannot be ignored by all the great powers in the continent.

Facing with this Zhao Hai, the Calci Family was unable to pick out his flaws. At this point, Randolph had truly treated Zhao Hai as one of them. This was also a Great Nobles’ way of doing things. If you consider someone to be one of you, you should support them fully and protect their well-being. On through this way could they be rewarded in the future.

After Randolph and Smith discussed for a while, Randolph sighed and said, “Smith, I’ve been very hard on you lately. I’m now old, I only stay at the headquarters everyday. My judgement about the matters of the continent aren’t as good as you. Your big brother and your fourth brother are quite good, but they actually lacked the vision to be the Patriarch of our big family. We cannot count on little three as well, he was fully concentrated on cultivation, let’s just hope that he can reach 9th rank one day. Then there is little five, oh!”

Randolph sighed, he was not a fool. As a Patriarch of a Great Noble Family, how could he not understand? He just liked Juwan too much that he made a mistake in his judgements. But now, he knew what he needed to do.

To be honest, Randolph was very disappointed in Juwan. Juwan’s vision was absolutely low, he was very short sighted. If Randolph hands the family over to him, then the fall of the Calci Family wouldn’t be far off. So how could Randolph just allow this to happen?

Smith looked at Randolph and didn’t know what to say. He was bent on wanting the best for the Calci Family. But to say that he didn’t strive for the position of Patriarch was impossible. On the contrary, he really wanted to be the Patriarch. He believed that as long as he had the position, then he could certainly make the Calci Family greater than it is now.

At the same time, this was also the first time that Smith saw this side of Randolph. This was the first time he saw his father admit his mistake in front of him. This was really strange for Smith, but it dawned on him that his father was now very old, he will only get weaker with

get weaker with time.

Smith sighed lightly and comforted Randolph, “Father, it’s alright, it’s not as serious as you think. Although little five looks useless, but you have to recognize that he has his uses. Look, if the Calci Family were without flaws, then the troubles that he’s caused wouldn’t have reached this far.”

Randolph smiled and sighed, “My vision is not as good as little Megan, haha. Alright enough talking about this, Little Hai is very good. At this time, he revealed his clan in a way that the continent wouldn’t dare make a move on him while startling them with his might at the same time. He did things orderly, and wasn’t very anxious. He is soft when he can, and be ruthless when needed to. And from what I saw earlier, he seems to like Megan. This made me relieved. We must treat him very well as a part of our family. I understandd that he’s a very sentimental person, let’s support him fully and our Calci Family would surely obtain benefits.”

Smith smiled and said, “Father, rest assured, I already seen this part of Little Hai. Otherwise, why would I wed Megan to him?”

Randolph nodded and said, “With the support of Zhao Hai, the Third Prince’s chances for the throne would surely increase. This is also good for the family. I think, if necessary, we must give our full support towards Charlie. After all, Little Hai is now one of us. If he fails, there wouldn’t be any benefits for us.”

Smith nodded. At this time, Phil’s voice was suddenly heard. “Madam, Young Lady, why did you come? Old Master and the Young Master are discussing inside.”

When Randolph heard that Megan and the madam has come, he quickly said, “Megan and Gemma? Let them in.” Gemma was the name of the madam, but the people prefer to call her madam.

Megan couldn’t wait for too long and directly pushed the door open. When she saw Randolph. She immediately ran over to his side and said, “Grandpa, I remembered something, so I came to you.”

Randolph looked favorably at Megan and said, “Little Megan, you’re already getting married. You shouldn’t keep acting like a child.”

When Megan heard Randolph, she pouted and said, “Grandpa, you must listen to me. This matter is related to the future our Calci Family. If you won’t listen, then I won’t tell you.”

When he heard his granddaughter’s words, Randolph and the others couldn’t help but give a smile. Megan hadn’t been like this before. But now, she seems to be thinking about the future of the family. Naturally, they would find this amusing.

Randolph smiled and said, “Alright, I’ll listen to what little Megan has to say. For it to surprisingly affect our Calci Family’s future. Hahaha. This isn’t the same as being engaged, your words seem to be very big.”





* * *


  












Chapter 444 – Running Water

Megan looked at Randolph and snorted, “If it really wasn’t important for our Calci Family, then I wouldn’t be telling you. Grandpa, I know that the family has a lot of factories. But I can say that the output of any of our factory wouldn’t hold up to one of Brother Hai’s. Producing the same product, even if Brother Hai’s factory had 100 people, it can still beat the output of our Calci Family’s factory with 300 people. It’s output wouldn’t be able to beat Brother Hai’s factory.”

When Randolph heard Megan, he couldn’t help but stare. Then he immediately understood what Megan was getting at. With a straight face, he said, “Little Megan, do you mean to say that Little Hai has a way to increase production? And that you know about this method?”

Megan looked at Randolph, and with a proud expression, she said, “I know Brother Hai’s method. Hehe, I must say that Elder Brother Hai is really intelligent. We haven’t thought of this method.”

Randolph looked at Megan and said, “What method? Megan, tell me quickly, you know how much Grandpa gets anxious.”

Megan smiled and said, “Elder Brother Hai called it the Assembly Line Production. Let’s take our family’s ceramic factory as an example. Right now, if a potter wants to make a piece of ceramic, the time it takes from taking the soil to making the ceramic would take several days. But Grandpa have you ever thought about it? How about we divide the acquisition of the soil, separating the clay, making blanks ceramics, and then the drawing of the flowers into their own separate tasks. Someone would dig the soil, then pass it over to the one who separates the clay, then to another worker who will make the blanks, and lastly onto the person who will draw the designs. This way, the work would flow smoothly from worker to worker like running water. With this, their degree of efficiency would be increased.”

Randolph and Smith were smart people, so they immediately understood Megan’s words. They still need to try it, but they already imagined that this would be possible.

Randolph became excited as he stood up and repeatedly praised, “Good, fantastic, this is fantastic. Right, right,





what Megan said could really increase the output of our ceramics. Hahaha. Little Megan, you really didn’t lie, this will really affect the future of our Calci Family.”

But suddenly, Randolph stopped, he turned to look at Megan and said, “Megan, did Little Hai agree to tell us about this matter? If he didn’t, then this would affect your future relationship. You must know that this matter isn’t something that could just be spread around.”

Megan smiled and said, “Be relieved, Elder Brother Hai agreed.”

Randolph gave a satisfied nod and smiled, “Does Little Hai really have factories? Who mans those factories?”

Megan smiled, “Some human slaves, he also brought over some slaves from the Beastman Prairie. Currently, there are over 1000 slaves working in his factories.”

Randolph nodded, he didn’t ask about the Buda Clan’s location, he knew that they couldn’t be inside the Black Wasteland, that place was already a forbidden place in the continent. Zhao Hai’s home must have been in a secret place, and Zhao Hai would surely refrain from revealing it.

Seeing Randolph not asking about the Buda Clan’s location, Megan relaxed, then she said, “Grandpa, Elder Brother Hai said that the Buda Clan’s present location is a secret. He said that I cannot tell you for now, please don’t get angry.”

Randolph looked at Megan and smiled, “What? Just because he tells you not to tell Grandpa, then you won’t tell Grandpa?”

Megan strenly replied, “Grandfather, Elder Brother hai trusted me, so how can I be unfair to him. Therefore, I will not tell you, I would have to be unfair to Grandpa.”

Randolph laughs and patted Megan’s head, “Silly thing, how can Grandfather get angry, this is something you decided to do. Little Hai has no obligation to tell the Calci Family about his clan’s location. You are now engaged to Zhao Hai, him trusting you is a blessing.You are now a member of his Buda Clan. Naturally, you would be anxious for them, Grandpa wouldn’t be angry because of this.”

Megan held Randolph’s gentle hand, her eyes were red and she didn’t speak nor made any noise. Then after a moment, she said to Randolph in a soft voice. “Grandpa, Elder Brother Hai trusted me, he also treated me very well, just like how he





he treats Sister Laura and Sister Meg. Meg grew up with Brother Hai since she was little, so Brother Hai was her heaven. Laura gave up all of her property and had her family members transfer to Brother Hai’s domain. It was no question that Brother Hai trusts them very much. But I belong to a Great Clan who stood among the top of the continent. For Brother Hai to trust me despite this fact is really huge to me. So I cannot tell Grandpa about their location. But I can say that Brother Hai’s strength is leagues higher than what you imagine. You must know that what Elder Brother Hai showed at this point was but a small part of his strength. I hope that the Calci Family wouldn’t get in conflict with the Buda Clan, because I’m very sure that the one who will suffer in the end would be the Calci Family.”

Randolph stared with a surprised expression at Megan, “Megan, are you sure? Is Little Hai really that strong? You should know that the Calci Family didn’t just have one or two 9th ranks, does he really have the strength to make our family suffer a loss?”

Megan smiled bitterly, Randolph will never think that Zhao Hai would possess a thing such as the Space. With only his 800 thousand 8th rank undead army, not to say the Calci Family, even the Rosen Empire would find it hard to stop him. And adding his close to 40 9th rank experts, let alone making the Calci Family suffer, Zhao Hai could completely exterminate it without a sweat.

Randolph looked at Megan’s expression and didn’t need her to say anything before he understood. He just nodded and said, “Alright, be relieved, Grandfather knows what to do. Right, Megan, will you come with me to Carson City tomorrow or will you join Zhao Hai to Jade Water City?”

Megan smiled, “I’ll go to Jade Water City to take a look. Brother Hai also has a shop there, he wants to check it out. The Manager is Sister Laura’s subordinate. And because of the previous urgent matter, Brother Hai had to delegate a task over to him. This time, Brother Hai wants to see how it is doing.”

Randolph





is doing.”

Randolph nodded, “Alright, you can go with Little Hai since he’ll also be heading to the capital. Oh, I really hope that things go wrong. This way, the marine products would go our way, those bring huge profits, what a pity.”

Megan smiled and said, “Don’t worry Grandpa, we’ll have our share of those marine products in the future. It’s just that the supply is quite low, there was no way for us to get some.”

Randolph smiled, “Little Hai really does have an innate skill for business. He already has Laura on his side, but it seems like the Buda Clan is having quite some difficulties in other aspects. No wonder little Megan wanted to learn so much about business, hahaha.”

Megan became embarrassed as her face turned red, “Grandpa, don’t talk nonsense. The Clan is doing very well. You didn’t know what they were in the past, but they are much stronger now. There was also Elder Brother Hai’s battles, he was really amazing.

Randolph smiled and said, “Come on, no need to touch up your Elder Brother Hai’s face. Haha. Alright, you’ve been working hard these days, go and take a rest. Didn’t Little Hai say that he would head to Jade Water City tomorrow? Go get some sleep so that you can wake up on time.”

Megan nodded, and said her goodbyes with a smile, “Alright Grandpa, then I would be taking my rest.” The she stood up and went back to her own room.”

After Megan left, Randolph turned his head to Smith and said, “Smith, do you think that what Megan said was true?”

Smith forced a smile and said, “I’m afraid it is true. Even if that girl had her heart taken by Zhao Hai, she still wouldn’t joke around when it comes to our Calci Family. It seems like there are still many cards that Little Hai didn’t reveal, this youngster isn’t very simple.”

Randolph nodded, “The most terrifying thing is the intelligence of this kid. He may have thought that people would come to find his place so he didn’t say anything and just let those people go to the Black Wasteland. I already heard that the poisonous fog there has already reached the same level as the Carrion Swamp. Those who came

Those who came in didn’t manage to return. I heard that the Purcell Family’s Buffy went to the Carrion Swamp and hasn’t been heard from since. It is clear that he had met an unfortunate fate. Those Great Clans that sent people to the Black Wasteland in order to find Little Hai would surely find nothing while losing their people. It was clear that the young man has led them there.”

This thought wasn’t unique to Randolph, in fact, most of the people on the continent believed that Zhao Hai cannot be inside the Black Wasteland. His current action was only meant to distract the Great Clans from finding his true location.

This idea wasn’t strange, after all the Carrion Swamp’s poison mist already filled the entirety of the Black Wasteland. For the neighboring territory of the Carrion Swamp to be invaded by this mist wasn’t a huge mystery. It was also known to everyone how lethal the Seven-colored poison mist was. For Zhao Hai to set up his home right inside that hazard was something that the people found to be absurd.

However, they clearly forgot about another thing about Zhao Hai. They forgot to recognize that the Water of Nothingness was in itself, a poison. If Zhao Hai managed to find a way to cure this poison, then there would be no reason for him to be unable to solve the Seven-colored poisonous mist.

Currently, the people of the continent cannot associate the Water of Nothingness and the Seven-colored poisonous mist together. For them the Water of Nothingness was something they see as great, while they see the Seven-colored mist as dreadful. Therefore, there was no way for them to connect the two together.

Randolph also shared that thought, in his mind, Zhao Hai must have known that the poison mist of the Carrion Swamp was going to engulf the Black Wasteland. So he left the place and found a secret location. He settled there and got the support of a powerful hidden power, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to reach his current height.

But because Zhao Hai didn’t want anybody to know about his present location, he didn’t divulge the fact that he left the Black Wasteland. This gave the people the illusion that his clan was still inside.





* * *


  












Chapter 445 – I’ll Hand it Over to You

Zhao Hai didn’t know about any of these, he wasn’t monitoring them, it wasn’t necessary. After Megan returned to her room, Zhao Hai immediately took her in to the Space.

Megan liked staying inside the Space now, this was because the air inside the Space is very good. There were also a lot of animals that would accompany her, making her very happy.

Additionally, Megan had the lowest level among the group. So Zhao Hai wanted Megan to practice inside the Space. Megan was a Water Mage, and was found to be compatible with the Goldmetal Fruit. But her current level was too low, therefore, Zhao Hai had her work hard inside the Space to reach a high enough level to eat the Goldmetal Fruit. No matter what, she needs to reach 8th rank.

Megan entered the Space and told Zhao Hai about everything that happened. Looking at Megan’s scared face, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s okay, I already agreed to it. You telling me this right now actually made me happy, after all they are your family. Right, do you really want to go with me to Jade Water City tomorrow?”

Megan nodded and said, “Of course, at this point I wouldn’t be able to sleep outside the Space. I blame you for this.”

Zhao Hai and Laura couldn’t help but laugh, the environment inside the Space was truly fantastic. After someone spent a long time inside, they would find it awkward to go out again.

After they laughed, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, I expect to not have any troubles in Jade Water City, we can just go to the Capital afterwards. Also, after we reach Carson City, when will you plan to visit His Highness Charlie?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “I’ll head to Charlie after we arrive at Carson City, then to the Calci Family. We belong to the family, so they should give us some room to be polite. But Charlie on the other hand needs special attention, that’s why I’ll be visiting him first. Moreover, if we visit Charlie first, nobody would think that the Calci Family had any part in





our partnership.”

Megan just looked at Zhao Hai and didn’t speak. Her current experience regarding these things was too low. There were a lot of things to consider in this matter, so at this time she can only listen.

Zhao Hai turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, do we have anything to harvest? It’s God’s Grace Day, it’s certain that those marine products will sell well in the capital. We also need to have some for the Clan.”

Cai’er nodded and said, “Yes, we have some in the sea, river, and the hot springs. This time, we can take them all to Carson City.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, we should leave behind some good products for Mu’er, he’s unfamiliar with Jade Water City. He needs to do great these days.”

Laura smiled and said, “It’s alright, no need to worry. Recently, their lives in Jade Water City is very good. Although the city wasn’t as good as Sky Water City, it is still an important port city of the Rosen Empire. Since you gave them enough money as well as products, there isn’t anything worth worrying about.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s great. They’re working very hard as well. They are now one of our tentacles outside. Also, I think we should open up our shop in Sky Water City. What do you think?”

Laura nodded, then she turned her head to Megan and said, “I think we should ask Megan about this matter. Megan hasn’t been talking much lately, that’s no good.”

Megan stared, then she immediately replied, “No, no, I don’t know any of these matters. I cannot just speak irresponsibly. I dare not talk.”

Zhao Hai looked at her and faintly smiled, “It’s alright, so do you think we should open up a shop in Sky Water City?”

Seeing that there was no way for Zhao Hai to let it go of the matter, Megan looked down and thought for a moment, then she said, “I think it should be okay. You’re now engaged to me, and Daddy likes you, moreover, I already talked about you to Grandpa. So I don’t think the Calci Family would be opposing you any longer. But if we want to gather intelligence,





intelligence, it isn’t good to rely on the Calci Family, so I think we should get a shop.”

Laura and Zhao Hai nodded. Hearing Megan say that made them think that she has truly regarded herself as a member of the Buda Clan and not the princess of the Calci Family anymore. This was good for them.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then we’ll open a shop at Sky Water City. But I think this would have to wait until the next year. At that point, we’ll have to rely on Megan.”

When she heard Zhao Hai, Megan shook her head, “That’s not good. Although I grew up in Sky Water City, I don’t really know much about the things happening there. If we open a shop, I wouldn’t be much of a help.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Just give it a try. Among us, you are still the most familiar with Sky Water City. In the end, you’re still the princess of the Calci Family. There wouldn’t be anyone in the city that won’t dare give you face.”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and saw that he really wanted her to give it a try. She didn’t say anything more, just nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll try.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It won’t be too soon anyway since we have a tight schedule. Tomorrow we still need to head towards Jade Water City, although we don’t have much to do there, we still need to see Trezebo.”

Laura and the others nodded, then they went to rest. The Space was quite good right now, Zhao Hai didn’t need to worry so much.

The next morning, after having breakfast with Randolph, Zhao Hai’s group left for the seas again. Zhao Hai released the Haven last night so now it was docked at Sky Water City waiting for Zhao Hai.

But Randolph and the others already knew that this ship was just an act that Zhao Hai did. Although they didn’t know how Zhao Hai travels around, they were sure that it definitely wasn’t by ship.

After Zhao Hai and the others embarked, the ship quickly left the harbor. Zhao Hai didn’t immediately head to Jade Water City via the Space. If people knew that they arrived at





arrived at Jade Water City just as they left the harbor of Sky Water City, they would be quite sure that Zhao Hai had a Spatial Ability, there was no other way of travelling this fast other than Spatial Teleportation.

ZHao Hai and the others didn’t go to the Space and just stayed on the deck and smelled the scent of the sea. It was quite while since they got to sail so they just sat down and enjoyed the view.

While sitting on the ship and watching the other boats coming and going, Zhao Hai sighed, “I really hadn’t thought about it while we were at sea back then, but now, I noticed that the continent is actually really cold.”

Laura also sighed, “The continent is indeed very cold, it was good that Cai’er was present in Iron Mountain Fort. Otherwise, the place would be cold as well, unlike the likeable Iron Mountain Fort that it is now.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned to Megan, “Megan, do you like it here? You grew up here as a child. To be honest, I don’t like the cold here.”

Megan smiles, “I actually got comfortable with Iron Mountain Fort, I prefer being there now. The comfort there is incomparable with Sky Water City, the winter in Sky Water City is too repugnant.”

Zhao Hai smiled and then looked at the time, “We’ll wait for a while and then go to Jade Water City. When we reach there, we must finish our matters as soon as possible then go to Carson City. We have a little time to spare in order to prepare for the holiday.”

Megan and the others smiled as well, then continued chatting on the ship. Two hours unknowingly passed by, when Zhao Hai’s ship left Sky Water City he immediately entered the Space. From there they went to Jade Water City,

The place where they chose to appear was somewhere outside Jade Water City. When they arrived outside, they didn’t ride the Bull-pulled Carriage and instead rode horses to enter the city.

They went to Mu’en’s shop first. The shop was very busy since God’s Grace Day was approaching. This was the best time to sell items on the continent and Mu’en’s shop capitalized

Mu’en’s shop capitalized on this. Although Haven products weren’t very popular in the Rosen Empire, it gradually became recognized by the people because of its quality.

And since the people wanted to eat good food in God’s Grace Day, and since Haven products were inexpensive and good, it was very popular with those who didn’t have much money.

When Zhao Hai saw that the shop was very busy, he couldn’t help but smile. Then he turned his head to Laura and said, “Looks like Mu’en works pretty well. When we sell expensive stuff later, the income surely wouldn’t be low.”

Laura smiled and said, “It wasn’t all because of Mu’en, the products from the Space are also very good. And adding on to the fact that Charlie favors you, people wouldn’t dare not give you face. All of these are the reasons why business is doing very well.”

Zhao Hai smiles, “No matter what, if Mu’en wasn’t that skilled, the shop wouldn’t be able to reach this far. Let’s go talk a bit with Mu’en, then we’ll go to the City Lord’s Mansion and see Trezebo. After that, we’ll head to Carson City.”

The group then went to the back courtyard. When Mu’ern’s family saw them, they immediately went and fetched Mu’en. At this point, except for some important figures, Mu’en wasn’t required to man the counters.”

The group headed to the living room after Mu’en arrived. Zhao Hai looked at Mu’en and smiled, “Mu’en, you did really good, very good. Right, the recent batch of marine products, did they get taken care of?”

Mu’en nodded and said, “They’re taken care of. I gave them personally to Trezebo, it has been recorded as well. I can show them to the Young Master.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t need to see them, I’ll be handing the marine products business over to you. From time to time, show the accounts to Laura, I don’t like to look at those things.”

Laura smiled and turned to Mu’en, “God’s Grace Day is approaching, what are you planning to do? Is everything in your family ready?”

Mu’en was stunned as he looked at Laura and Zhao Hai. He understood that if Laura asked about it, it certainly came from Zhao Hai.





* * *


  












Chapter 446 – Pure Iron Armor

Mu’en quickly replied, “Prepared, rest assured. How about the Young Lady, are you prepared for the holidays?”

Laura smiled, “We’ve already prepared well. We’ll be accompanying Megan along with the Calci Family in God’s Grace Day. Of course, we’ll also go to Divine Grace Fort.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Well, let’s not talk about these anymore. I’ll leave you some marine products for your family to enjoy for God’s Grace Day. If I find out that you sold them as well, then I will be angry.”

Mu’en understood Zhao Hai, he faintly smiled and said, “Young Master can feel relieved, I’ll promise to not sell them. Don’t worry.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Laura and then to Mue’n, “We’re going to see Trezebo. Then we’ll be heading for the capital. We won’t be going back here for a while. If anything happens, send a message through the Blood Hawk.”

Mu’en nodded, “Alright, Young Master can feel relieved, If anything happens, I will immediately send you a message.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll leave you ten thousand undead, but don’t reveal them as much as possible. The troubles wouldn’t be small if people find out.”

Mu’en nodded, then exchanged some words with Zhao Hai. After that, Zhao Hai led Laura and the others to the City Lord’s Mansion. There were also a lot of people outside the mansion. Carriages came and went one after another. They looked like they contained gifts. The line was very long.

Seeing this scene, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly. For him, it seems very intriguing. He can remember back on Earth that if an officer blatantly gives a gift, they might not get killed, but the next day they would certainly be dismissed. But in Ark Continent, they would give their gifts personally and also the most noticeable manner as possible.

When the people saw Zhao Hai, some of them immediately went over and gave him greetings. Zhao Hai also smiled and chatted with those people before he headed to the City Lord’s Mansion.

Once Zhao Hai passed by, a man beside one who greeted him asked, “Old Friend, who was that person? Why do I see that you’re more respectful to him than you did with the City Lord?” There were also people around them who didn’t know about Zhao Hai. When the person heard the question, he laughed, those who didn’t know Zhao Hai just stayed quiet.

The man scolded the person who asked and smiled with disdain, “Of course you don’t know, you don’t have any qualifications to do so. Let me tell you why I gave him more respect than the City Lord. It is because he’s a member of the Buda Clan, his name is Zhao Hai, the patriarch of the Buda Clan. He’s also very favored





by the Third Prince Charlie. With his undead, he managed to kill 200 thousand soldiers as well as six 9th rank level experts. Now you ask me why such a person deserve such respect?”[1]

When the person asking heard the man, he froze, with a shocked face he said, “That was Zhao Hai? I heard that he’s been called the most powerful Dark Mage in the battlefield. I didn’t think that he would be so young. That man has several women on his side, was one of them Megan?”

Those around them who didn’t know about Zhao Hai were shocked as well. They knew about Zhao Hai’s present status on the continent. Their status among nobles weren’t very high, but they were still well-informed. Naturally, the news that they received were exaggerated. Instead of killing 100 thousand people, they heard that Zhao Hai killed 200 thousand. And instead of killing four 9th ranks and two Divergent Ability Users, they heard that he killed six 9th ranks.

Although this was the case, they still managed to grasp Zhao Hai’s standing in the continent was higher than them. This was why they were very surprised when they knew that it was Zhao Hai who just passed by.

ZHao Hai didn’t know about any of these. When he arrived at the main entrance of the City Lord’s Mansion, Trezebo came out. The City Lord didn’t care about those in front and immediately went to Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, you came back, I didn’t think you’d come this time.”

Zhao Hai stared at Trezebo’s manner. To others, this seems to be nothing, but this showed Trezebo’s wisdom. First, it was said to make their relationship closer and the second was to gauge Zhao Hai’s reaction.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Why wouldn’t I come, isn’t it going to be the holidays? I’m going to visit Megan’s home and then stop by to see His Highness.”

When Trezebo heard Zhao Hai, a flash of happiness was seen on his eyes. Then he immediately replied, “Alright, come in quickly.” After he brought Zhao Hai inside the living room, Trezebo gave out a few crystal cards to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, this are your share of the profits from the first batch of marine products. You can tell me if you’re unsatisfied. Do you want to see the account books?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “No need to read the books, there’s no reason to deceive me over some small money because I may not cooperate with you later. Right, in the future, you can hand these money over to Mu’en, no need to wait for me.”

Trezebo smiled and said, “Alright, I’ll give the money to Mu’en in later transactions. You can just ask him to look at the books.”

Zhao Hai nodded and smiled, “I’m here





here to see you during the holidays and give you some seafood. These things are what I recently obtained. These are the finest seafood, don’t give them to His Majesty, they’re yours. I already have some for myself as well as His Highness.”

Trezebo smiled and said, “Alright, I’ll accept it. Right, there’s also something I need to give you.” Then he went back and before long he came out while bringing a set of clothes.

The garments looked very ordinary, just like something that a Noble would wear. Not like the kind of traditional noble clothes and was instead quite casual. It was something that would make one at ease when worn.

Trezebo gave the clothes to Zhao Hai and said, “This was something good I acquired before. I heard that Dwarves made it. Don’t underestimate clothes made by dwarves, they’re known to be very good. This was made of some light metal, it has good defensive strength as well as magical resistance. There are only a few of them on the continent. When I obtained this, I intended to give it to his highness, but now I’ll give it to you instead.”

Zhao Hai stared, then Laura’s alarmed voice said, “Pure Iron Robe! This is Pure Iron Robe!”

Zhao Hai didn’t understand, he turned to Laura and said, “Pure Iron Robe? What is Pure Iron Robe?”

Laura looked at the clothes and said, “The given name of this item is the Pure Iron Robe. There were initially five of them made by the Dwarves. Right now, there are only three of them left, two were destroyed. And it were 9th rank experts who destroyed the two. This weaved iron garment is a treasure even to the Dwarves. I heard that the Dwarves had one while another on is in the hands of the Radiant Church, perhaps the Pope. I didn’t expect the last one to be here.”

Trezebo apparently didn’t know as much as Laura, he turned to look at her and said, “Miss Laura, I actually don’t know what’s special about this robe.”

Laura nodded, “This iron robe was made from a kind of metal that Dwarves rarely used. This item isn’t just as tough as iron, it also has formidable defensive power. The most important thing about this was that it can actually cleanse the body, expelling dirt that attaches to it. It is a rare treasure that is warm in the winter and cool in the summer. Another great thing about this was that it was made from something called Pure Iron, some people call it Mother Iron.”

Zhao Hai and the others were still confused as the looked at Laura. Seeing their expressions Laura knew that further explanation was needed, “Mother Iron was a rare ore used by the Dwarven Race. When this metal is surrounded by





surrounded by stone, the stones would turn to iron. The Dwarves researched this metal for a long time. At first what they got was poisonous iron. So they made their Mother Irons into weapons, but they soon found out that the weapons were very light, the metal wasn’t easily melted either. In the end, they stopped making weapons out of it and stored the made weapons away. Even the iron that the Mother Irons produced were kept away.”

Laura stopped for a while. Zhao Hai and the others still didn’t understand. According to Laura’s description, then the material wouldn’t be susceptible to be a dress, right?

Laura looked at the others and then added, “But afterward, a talented Dwarf appeared and found a method to remove the toxicity of the Mother Iron. Now, the Mother Iron cannot infect its surroundings and was turned into a normal metal. But the dwarves called this metal Pure Iron, it meant that it was the purest form that iron can be. The more Dwarves found it difficult to process a metal, the better metal it was, and the more they wanted to turn it into useful things. The Mother Iron has already been turned to weapons, so they already know how to do that. And also, after many years of research, they finally found another method of processing it. They would let a Metal Silkworm eat the Mother Iron and then process the silk produced after into cloth. Afterwards, they finally were able to make this Pure Iron Armor.”

Zhao Hai and the others knew that this Metal Silkworm aren’t one of the very famous Magic Beasts in the continent. They have a very mild temper, and never attacked people since they had no means of attack. But their defensive capabilities are very strong. Their diet solely focuses on metals. No matter what kind of metal they eat, they can digest it, which was the main reason for their great defensive abilities. Even an average 9th rank expert would find it hard to take them away. Also, if they eat a certain metal, they would produce silk of the same type. If you let it eat gold, it would produce heaps more. It somehow produces more than what it ate.

They didn’t think that the method to produce this robe was actually like this. This was really not so simple, Trezebo regretted slightly, he didn’t expect this garment to be very precious. If he knew this information beforehand, he wouldn’t have given it to Zhao Hai but to Charlie instead.

When Zhao Hai saw Trezebo’s expression, he smiled faintly and handed the Pure Iron Armor back in Trezebo’s hand and said, “Trezebo, I don’t want these, you should give it to His Highness. This is too precious, if His Highness knew that you gave

that you gave such a thing away to anyone else, then he wouldn’t’ feel so good. It’s fine, its not something I want anyway.”

Trezebo gave Zhao Hai a grate ful look and said, “I’ve been unfair to Little Hai. I really didn’t know that this would be that precious. You should understand my difficulties.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Of course I understand, here take it. Right, make sure to tell nobody about this, or else people might steal it.”

When Trezebo heard Zhao Hai, his expression couldn’t help but change. With clenched teeth, he handed the Pure Iron Armor to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I’ll leave these clothes to you. When you arrive at Carson City, please give it to His Highness in my behalf”

Zhao Hai smiled, “No need to be polite. Rest assured, I will hand it ot His Highness personally. I wouldn’t dare covet this item.”

Trezebo laughed, “You’re mocking me. Hahaha. Right, since I didn’t get to gift you something, please stay for a meal and some drinks. We’ll drink since you’re leaving tomorrow. Are you able to make it on time?”

Zhao Hai laughed, “Able? Of course. Let’s go and drink.”

At this point, Zhao Hai was naturally happy. This was because when he received the Pure Iron Robe into the Space, a prompt was heard, “Unusual Radioactive Material detected. May affect environment, can transform surroundings into metal. Has Metal element Origin energy. Metallic ore output of Space increased. Space upgraded to level 48.”

This prompt made Zhao Hai incomparably happy. He really didn’t think that this Pure Iron Armor would still have it s original ability from the Mother Iron, but just reduced. People didn’t detect it, but the Space surely did. As long as it still held its ability, it didn’t matter how strong it was, it can still upgrade the Space and use it to strengthen themselves.

Now that the Space had obtained a new ability, Zhao Hai was happy. He believed that the Pure Iron and Mother Iron in the Space would get more and more. As long as he obtains them, he can make as many Pure Iron Armor as he can. Therefore, he really didn’t think about this Pure Iron Robe that Trezebo had.

Laura and the others didn’t know about these. But they weren’t very greedy. For them, the Space was the most important thing. A robe like this wasn’t very special.

On the other hand, Trezebo really commended Zhao Hai in his mind for being not greedy regarding items that weren’t his. He now thought that even if a pile of gold was placed in front of Zhao Hai, the young man wouldn’t even bat an eye. This was the type of person that one wanted to be friends with. Trezebo was very honored to know such a person.





* * *


  












Chapter 447 – Arriving at Carson City

When their meal with Trezebo came to an end, it was time for Zhao Hai’s group to leave. After leaving some seafood to Trezebo, Zhao Hai went to Mu’en’s place and took a rest before taking their ship out to sea.

The reason why Zhao Hai chose to travel by sea was so that nobody would know his whereabouts. It would make people see him as though they are looking at a deep well. Only then could he have his security.

Of course, with Zhao Hai’s current strength, he didn’t need to fear the Radiant Church anymore. But he also knew that if he shows off too much he won’t be able to live a good life. On the contrary, it may even lead the entire continent allying up against him because of this strength. For those rulers, Zhao Hai would become a threat much worse than the Radiant Church. Therefore, Zhao Hai chose to wait until the final moment, when he is sure that his strength was already too formidable for the other empires to deal with.

People always harbor a conflicting feeling for something that is too powerful, because at that point they wouldn’t be able to even hold a rebellious idea at all. This was the reason why strong forces always find ways to eliminate any threats that they come across, in order to ensure the safety of their benefits.

And Zhao Hai didn’t want to be one of those existences. He would rather have people guessing his strength and maintaining a mysterious feeling. People always regarded mysterious things with curiosity, they may become vigilant, but they wouldn’t think to eliminate them.

Zhao Hai believed that there weren’t a lot of people on the continent that would still dare make a move on him. He even managed to clean up a group of 9th ranks. So even if those people did have any ideas against Zhao Hai, they would still need to think about it. This was the advantage of strength, with enough strength, one could make his enemies think twice before acting against them.

While sitting on the ship, Zhao Hai let out a long breath. Then he drank some of the Space’s water. Now,





he didn’t smell of alcohol.

Laura and the others were on Zhao Hai’s side. When they accompany Zhao Hai, the atmosphere becomes peaceful, as well as very warm.

Zhao Hai turned to Laura and the others’ eyes and said, “The Space has already reached Level 47. I didn’t think that the Pure Iron Armor would actually give this much. Although it doesn’t belong to us, it still brought us some benefits.”

Laura smiled and said, “It is a good outcome every time the Space gets upgraded. Now we only need two levels before reaching level 50. I really want to know what changes happen to the Space when it reaches that level.”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled, “That’s easy to say. Pure Iron is definitely a treasure in the continent. But these things can only be found, not sought. However, even with how precious this thing is, it only brought three levels to the space. This time, it will become hard to raise the Space’s levels.”

Then Laura chuckled, “I don’t think so. Our luck is very good. Did you see how fast we managed to raise the Space’s levels? I think it won’t take too long before we fulfill those three levels.”

Zhao Hai just smiled and didn’t speak anymore. When it became dark, the Haven finally left Jade Water City’s region. Zhao Hai looked around to see whether there were other ships present. After that, they went to the Space and took their rest. At this time, even if they arrived at Carson City, they still wouldn’t be able to enter since the gates would be closed.

Zhao Hai has never seen Carson City, so he could only release a Blood Hawk and had it fly towards Carson City’s direction while carrying the Ghost Staff. When it arrives then they will go out.

Megan told the Blood Hawk Carson City’s direction then told Cai’er about how it looks like making her pay attention to it before she proceeded to sleep.

The next morning after they had their breakfast and went to the living room, the Blood Hawk finally reached Carson City. Zhao Hai was glad when he knew about this.

Outside Carson City, then looked for a desolate place before coming out. Zhao Hai released his Giant Horned Bull-pulled





Bull-pulled carriage and slowly headed to Carson City.

Zhao Hai planned to see Charlie first before heading to the Calci Family. Megan didn’t object, she also knew the direction to Charlie’s Mansion. Although she didn’t come to Carson City quite often, she still went there every year and lived there for a month or two. Because of this, she knew about the notable mansions in Carson City as well as their owners.

When they arrived outside Carson City, Zhao Hai learned how majestic the capital was. The walls of the City had reached an unimaginable height of 60 zhang(~200 meters) as well as a thickness of 100 meters. No wonder the books that Zhao Hai read stated that the city walls of Carson City took five years to build. Know that this construction used countless manpower as well as the cooperation of Mages.

There was a moat outside surrounding the whole city as well as bridges as wide as 100 meters. The bridge that they ran along lead to Carson City’s east gate, called the Sea Gate. The gate had 12 openings, with the middle three openings being the widest and highest, height of 30 meters and a width of 20. According to Megan, these three openings cannot be used by average people, only nobles can pass through. The remaining 9 openings were for commoners and merchants.

Since God’s Grace Day was approaching, the gate was jam packed with people waiting to enter the city. Only on those three openings did the lines became quite lax. Commoners and Merchants needed to pay entry tax as well as undergo a strict inspection in order to pass through while nobles didn’t, which explains the short lines on the middle openings. The nobles only needed to register, making their passage much quicker.

Zhao Hai and the others went to the three middle openings since they already have status. Hung on the carriage was the proper emblem of the Buda Clan. Although it only showed the status of a Count, nobody in the Continent would dare to underestimate this Count.

When Zhao Hai’s carriage stopped in line, it brought attention to those around it. There was no other person in the continent that used a bull-pulled carriage aside from Zhao Hai.





Zhao Hai. Because of this, it would be impossible for people to not notice him when he stopped in their vicinity.

The group slowly advanced and arrived at the gate before long. There was a dedicated recorder on the gate of the city. He held the task of recording every vehicle entering and leaving the city. He also listed who the vehicles belonged to.

When Zhao Hai arrived at the gate, the recorder listed their carriage under the Buda Clan’s name. Then he asked Shue and Shun, who were driving the carriage, a few questions before allowing them passage to the city.

Zhao Hai drove through the gate and entered the streets of the city. Once they were on the street, Zhao Hai saw how lively the place was. People came and went along the shops in the street, they were even more lively than Zhao Hai’s shop back at Jade Water City. Other places simply aren’t as lively as this, even Sky Water City. This was truly the capital of the continent’s most powerful empire, truly extraordinary.

While Zhao Hai and the others were driving along, they saw a group of knight heading towards them. The knights were wearing heavy armor and had badges on their bodies. They were all from the Calci Family and wanted to meet with Zhao Hai.

Sure enough, when the carriage met with them, a person went forward and said, “I just want to ask whether mister Zhao Hai is sitting inside the carriage.”

Zhao Hai opened the carriage door and showed a faint smile, “Yes it is. Why did these gentlemen come meet us?”

The knight immediately bowed and said, “I have seen mister, the Patriarch has given us orders to meet mister and invite him over.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No need to hurry, I’ve been asked by a friend to deliver something, this time I need to head to Third Prince Charlie’s mansion first. You could help me by leading the way.” The knight couldn’t ignore such request and immediately gave a command to his team before they headed towards Charlie’s mansion.

At this time, another group of knights appeared in front of them. These knights were also wearing heavy armor, but they were golden. The badges worn by this

worn by this group showed the emblem of the Rosen Imperial Clan.

When the team arrived in front of Zhao Hai’s carriage, a man bowed and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, His Highness has asked us to meet and escort mister over to his Mansion.”

Zhao Hai went out of the carriage and looked at the Knight and said, “You people are from His Highness’ Mansion?”

The knight answered, “Exactly sir.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It just so happens that I’m heading towards His Highness’ Mansion. Well then, please go lead the way.” The man stared for a moment before issuing a cry and went to the front of the procession while the men from the Calci Family retreated towards the back of the carriage.

Zhao Hai’s convoy arrived outside Charlie’s mansion quickly. The outside of Charlie’s mansion was very stylish, it looked very impressive. It wasn’t any worse than one held by a Grand Duke. In fact, Charlie’s status was that of a Grand Duke.

All Empires on the continent have the same custom. Only Princes who held the status of Grand Duke can compete for the throne, otherwise they wouldn’t be given the opportunity to do so.

When Zhao Hai’s carriage stopped outside the mansion, Charlie was seen walking out of the door. Just as Zhao Hai got off from his carriage, Charlie laughed and gave his greetings. “Little Hai, surprisingly, you came to me first instead of the Calci Family. Aren’t you afraid that Miss Megan would get angry?”

When Megan who was inside the vehicle heard Charlie, she couldn’t help but smile and said, “Your Highness, I’ll only get mad if Brother Hai greets you with more energy than he does with me.”

At this moment, there were a lot of people outside Charlie’s Mansion. When they saw Charlie’s enthusiasm towards Zhao Hai, even coming out to meet him personally, they immediately understood Zhao Hai’s standing in the Third Prince’s heart. Those people cannot help but be envious, but they knew that they cannot be jealous of Zhao Hai, they just didn’t have his strength.

When Charlie heard Megan, he laughed and said, “Miss Megan doesn’t need to get angry, I’m just cracking a joke. Right, let’s head inside quickly.” Then he pulled Zhao Hai to enter the mansion.





* * *


  












Chapter 448 – Dark Soldier Fort

In the living room, after everyone was seated, Charlie smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Why did you come this time? RIght, I’ve heard about what you did in Purcell Duchy, hahaha. Very good. With your reputation, there’ll nobody in the continent who would dare underestimate you even if you’re still a Count. Right, I was actually thinking of giving you a higher title in Rosen Empire.”

Zhao Hai knows that Great Nobles have a lot of titles in various empires, they may even have territories on those empires. This matter wasn’t rare, so Charlie’s offer was understandable. After all, even if the Buda Clan was a Count in Aksu Empire, their territory was in the Black Wasteland, something people can consider as having no territory at all.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then I’ll have to give my thanks to Your Highness. Right, there’s a gift that Trezebo sent for me to give you. Please accept it.” Then he placed the Pure Iron Robe on the table.

Charlie looked at the Pure Iron Armor and nodded, he already received word about it from Trezebo, so he already knew the background of this matter, making him quite calm when seeing it.

Charlie also knew that Trezebo meant to give the Armor to Zhao Hai but Zhao Hai didn’t accept it. Thinking about that, Charlie looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you can take this robe.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Highness, I have no use for this robe. You should keep it for yourself. Right, I’ve also prepared a gift this time. There’s some seafood here, I picked them out myself, they’re much better than those we sell.”

Charlie also knew about this matter, he smiled and said, “Alright, I’ll be impolite then, but those seafood are really welcome. The marine products that you’ve brought out last time really gave us huge profits, Little Hai, I really need to express my gratitude to you.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Highness is too polite, it wasn’t only you who profited so much, I also did get lots of money. I came this time to greet His Highness for God’s Grace Day in advance since all of us would be very busy later. After the new year, our liquor will be





available for market. At the same time, my business with the Beastmen would begin. I hope Your Highness has prepared yourself as well. We don’t want too much confusion, or else Your Highness will be losing money.”

Charlie laughed and said, “Rest assure, I can guarantee that there will be no problems. How could I possibly let the possibility of losing money happen to me?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the skies and said, “Your Highness, I should be leaving for the Calci Family. After all, I’ve only just arrived, it won’t be too good If I take too long in giving my greetings. When I find some free time, i’ll be visiting you again and have a meal together.”

Charlie smiled and said, “Alright, I know about how busy you are. You’re welcome here at all times.” Then Zhao Hai nodded and walked outside along with Megan and the others.

Charlie escorted Zhao Hai towards his carriage as well as having a team of Knights guide him towards Dark Soldier Fort. The Calci Family was a Great Clan of the Rosen Empire, but their main residence was actually not inside the city, but on a small mountain outside. Their residence was on a place called Dark Mountain, and the castle that they built there was called Dark Soldier Fort. The Calci Family actually had a small mansion inside Carson City, but that was mostly occupied by servants and extended families. The core of the Calci Family all congregate and live inside Dark Soldier Fort.

Zhao Hai and the others had to ride their carriage from Carson City towards Dark Soldier Fort. But fortunately, the fort wasn’t that far from the city, it only takes a bit more than an hour to arrive there.

While on the way, Zhao Hai noticed the many castles constructed on the mountains surrounding Carson City. All of those who resided on those castles were Old established Nobles of the Rosen Empire. These castles was also the first line defense of the capital. If one wanted to attack Carson City, they still need to break this line of defense.

Moreover, there was also a symbolic meaning to this arrangement. Because of their close vicinity to the capital, any of those nobles can also quickly amass an army and occupy the city and





and overthrow the current monarch. Because of this, those who resided on the mountains outside the Capital were seen as the most loyal vassals of the crown.

Dark Soldier Fort was built on the summit of Dark Mountain. Connecting the foot of the mountain and the summit was a cyan stone road. Its width was about ten meters. The mountain also had a lot of trees, and with how old some of the trees here were, one could see the mystery and elegance in the way they obscure the view towards Dark Soldier Fort.

In front of the road to the mountain was a bar blocking entry with a small house beside it. The house was meant to receive and list the guests.

Two servants went out of the small house and removed the bar to the entrance just as Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived. Apparently, they already received word about Zhao Hai’s arrival, they stood respectfully at the side and let Zhao Hai’s carriage pass through.

The team of Knights that Charlie sent left after delivering Zhao Hai to the foot of the mountain. They also knew that there were another team of Knights that would escort Zhao Hai towards the summit of the mountain. Since the members of the Calci Family still needed to get to the capital and back needed escorts, a team of Knights were always present on the family’s mansion inside Carson City.

Under the escort of the Knights, Zhao Hai’s carriage quickly arrived outside Dark Soldier Fort. Upon arriving there, Zhao Hai was quite shocked. This was because the fort looks like Iron Mountain Fort. The only main difference between the two of them was that Iron Mountain Fort was constructed on Iron Mountain while Dark Soldier Fort was constructed on Dark Mountain.

What can be seen outside the fort was a moat as well as walls, clearly showing that the place was very ready for war and was not meant to look good.

At this moment, the big gate to the fort was opened. Two heavy armored soldiers were seen in front of the gate as well as an old man. The old man wore a housekeeper’s robe. Although he was already quite old, he still held a straight body as well as a strong temperament.

When Zhao Hai and the others went out of





out of the carriage, Megan immediately rushed to the old man and said, “Grandpa Gan, why did you come out personally? Is it alright for you to specially come and see us?”

A smile arose from the serious face of the old man, he looked at Megan and said, “Little Megan has come back, of course I’ll go meet you. Otherwise, you might think that I don’t love you anymore.”

Although the man wore housekeeper’s clothes, he was very casual when talking to Megan, he didn’t follow customs at all. On the contrary, he acts like he was Megan’s senior.

Megan had also become accustomed to the old man’s way of talking and didn’t’ mind it at all. Instead she took at the old man’s arm in a spoiled manner and said, “But do you really love me? If you don’t, I’ll go on and tell Grandma.”

Gansu smiled and didn’t say anything more. He turned his head to look at Zhao Hai as Zhao Hai was inspecting the old man’s appearance. He saw that Megan had a good relationship with this man and knew that he couldn’t be ignored, so Zhao immediately gave a bow to Gansu and said, “Zhao Hai has met Grandpa Gan.”

Gansu sized up Zhao Hai and nodded, “Alright, young man, I’ve heard about all things that you’ve done, you’re very good. You’ve done them well and beautifully. I actually dislike that boy Juwan. And I also agree that those Radiant Church really think of themselves as god while dipping their hands into a lot of people’s businesses. Good thing you’ve made a big hit on them, so satisfying, hahaha.”

The old man’s words made Zhao Hai unable to speak anything. For this housekeeper to criticize Juwan, this gave Zhao Hai a vague idea about this old man’s identity and status. It seems like this old man wasn’t an ordinary housekeeper.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and replied, “I was forced that time, I wanted to live peacefully but they didn’t want that. They just wouldn’t let me go, so I could only rise up and resist.”

The old man laughed and said, “Boy, you speak the truth. Let’s go, the family members are waiting for you.” Then he lead the group into the fort.

This castle was divided into three sections, the soldier’s area, the servant’s area, and

servant’s area, and then the main area. The group entered the main area of the castle.

When Zhao Hai and the others were entering the courtyard, a person came along with a carriage. This carriage was specially meant to receive guests who arrived at Dark Soldier Fort. One must leave their personal carriage outside the fort and ride a specially prepared carriage to enter it. This was an old custom of the family, and it has stayed to this very day.

The carriage that the family had was very big, its interior decorations were also luxurious. Zhao Hai’s carriage simply cannot be compared to this. Moreover, the carriage has space for many people, one simply couldn’t feel that they were being packed inside.

Gansu looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you must prepare yourself. Elders from the family are waiting for you in the living room, Juwan is present as well. The losses that guy suffered was all because of you, he will certainly give you some troubles. Make sure to be mentally prepared.”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and asid, “Grandpa Gan, rest assured, there won’t be any problems. After all, he is Megan’s fifth uncle, so he’s also my elder. I’ll never go too far, you don’t need to worry.”

Gansu looked at Zhao Hai and nodded, he was very satisfied with the young man. He wasn’t soft but he wasn’t dry either. He was very polite, and was respectful to his elders.

Gansu didn’t know that deep within Zhao Hai’s bones were very traditional Chinese teachings. The Chinese heavily respects their elders. Respecting the elderly while loving the young were traditional virtues of the Chinese people. This was the type of teachings that Zhao Hai grew up on, thus the reason why he gave his utmost respect to Gansu. Naturally, if you’re old, but you’re very disrespectful, Zhao Hai wouldn’t’ tolerate it.

They aren’t arrogant, but they are proud. Zhao Hai was exactly like this, he will not look down on anyone but if someone looks down on him, he will not be respectful and polite anymore.

The carriage slowly moved on. The carriage had little vibrations, but Zhao Hai was still quite nervous. After all, he was still facing the core of a Great Family. Zhao Hai hasn’t experienced this kind of thing ever.





* * *


  












Chapter 449 – Disregard

When the carriage came to a stop, Zhao Hai took a deep breath before going out. He was someone who didn’t like to evade. When he encounters something, he would think of ways to deal with it. It was the same this time.

Zhao Hai looked around and saw that they were currently inside a courtyard. This was the inner courtyard where only the people closest to the family were allowed to enter. And all of them would need to ride the family’s carriage, even Randolph, the family’s patriarch, needed to do it.

Zhao Hai followed behind Gansu and walked to the front courtyard. The place looked very simple and in the middle was a single statue. The statue was of a Dark Mage, and under it was a carved name. It seems like this statue was of the first Generation patriarch of the Calci Family, the person responsible of building and sustaining the earlier period of the family.

Megan told Zhao Hai that no matter who they are, everyone who came here must give a bow to the statue first. Only then can they enter the main fort, this was also a custom of the family.

When Zhao Hai heard this, he immediately thought about how much customs a Great Family had. With this much rules, it’s a wonder why people can still listen and remember them.

After giving respects to the statue, Zhao Hai entered the main palace lobby. When he entered the lobby, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. The inside was filled by people and the youngest seemed to be Juwan. The others were middle-aged and elderly.

Randolph was sitting in the Patriarch’s seat with a flat expression. Smith sat beside him but not too close. With Randolph were a few old people, they looked like they held great power inside the Calci Family.

Zhao Hai looked at their arrangement and gave it a small glimpse. After that, he went forward calmly and first gave Randolph and Smith greetings before giving respects to the other people in the room.

Then Zhao Hai just stood there without making any noise, only staring at the people inside, looking as though he was watching a play. Randolph looks at Zhao Hai and can’t help but laugh inside. He had been dealt with this move from Zhao Hai before. Even if he already made a decision regarding Zhao Hai, the family’s elders were still unconvinced. Randolph had accepted Zhao Hai, but it was not the same for the others. This was the reason for today’s arrangement, they wanted to place Zhao Hai in a position where he would get pressured by the family.

At this time, Juwan was sitting not far from Smith and was staring viciously at Zhao Hai as if he had just killed his father.

Zhao Hai also noted Juwan’s stare, but he didn’t care. At present, his strength was something that Juwan cannot touch. And also, Zhao Hai just didn’t have much interest in people like Juwan.

Megan, Laura and the





others weren’t allowed to enter the lobby, and were instead lead to rest on the backyard. Because of this, they didn’t know about any of these.

The people in the room also stared at Zhao Hai but they felt uncomfortable. They thought that Zhao Hai would budge under the gazes of so many people. If Zhao Hai says even a single line, these people would make use of it to judge his character. However, Zhao Hai didn’t say a single word, his expression was also quite calm. He just stood there quietly, as though he didn’t care about anything around him. This left the family members with no idea about what they needed to do next.

Randolph came to appreciate Zhao Hai more and more. In truth, he was also very sick about the attitudes of family. But he had no choice, in the end, they were all on the same side. They were all of his loved ones, he didn’t want to go too far. This current situation was good, seeing Zhao Hai give those people zero face gave Randolph a feeling of satisfaction, instead of being angry, he was instead quite glad.

Both sides didn’t speak, they continued on with this stalemate. The people of the Calci Family began to feel unease, they didn’t want to speak first and give Zhao Hai the upper hand. They wanted to overwhelm Zhao Hai with pressure. And if they talked first, this was the same as losing to Zhao Hai. But they had no choice but to continue on, it really gave them the feeling of riding a tiger and unable to get off.[1]

Zhao Hai didn’t care about any of these, while the other people in the room weren’t feeling well, he was communicating with Cai’er about how Laura and others were treated. He found out that they were doing well, they were currently inside a room in Smith’s courtyard.

For a Great Clan like the Calci Family, the number of their branches were quite plenty. This was the Patriarch’s dwelling place, as well as the place he does all his work. Since the other branches are not from the capital, they naturally have their own courtyards inside the fort. Naturally, Smith also had one.

Zhao Hai was technically part of Smith’s branch, that’s why his fiance’s were sent there.

Seeing that Laura and the others were settled down, Zhao Hai felt relieved. However, he still didn’t take note of the expressions of everyone in the room as he continued on and switched to looking at Dark Soldier Fort.

Zhao Hai can see that the fort had underwent extension and reconstruction several times, but he also noted that the main fort remained just the way it was before. Moreover, he can also see the defensive strength of this place, so long as they had enough defenders, this castle can withstand an attack from an army containing 150 thousand soldiers.

Zhao Hai studied the castle to use it as reference when he expands Iron Mountain Fort. He also





also wants to make other castles in other places in his territory to form a defensive system. He wants to futureproof the Black Wasteland, otherwise, if they get attacked in the future, the commoners would surely suffer heavily. The villages alone cannot stop an army from advancing.

While Zhao Hai was looking all around, the other people in the room couldn’t’ remain sitting still anymore. From the peaceful setting in the beginning, there was now sounds of whispered discussion in the room. In the lobby, a small humming sound of collective discussions echoes. Although nobody said anything, they already knew that they lost this battle.

Randolph also thought the same, he gently coughed twice and said, “Alright, this is Little Hai’s first time in coming to the family. He’s already engaged to Megan, later on, he would be one of us. I think it would be better if we let him go back and take a rest.”

Zhao Hai also raised his eyes and looked at the others. But he still didn’t say anything, he believes that these people wouldn’t just let him off easily.

And just as Randolph voice fell, an old man sitting beside him opened his mouth, “No need to be anxious. Since Zhao Hai is a newcomer, then we must ask him some questions. I believe Big Brother won’t oppose?”

Randolph looked at the man, this was his third brother who struggles for the position of Patriarch with him in the past. In the end, Randolph won. But this brother has always opposed him. This time, he would surely give Zhao Hai a hard time. Randolph didn’t stop him, he just gave a nod and didn’t say anything.

Seeing Randolph agree, the elder’s eyes couldn’t help but reveal a smug look. Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai, I’m Megan’s third grandfather, why didn’t you give me any respects?”

Zhao Hai looked at this third grandfather’s eyes and faintly smiled, “Third Grandfather, this is the first time that I came to the family, so I’m not very clear about everybody’s status. But I’m quite sure that I gave my respects to Third Grandfather earlier. Did Third Grandfather not see it?’

Third Grandfather’s face sank upon hearing Zhao Hai, “Do you talk to your elders this way? You dare be disrespectful? Do you think that the Calci Family didn’t have rules?”

Zhao Hai looked at Third Grandfather with a faint smile as he replied, “I don’t know if the Calci Family has rules, but I’m quite sure that my Buda Clan has. My family’s first rule was : whoever dares slander our reputation will become the clan’s enemy. Punish according to the severity of the offense. But I think that my clan’s rules doesn’t apply to the Calci Family. Is Third Grandfather satisfied with my reply?”

Third Grandfather stared, he was speechless. He knew that Megan was engaged to Zhao Hai. And according to the rules in the continent, she was already part of the Buda Clan. And since Zhao Hai was the





was the patriarch of the Buda Clan, the rules of the Calci Family naturally didn’t apply to him. Third Grandfather only used this move to put pressure on Zhao Hai.

What Zhao Hai said made the other people from the family uncomfortable, they now looked more displeased with him. But they also have the feeling like when a dog bites into a porcupine, dealing harm only to be harmed itself. What Zhao Hai implied was basically, since he was still engaged to Megan, and were still not married, he didn’t have much of a connection to the Calci Family. And since he is the Patriarch of the Buda Clan, the Calci Family should receive him according to him status, and should have not treated him in such a manner.

Juwan wanted to watch Zhao Hai’s face turn ugly. But he didn’t expect him to not only act calm in face of pressure, he also made Third Grandfather speechless. This made Juwan mad, he stood up and looked at Zhao Hai, “Zhao Hai, you don’t get it do you? You’re just relying on Megan, what is there to be proud of? Do you think that we can’t end your engagement?”

Zhao Hai saw Juwan as though he was a mad dog, he only showed a faint smile and said, “I don’t” He said that with a calm manner while not even turning his face towards Juwan. This made Juwan quite irritated.

Seeing Zhao Hai’s actions, the people in the room became angry, the humming sound became louder. They were the elder of the Calci Family, Great Nobles of the Rosen Empire. When did someone have the guts to act like this in front of them?

Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and cannot help but smile. When he came to Sky Water City and met Zhao Hai, it made him reflect on the family’s situation. Currently, Randolph held negative feelings about the elders of the family.

The people in the room spent a long time speaking with each other but still didn’t come up with how to deal with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai’s current status was something they cannot easily snuff out, he had the strength to resist. Even if they are dissatisfied with Zhao Hai, they actually wouldn’t dare to go too far. After all, this young man in front of them can cause the family great trouble if they ever go into conflict. Ultimately, this man was able to kill several 9th rank experts.

When the others still couldn’t find out what to do next, Randolph coughed twice and said, “Do you people still have any questions for Little Hai? If not, we can let him take his rest.”

Gansu issued a sound at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and gave Randolph and Smith a bow each while giving the other people in the room another one. Then he turned away, with how courteous he was, nobody could find fault with him.

After leaving the lobby, Gansu suddenly laughed and said, “RIght, Zhao Hai, what you did was

you did was very good, hahaha. You’ve really showed those guys some character, hahaha, good job.”

Zhao Hai was sure that Gansu voice can be heard by the people inside. But Gansu still dared to say it, this made Zhao Hai more curious about this old Gan’s identity. He wore a housekeeper’s clothes, but not acting like one, this was really very strange.

Gansu looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Do you want to know why I can dare to not give them face and still come out alive?

Zhao Hai gave an honest nod. Gansu laughed and said, “Boy, if you shook your head, I will not tell you. You nodding showed that you have real courage. Well then, let me tell you how I came to the Calci Family. I was adopted by the Calci Family’s precious generation. At that time, the family had no single heir. From the rules of the continent, I have the right of inheritance. Moreover, my military exploits in the army were quite high. If we really did calculate everything, then I should be having the position of Patriarch. Foster father also liked me very much and was prepared to let me take charge of the family since he needed to concentrate on breaking through to 9th rank. However, I know that I have a worse temperament than Randolph, I’m too easily angered, too stubborn, not really suitable to become a Patriarch. Because of this, I took initiative to tell Foster Father that I’ll become a housekeeper and have Randolph become the Patriarch, father agreed. In the end, father broke through to 9th rank. Since I have father’s greatest favor as well as having the most ability to reach 9th rank, none of those guys dared offend me. Don’t think that this place is Randolph’s home, in front of father, he still needs to act accordingly.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he now understood why Gansu could be impolite. He actually had that identity, his foster father was the former generation’s Patriarch, and was a 9th rank expert, only a crazy person would dare offend him.

Before long, Zhao Hai arrived at Smith’s courtyard. The courtyard was very big, it was also named Rustling Tree Courtyard. There was an ancient tree towering inside, it had a very elegant atmosphere, Zhao Hai liked it very much.

Gansu led Zhao Hai to the door and told the servants about who Zhao Hai was. Then he tapped Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Young man, I’ll leave you here. I’ll find you in the evening and drink a couple cups with you, I’m quite busy right now.”

Zhao Hai respected this frank old man, he gave him a bow to Gansu and said, “Alright, when you’re done, I’ll pay respects to you with Megan.”

Gansu laughed and then waved as he walked away.






* * *


  












Chapter 450 – Banquet

When Zhao Hai entered the courtyard, a servant immediately came and guided him towards the place that Smith prepared. Smith’s place was very large. Inside were a lot of small courtyards intended for resting.

The servant left after leading Zhao Hai to his courtyard. Zhao Hai pushed the gate open and saw Shue. When Shue noticed who entered, he immediately announced, “The young master is back.”

When they heard Shue, Laura and the others went out. At this point, they were already wearing their home clothes, they looked very casual. Zhao Hai was surprised when he saw Megan.

Zhao Hai gave the group a greeting before entering the living room. When Megan saw that Zhao Hai had sat down, she immediately said, “Big Brother Hai, did the family embarrass you?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s alright, I’m fine, they didn’t manage to embarrass me. Right, if you have time, lead me to see Grandpa Gan. I have some seafood from the Space, I’ll go give some to him as our gift.”

Megan nodded and said, “Right, we’ll go to Grandpa Gan later. Big Brother Hai, what did you experience in the lobby today?”

Zhao looked at Megan and knew that if she didn’t get to know what happened today, then she would be uneasy. So Zhao Hai had no choice but to tell Megan and the others about what happened earlier.

When Megan heard Zhao Hai, she said, “Third Grandfather has always been like that. In the past, he already wants me to marry. Thankfully, Father and Grandpa managed to stop him, but it was not without pressure. Third Grandfather has strong relationship with a lot of elders, so they pressured Father and Grandpa all the time. The reason why Grandpa didn’t oppose to our engagement that much was precisely because of this matter.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he knew that these things tend to happen in Great Clans. Because of a human’s greed, people will always want more. They would resort to doing various things in order to sate their thirst.

Then Megan said, “With Fifth Uncle





being on bad terms with you, he already lost Grandpa’s favor. At this point, he should be holding a huge grudge with you. But since he doesn’t have Grandpa’s support, you don’t really need to worry.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “I have nothing to worry about. With my current strength, even if the whole Rosen Empire deals with me, it would be impossible. There’s no need to worry about.”

Megan sighed and said, “I’m not worried about your safety, I’m worried that Fifth Uncle would annoy you to the point that the Calci Family would pay for it. The Calci Family wouldn’t be able to resist your attacks.”

As soon as Zhao Hai and Laura heard Megan, they couldn’t help but laugh. Megan also chuckled, but what she said wasn’t a joke. The people from the Calci Family didn’t know how strong Zhao Hai was. But Megan knew that if Zhao Hai would seriously deal with the Calci Family, then the family would certainly cease to exist.

After laughing, Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you should still prepare yourself for the following days. I think you would be invited to several banquets.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he frowned and said, “Banquets? Can I not participate?”

Megan forced a smile and said, “That would be difficult, the Calci Family aren’t the only ones who would hold a banquet, other nobles would do so as well. The Princes will also hold a banquet. Even if you don’t participate in the other noble’s banquet as well as the Calci Family’s, would you dare decline Charlie’s invitation? Also, I think you should attend several banquets since it would benefit the Buda Clan. Establishing personal connections is extremely important for the clan right now.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he sighed. This was a nerd’s nightmare, they really didn’t want to socialize. For Zhao Hai, these banquets were surely a pain in the ass.

But what Megan said was also true. For a noble, banquets were a normal occurrence, which were also the bane of Zhao Hai.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai’s





Hai’s appearance and smiled faintly, “Elder Brother Hai, don’t worry, if you really don’t like participating on those banquets, then you can choose to not go. After all, the Buda Clan’s strength is already quite high. Even if you don’t go to those gatherings, other nobles would still take the initiative to approach you.”

Megan didn’t oppose, but she still said, “With the current strength of the Buda Clan, we can surely opt not to attend those banquets. But the problem with this is that our current strength is still not clearly known to other people. We may have killed 9th rank experts in Purcell Duchy, but the majority of the continent gave most of the credit to Origin Sword Saint. If that wasn’t the case, people would have already reached out to the Buda Clan. Therefore, I think that we should attend some of the banquets.”

Zhao Hai turned his head to Laura who nodded. At its current state, the Buda Clan really did need visibility in the banquets of other nobles, especially in those hosted by Great Clans. This would slowly make the Buda Clan known to the higher ranked nobles, which may lead to partnerships in the future.

Seeing Laura agree, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll go participate. But we should choose which ones to go to. I don’t want to spend all of my time attending banquets.”

Laura smiled and said, “Don’t worry, you won’t waste much time on those banquets. When God’s Grace Day passes by, it won’t take too long for us to become busy. There’s a lot of things waiting for us back at the Beastman Prairie. Even if you want to participate in a banquet, it would be impossible.”

At this time, Shue sound was heard, “Grand Duke Smith.”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t know what Smith came for at this time. But he still stood up and walked outside along with Laura and the others. Seeing Smith and the madam enter the courtyard, Zhao Hai immediately welcomed them inside the living room. After having sat down, Laura and the





and the others served them some tea.

Smith took a sip of tea and looked at Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, you really performed well today. Not only did you not smear the face of your Buda Clan, you’ve made father proud as well. I’ll be having a family dinner this evening. I will be inviting eldest brother, third brother and fourth brother along. You should also come, they really want to meet you.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, I will go when the time comes.”

Smith nodded, then he sighed, “You going against Third Uncle earlier isn’t a big deal. In the past, when you are still in conflict with the family, Father went to Sky Water City to confront your engagement with Megan. But in the end, he came back to the headquarters with a positive impression of you, which made the family elders dissatisfied. Today, I want my brothers to go meet you. We brothers can now be considered to be the core of the family. If all of us were to agree with each other, the family would be able to do anything. Otherwise, the family may keep on giving you weird looks in the future.’

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You don’t have to worry about that, I won’t be staying here for long. After God’s Grace Day passes, I would have to leave. But in these days, there should be no problems, I could just leave the fort for the time being.”

Smith sighed, he didn’t know what else to say. He knew that the people of the family had a general dislike for Zhao Hai because of the good he has. Almost everyone wanted to offend him, but they didn’t want to be the first since they didn’t want to suffer consequences.

Smith was afraid of this matter, although he didn’t know Zhao Hai’s true strength, he was sure that it wasn’t very weak. If those people from the family really did offend Zhao Hai, then the family would surely find themselves in a bit of trouble.

When Megan saw Smith’s expression, she couldn’t help but

couldn’t help but smile, “Father, there won’t be a problem. In the fort, Grandpa Gan will look after us. Outside, there’s no need to worry about it as well. Right, Father, can you pay attention to the banquets happening in the capital and see which ones suit the attendance of Big Brother Hai?”

Smith stared for a moment, then he immediately understood what Megan meant, he turned to Zhao Hai and sadi, “You plan to attend banquets? Considering my reputation, no noble would dare not send me an invitation.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “If I could choose, then I’d rather not attend any of them. But Uncle knows that with my Clan’s current status, we really need to make a few more connections. Therefore, I have no choice but attend those gatherings.”

Smith smiled and said, “Right, it’s as you said, not participating in any of them is not good. Alright, I’ll pay attention to some nobles who have good relations with our Calci Family and see which ones can provide you with benefits.”

Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t talk anymore. He knew that with the Buda Clan’s status, not many people would go and take initiative to invite him to a banquet. For Smith to seek those who are close to the Calci Family is also good, at the very least, for those people would have some sense of familiarity with him. If he went to those where he was relatively unknown, some ugly scenes may occur.

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Alright, let’s stop here, I’ll go back and get ready. When everything is prepared, I’ll have someone come and fetch you.” Zhao Hai nodded, then Smith, along with the Madam who was talking with Laura, left.

Looking at the departing Smith, Zhao Hai then turned his head to Megan, “Megan, what kind of persons are your eldest, second and third uncles? Are they like Juwan?”

Megan smiled and said, “They’re not, rest assured, my other uncles are really easy to get along with. Especially my third uncle, he doesn’t think of anything aside from cultivation.”





* * *


  












Chapter 451 – Story

After Megan’s introduction, Zhao Hai now had a general idea of the several heirs of the Calci Family. It should be said that there heirs were very good since they had their own special talents. With the exception of Juwan, each one of them are definitely capable of acting alone.

The eldest child Peter always stayed in the clan and acted as the head of the League of Dark Mages, his status within the league was quite high.

The second child was Smith, the one who held the family’s purse. Although the Calci Family also had fiefs on other places, it was without a doubt that the one who made the most money was Sky Water City. Because of how much money he made for the family, his status within was also quite high.

The third child Dillan was a cultivation freak, he was the one with the least interest in becoming the Patriarch. In his opinion, the position of Patriarch was just something that would impede his progress. He practiced since he was at a young age, he was now an 8th rank expert and may even break through to 9th rank one day.

The fourth child Mike was the diplomat of the Calci Family. He was a smooth talker, the help he provided for the family wasn’t small either. Without his help in making connections here and there, the Calci Family might not have retained its current status with the suppression of the Radiant Church.

They were all very important for the Calci Family. Although Dillan didn’t serve the family, he was the person that was closest to becoming a 9th rank expert. As long as his strength becomes 9th rank, Randolph can just sit comfortably in the position of Patriarch, nobody would dare oppose him then.

Just as Megan finished talking to Zhao Hai, a servant came with a message from Smith saying that everything was ready. Zhao Hai nodded and was followed by Megan to the meal. Laura and the others didn’t come with them, but Laura and the others didn’t seem to be excited. They knew that Zhao Hai really didn’t want to go, but he had no other choice.

Zhao Hai and Megan went to the main area of Rustling Tree Courtyard and





headed to the living room where Smith and his wife are waiting. He didn’t see any other person, so Zhao Hai can only greet Smith and the madam this time. Smith asked Zhao Hai to sit on the opposite end of the table and said, “This can be considered as a family banquet. I’ve already asked Kristen and Diya to invite their uncles. They should arrive soon. Since you are from the younger generation, I had to call you ahead of time.”

Zhao Hai didn’t object since he was truly a younger generation with regards to Peter and the others. So in today’s banquet, it was right for him to arrive earlier than the older generation.

He can now be regarded as from Randolph’s line, so there should be rules that need to be followed, especially during meals. Although he doesn’t need to follow the customs strictly like Kristen, he should still respect their rules from time to time.

Naturally, this also comes with exceptions. If he faces Juwan, then he certainly wouldn’t be following the family’s custom. If he gives me a foot of respect, the he’ll return it with a zhang(~10ft) of regard, this was Zhao Hai’s principle.

Before long, a servant’s voice announced, “The First, Third, and Fourth Young Master has arrived.” When his voice finished, three people entered the courtyard.

Zhao Hai and Smith immediately stood up to give their greetings. Zhao Hai looked at the appearances of the three people in front of him. The middle one was a person who had a normal noble’s appearance. There wasn’t any special feature to him aside from looking like an older version of Smith. This should be Peter.

The one on the left of Peter wore a Magic Robe. This magic robe was a traditional garment worn by Dark Mages. It looked very secretive. The person was very thin, but one could still see some fat here and there. He had a pale skin and looked very much like a sick scholar. This should be Dillan.

On the right of Peter was a person who wore magnificent noble clothing. Even if he looks a bit fat, he wasn’t very big. But if you compare him to both Peter and Dillan, then you could clearly see how much fatter he was.





was. But even though he had more weight, he wasn’t unsightly at all. He had a fair complexion and wore a smile on his face, looking very approachable. This should be Mike.

Smith immediately went forward and gave salute to the middle person first, “Elder Brother”. Then he turned his head to the two other people and said, “Third Brother, Fourth Brother, you came.”

Zhao Hai also went forward this time and gave the newcomers his greetings. When Zhao Hai was in the lobby, he also saw the three of them. But since they didn’t speak and just sat the entire time, Zhao Hai didn’t know their identity.

Peter also took notice of Zhao Hai’s presence, seeing Zhao Hai give his greetings, Peter couldn’t help but smile and said, “Zhao Hai? Hahahaha, I already heard of you, very good. You actually have some spine, not bad.”

Zhao Hai quickly replied, “I don’t dare, how can I accept Uncle’s praise when I’ve been impolite.”

Peter laughed, then he patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and didn’t talk anymore. At this time, Dillan suddenly said, “Zhao Hai, do you really have 10 thousand undead Beastman Cavalry?”

Zhao Hai already know that Dillan was a cultivation maniac, so he wasn’t actually surprised for his first words to be like this, so he immediately replied, “Answering to Third Uncle, I do. In the past on the Beastman Prairie, I got to help the Cow-headed Race’s Herculean Bull tribe in their matters. These undead Beastmen that I have are Fighting Bull Tribe’s cavalry.”

Dillan quickly replied, “Release one for me to see.”

Zhao Hai stared, then with an awkward face he turned to Smith. Smith smiled and said, “Go on and let Third Brother have a look, he likes to look at these things.” Zhao Hai nodded, then with a wave of his hand, an Undead Fighting Bull Cavalry appeared.

Dillan stood before the undead and carefully inspected it. At this moment, the undead had the appearance of a skeleton. After Dillan fully looked at the skeleton, he knocked a bone with his hand. And then with a shocked face, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “This is an Advanced Level Undead?”

Zhao Hai knew that he cannot hide the truth from an expert like Dillan, so he didn’t hide it as he





as he nodded and said, “They can also transform into Zombie form.” Then he wielded his magic staff at the undead Beastman before it turned into a Zombie Cavalry. Not only was Dillan intrigued with this, Peter and the others were also surprised.

What they were seeing was really different from a normal Zombie, it was no mystery why Peter and the others looked surprised. They had studied and researched Dark Magic ever since they were young, so they were extremely familiar with Dark Magic. However, they had not heard nor read about a Dark Magic spell that can transform an undead between a Skeleton and a Zombie.

One must know that in the system of Dark Magic, the branches of skeletons and zombies are different. When a Skeleton progresses, it would go from Iron Skeleton, Bronze Skeleton, Silver Skeleton and then Gold Skeleton. This progression was the same for Zombies, Iron Zombie, Bronze Zombie, Silver Zombie, and Gold Zombie. They had not heard of a Skeleton turning into a Zombie, as well as a Zombie turning into a Skeleton.

Dillan had also studied for a long time and even he had not heard of such scenario. Smith was the first to recover, he knew that he cannot make Dillan continue to inspect the undead, or else there would be no dinner that will happen.

Smith turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, store it first, then we’ll head inside to talk.” Zhao Hai nodded, and then received the Undead. Dillan actually wanted to inspect Zhao Hai’s undead more, but he was blocked by Smith. Then the group entered the room and sat down.

After they sat down, Smith turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what was that? Why is your undead different?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “This I don’t know. This may have something to do with my Magic Staff.” Then he showed his Ghost Staff. At this point the staff reverted to its original form, with the Skull and the gloomy atmosphere surrounding it.

Zhao Hai handed his staff over to Dillan while he said, “I got this Magic Staff from the Black Wasteland. Back when I drank the Water of Nothingness, I was totally depressed. I wanted to run to the Carrion Swarm and kill myself.

and kill myself. I didn’t expect that when I entered the swamp, this staff suddenly appeared. I became curious and took it to see what it was. And then I was surprised when the skull’s mouth opened and nipped my finger, taking along a drop of my blood with it. After that, I fainted and was ultimately saved by Grandpa Green. At that point, the Magic Staff had always followed me, there was no way to discard it. It also surprisingly cured me of the toxin from the Water of Nothingness. Most importantly, it was also a very good conductor for casting Magic. When I cast Dark Magic using this staff, it would also increase its potency. The undead created with the staff would have upgraded abilities, the lowest undead that it could make was Advanced Level Undead. It also had the ability to convert the undead from one form to another. Another good thing about this staff is that it can’t be stolen from me. If I get too far from it, it would just directly fly towards my direction. This staff is truly mysterious, even I don’t know its origin.”

Zhao Hai already had this excuse prepared. Nobody can also debunk his story since it was impossible for Green and the others to betray him. He went all out on this story with his novel writing skills, one could say this reason was very airtight.

When he heard Zhao Hai, Dillan couldn’t help but try using it to replicate its effects. But unfortunately, nothing happened. The staff seemed just like a piece of useless wood in Dillan’s hands.

Zhao Hai’s excuse was also believed by Smith and the others because the Carrion Swamp was truly mysterious. All these years, the number of 9th ranks who lost their lives inside were numerous. Nobody can survive in that place but who knew that Zhao Hai would actually find such a treasure there. All of them sighed when thinking about Zhao Hai’s good luck. They didn’t suspect Zhao Hai even for a bit, they knew that the Buda Clan had been transferred to the Black Wasteland, everybody knew it. Other than the Black Wasteland, Smith and the others cannot think of any other place where Zhao Hai could have acquired his current strength.





* * *


  












Chapter 452 – Homely

Dillan played around with the Ghost Staff for a while, when he finally got tired of it, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, didn’t you say that no matter where this Magic Staff is, it will always return to your hand? Go try and let me take a look.”

Zhao Hai smiled and nodded. When he saw Dillan gripping the staff tightly, he faintly smiled and with an intention Dillan’s hand suddenly felt light. Then the staff disappeared from Dillan’s hand as it appeared on Zhao Hai’s.

Smith and the other two who were observing couldn’t help but stare. They just saw the staff vanish from Dillan’s hand and then suddenly appearing on Zhao Hai. They had seen a lot of things, but this was something that they had seen for the first time.

After some time, Smith and the others recovered at looked at one another. Then with a surprised expression, they turned to Zhao Hai. Seeing their faces, Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “How this thing happens is a mystery, even I don’t know what’s going on. I still haven’t seen the full capability of this staff, but I’m slowly exploring it.”

Smith nodded and said, “So this is it. No wonder your strength rose in such a small period of time. It was actually because of this Magic Staff.”

Zhao Hai nodded, Mike, who sat next to him, turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what level of strength have you reached right now?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “I should be 8th rank, I can cast 8th rank magic spells.”

Smith and the other’s eyes went bright, an 8th rank expert can already do whatever they want in the continent. Smith was amused even more, “No wonder the Third Prince is very polite to you, so it was this.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “The Third Prince knows my strength, that is why he wanted to win me over. Although I agreed, I am actually not his subordinate. What he have is a simple partnership, he helps me, I help him, you could say that I’m more like his adviser than anything else.”

Advisers were also quite common among Noble Clans. These people were like Foreign Elders, but they are more free. They and the host Noble would only have an employment relationship, if a disagreement occurs, the two could just go on their own separate ways.

Advisers in the Continent were typically well-known people. Not only do they need to be strong, they should also be quite talented enough to give ideas and advice to the Nobles. Advisers receive very high respects inside a Noble Clan.

Smith nodded, “Right, it’s good that Little Hai chose to not sell himself off to the Third Prince, otherwise, matters would get troublesome. Alright, no need to talk about this anymore, let’s go have some drinks.”

Then





the group headed to the dining room. When they arrived, Smith invited them to sit down. The madam and Megan actually drew back, leaving the dining room to the men.

After the servants provided the food and wine, Smith, who sat in the seat of honor, smiled and held his wine glass, “God’s Grace Day is near, we brothers rarely have the time to eat a meal together. I actually invited Fifth Brother, but he has a grudge with Little Hai, so he refused. I cannot do anything about that. My invitation this time doesn’t have any other purpose. I just want you to meet Little Hai and also introduce you to him. This way, we might avoid offending each other in the future.”

Zhao Hai also held his wine glass up, he looked awkwardly at the other people. When Peter and the others looked at Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but laugh. Although they struggle with each other for the seat of Patriarch, they were smart people and knew that they cannot harm the Calci Family, unlike Juwan. This was also the reason why Juwan was quite distant with his brothers. Juwan rarely came to gatherings with his other brothers.

Mike looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Even if I only met Little Hai today, I’ve already heard a thing or two about him. I’m very sure that if younger brother didn’t provoke Little Hai before, then there would be no conflict that would happen. And if Third Uncle didn’t send those ships off to Little Hai, then the family wouldn’t have lost all those ships.”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said to Mike, “Fourth Uncle overpraises me. This one is just an inexperienced junior, I don’t deserve your praise.”

Mike smiled faintly, “Little Hai, no need to be too polite. You’re quite commendable, otherwise the Buda Clan wouldn’t have reached its height in such a short time. And even if you don’t use your strength, oh well, no need to talk about that, come, come, let’s drink.”

Smith and the others held their wine glasses and drank the wine. It was good wine since what they were drinking was Zhao Hai’s Milk Wine. This Milk Wine was roughly manufactured, so it wasn’t that strong, therefore they can down an entire glass in one go.

Peter and the others didn’t discuss the matters of the clan too much, they just idly talked about their daily lives, like how brothers did. This made Zhao Hai confused, he didn’t understand the purpose of this gathering, are they just here to discuss their feelings?

Only after a while of talking about their daily activities did Zhao Hai slowly understand. Even if these brother were very polite to each other, in the end, they were still fighting with each other for the seat of Patriarch. So naturally, they wouldn’t go





go deep into their matters and risk giving the others a chance to get ahead. This would affect their relationship, so this shallow conversation was the best thing that they could do.

While sitting there, Zhao Hai looked at the Smith and the other who were calmly chatting away. He couldn’t help but sigh, these people acted very kind to each other right now, but he knew that when this ends, they would go back to contesting with each other. This made Zhao Hai think of hypocrisy.

After having eaten their meal, Zhao Hai and Smith lead the three others to the exit. After which they returned to the living room along with Kristen and the others. When the group sat down, Smith looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what do you think?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “From what I’ve seen, it’s been very good. Everyone fights with each other, but it must be based of ability other than outside intervention. This is the essence of healthy competition. I think this is very good, only with such talents can the Calci Family become better in the future.”

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and nodded, “You’ve observed well, Little Hai. Actually, in addition to the family’s elders, there is also the family’s law enforcement group. This group is directly controlled by the family’s 9th ranks, the Patriarch held no power over them. Because of this, even if the core of the family’s functions are in a fight over the seat, they couldn’t go far in the face of the law enforcement group. Little Hai, your Buda Clan is still struggling despite its strength. Emerging Clans perish in the continent every day. You have a lot to learn in our Calci Family, this way, in the future, you won’t be going blind when going forward, understand?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I understand, Uncle, rest assured I will study hard.”

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Your Buda clan is connected to the Aksu Empire in the past, if you continue on this way, your clan won’t become great. But because of your disaster this time, an opportunity to cut your ties with the Aksu Empire has arrived. Then your family can survive for a thousand years.”

Zhao Hai stared, he really didn’t think about this, he also felt that he lacked confidence. He was only a nerd, now someone told him to build a Thousand-year Great Clan. Although he had the Space, he still wasn’t convinced.

Smith saw Zhao Hai’s hesitation and said seriously, “Little Hai, don’t blame me If I lecture you too much. You’re very talented, a capable leader, competent, and also a good natured person. The only problem with you is that you don’t have a lot of confidence. You always make the worst moves and just fix the consequences afterwards. Although you can fix





can fix them later, you will still lose opportunities, and that is not right.”

Zhao Hai looked at Smith and forced a smile, “I know that, but I have no other choice, that’s just my character. You may not know this, but the Buda Clan doesn’t really have much right now. We don’t have that much people to farm. Outside the 100 Human slaves that we bought and the 1000 Giant Horned Bulls we got from the Cow-headed race, we really have too few people in the Clan. Moreover, these few people cannot walk the continent openly. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be running around right now.”

Smith nodded then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Your assembly line method is very good. Father is preparing to use it in the family. Your factory should be using them, yes?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “I won’t hold anything from you. Although the assembly line method gives efficiency in production, the products made are all of standard quality. There are some things that doesn’t need assembly line production, and are much better produced the old way. Although they are produced slowly, the quality is better and are generally more durable, giving you the leverage to charge a higher price for them. People may not feel it, but they will slowly understand, they might even prefer those produced in the old method. It was only because I have no other choice that I had to resort to the assembly line method.”

Smith smiled, “That’s quite a good method. But you’re right, there’s no way for our Calci Family to produce high quality goods like you because of the numerous products we make. This made it even more applicable to use the assembly line method for our factories.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “It’s because of that point why our Buda Clan cannot have the same arrangement as you have right here. I can say that the advantage of our Buda Clan is that point, thus I don’t dare take any risks.”

Smith nodded, “What you said is also right, don’t worry, you can work on it slowly. After all, you’re now 8th rank, you still have a lot of years left in you. As long as you make the right moves, the Buda Clan would do well.”

Zhao Hai nodded, but he sighed, “I really didn’t dare think of these things before. I don’t know for how long I can live with the Water of Nothingness. Now that the toxin has been cured, I can now feel relief.”

Smith naturally knew how fierce the Water of Nothingness was. How its effects trickle down even to your descendants, thus he didn’t feel any wrongs from Zhao Hai’s words.

Zhao Hai then shook his head and said, “Uncle, after celebrating the new years, I’m preparing to head back to sea and get some more products for Charlie. After that, I’ll be heading

I’ll be heading to the Prairie, I still have a lot to do there.

Smith nodded and then said, “I don’t mind, but if you have any good business, you shouldn’t forget about Sky Water City.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Right, we were thinking about opening a shop at the city after the new years as well. I’ll have Megan handle this matter, I’ll make her discuss it with you later.”

When he heard Zhao Hai, Smith couldn’t help but stare, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You really want Megan to handle your shop in Sky Water City? She has no prior experience in this matter.”

Kristen and Diya were also giving Zhao Hai a surprised expression, they didn’t expect Zhao Hai to give any responsibilities to Megan. In the past, Megan was a tender young lady, the family just let her go eat, play and wander around. But now, Zhao Hai actually wanted to have her handle a business? Is this okay?

Zhao Hai looked at the surprised faces and smiled, “It’s fine, I’ve already talked about this with Megan. She had grown up in Sky Water City since childhood, she was the most familiar with the place. Therefore I decided to let her handle the business, moreover, I think she would love doing it.”

Smith smiled bitterly, he didn’t expect Megan to develop such a personality. Her tender young lady who only knew how to look good was now going to handle such a heavy responsibility.

Zhao Hai looked at the time and turned to Smith, “Uncle, it’s already quite late, I must go back.”

Smith nodded, then Zhao Hai gave him a bow before leaving. Seeing Zhao Hai leave, Kristen looked at Smith and said, “Father, Zhao Hai didn’t seem to trust us. Why didn’t he tell us their location?”

Smiled bitterly, “Just like what he said, the Buda Clan is still relatively weak. Because of this, he just can’t take any risks, otherwise their location would be compromised, resulting in their end. However, I think their location shouldn’t be very far from the Prairie, otherwise he wouldn’t just run to the Prairie by coincidence and acquire a lot of Beastman slaves.”

Kristen nodded, “Zhao Hai offended the Radiant Church before, one of the most powerful forces in the continent. There are no other places to relocate his family other than somewhere close to the Beastman Prairie.”

Smith nodded and said, “You pay attention to the Noble banquets happening in the capital. Find one where we have a good relationship with. Little Hai needs to attend a lot of banquets in order to establish himself. No matter what, Little Hai is now engaged to Megan. For the good of Megan, we must help the Buda Clan prosper. If the Buda Clan is doing well, Megan would get to live a happy life.”

The two nodded, then turned around to leave.





* * *


  












Chapter 453 – Side Dishes

After returning to his courtyard, Zhao Hai sat down and let out a long breath. When Laura saw Zhao Hai, she immediately gave him a cup of hot tea and said, “Brother Hai, what happened? You seem very tired, what did you talk with Smith about?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “He didn’t say anything wrong, he was very polite. But being with them is very tiring, I feel even more tired than I did while fighting.”

When she heard Zhao Hai, Laura couldn’t help but smile, “Of course it’s more tiring than being in a battle. When fighting, you just stay behind and common the troops, it’s really not that exhausting.”

Zhao Hai gave Laura a look which caused him to laugh. At this moment, Megan also came in. When she saw Zhao Hai, she smiled and said, “Big Brother Hai, it seems like they are very impressed by you. It’ll be great if my uncles support you. This way, we won’t be facing any obstacles in the future.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s not really that good. When I had dinner with your uncles earlier, they didn’t discuss any matters of the family and just did small talks. This meant that they are still on guard with each other. If we get into such great trouble, I don’t’ think that they will be supporting us that much.”

Megan sighed when she heard Zhao Hai’s words. She knew that Zhao Hai’s words were real. She knew that even if his uncles are now friendly with each other, when it comes to the battle for the seat of the Patriarch, they would surely be impolite.

When he saw Megan’s expression, Zhao Hai comforted her and said, “Well, it’s alright, you don’t need to think too much into it. I know that all your uncles still place the Calci Family first. Uncle Smith also told me about the arrangements of the family. You don’t have to worry too much.”

Megan nodded, but one could still see that she was quite unhappy. Zhao Hai couldn’t do anything about this family struggle, this kind of scenario happens in almost all families.

Zhao Hai thought about shifting the topic as he said, “ We’ll send Grandpa Gan some seafood later. God’s Grace Day is in





two days, so I’m thinking we should take a stroll around the capital and play around. This period of time, various products should be converging inside the city because of the holidays. We must go around and find some good things to bring back.”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Alright, let’s go to the city tomorrow and have a good look. What does Big Brother Hai want to buy?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “At this point I don’t know, but I still want to take a look, maybe I’ll find some things I like. Let’s also go to the slave market tomorrow, I think we still need quite a few more slaves back at the territory.”

Megan nodded and said, “Alright, but Brother Hai, do we really need to buy more slaves? Don’t we have 100 thousand slaves coming from the prairie?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Rest assured, I didn’t forget about that. But those Beastman slaves cannot farm. We need to buy some Human slaves and have them teach the Beastmen the basics of farming. Moreover, Humans can make simple houses, while the Beastmen cannot, they are already quite used to living in tents, it’s a matter of habit. Because of this, I thought that it would be better to get more Human slaves.”

Megan nodded, “Right, but the slave market isn’t inside the city, it’s outside. I think the slave market would be more busy after the holidays and also have more slaves, it would be a good idea to head there at that time.”

Zhao Hai replied, “Why would it be busy at that time? And if it would be busy by then, won’t we be unable to select the good ones?”

Megan smiled and said, “During the holidays, Great Nobles would be too busy to go buy some decent slaves. After the holidays, they would go find some slaves to help them manage their matters. If those slaves do well, then they would be living a good life. Moreover, they also lost a lot of slaves because of exhaustion and sickness, so the nobles would also look for new ones by then. But Brother Hai doesn’t need to worry, there are a lot of slaves in the market, it would be impossible for us to not find some good ones.”

Zhao





ones.”

Zhao Hai frowned and said, “Where did these slaves come from, why are there too many?”

Laura smiled and answered, “Brother Hai doesn’t know, but those slaves are commoners who were unable to pay their taxes, some are also those who borrowed money and wasn’t able to pay it back. Some are generational slaves, children of other slaves. There are also some elderly slaves who are not needed anymore. Because of this, there has never been a shortage of slaves in the continent.”

Zhao Hai sighed, he cannot say anything. He knew that with his present ability, he has no way of changing this custom of the continent. He could just do his best in order to help those he can.

Megan also knew about Zhao Hai’s thoughts. When she first heard about Zhao Hai releasing slaves and restoring the commoner status, she was startled. But she was also a good person, when Meg explained to her about Zhao Hai’s intent, she immediately approved of Zhao Hai’s methods. Now that she saw Zhao Hai looking quite unhappy, she shifted the topic to something else, “Big Brother Hai, how about you give Grandpa Gan the seafood right now? This will also give him more time to prepare them.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he stood up. Laura stood up as well and said, “We’ll go explore Dark Soldier Fortress in the meantime, I want to see what makes it different from Iron Mountain Fort.”

Megan smiled and said, “Alright, but Dark Soldier Fortress has some areas that are forbidden. Only some places are allowed to be explored, I’ll go lead you there.” Then she went with Laura outside, Zhao Hai smiled helplessly as he followed right behind them.

When they left the courtyard, they were immediately greeted by some servants. Megan asked one of them to lead them to Gansu. Gansu held special status in the family, even Randolph held some sort of respect to him. Gansu is someone who never limits the things coming out of his mouth and was generally quite impolite. But although he had an explosive temperament, he was actually quite kind to the servants. Because of this, the servants in the family gave him very high respect. If they made any mistakes, Gansu would just scold them a bit and then forget about it later.

Zhao





it later.

Zhao Hai quickly found Gansu, who at this time was in the kitchen. Since God’s Grace Day is approaching, there was a massive need to prepare some food, especially in a place like Dark Soldier Fort. Since banquets were happening, it won’t be good for the family’s face if they were to run out of food.

At this time of the year, Gansu was in charge of keeping everything in check inside the warehouse of the kitchen. Gansu didn’t have any impatient expressions, he carefully inspected everything.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare when he entered at the warehouse. The things inside were simply numerous. There were even some ingredients that he had never seen before. All of them were neatly placed inside the warehouse according to their classifications.

At this moment, the servant arrived at Gansu’s side and whispered a few words. Gansu stared for a moment before he turned to look at Zhao Hai. Gansu’s impression of Zhao Hai was very good, so he immediately stepped forward and laughed, “Liitle Hai, Little Megan, why did you come here? You want to have some delicious stuff? Don’t worry, if some arrive I definitely won’t forget you.”

Megan ran up to Gansu’s side and held his arm, “Grandpa Gan, Big Brother Hai came here to deliver some stuff. You better receive them or else you will certainly regret it.”

Gansu stared, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you have some good things? What are they? Can I see them?”

Zhao Hai smiled and waved his hand, making a big pile of products appear on the floor. One could see some swordfishes and crabs among other things. Moreover, their sizes aren’t very small.

These are the things that Zhao Hai asked Cai’er to cultivate. With how large they look, they would certainly be eye-catching.

Gansu looked at the products and couldn’t help but be surprised. His eyes turned bright when he saw the swordfishes as well as the crabs. These are very rare in the continent, even if one saw them, they were very hard to catch. If these are made into dishes and shown to others, their banquet would surely have high attendance.

These past few years, there were no new dishes that were served in these banquets. Everyone just ate the same things, there was nothing

there was nothing new. But with these things present, the Calci Family’s banquet would surely be very good.

The things that Zhao Hai took out were all dead and frozen, but it still baffled Gansu. They would generally cool the products inside cold storage areas filled with magic arrays, this way, they would last a long time, and may even allow them to be consumed in the summer.

Gansu stared at the pile for quite some time before he turned to Zhao Hai, “Good, boy, you really have good things. With these seafood, we could make the Buda Clan shine this year. Good job.”

When she saw Gansu’s reaction, Megan smiled, “See, Grandpa Gan? I said that Big Brother Hai has some good stuff. Go get some people to take them away quickly, or else they would melt. Alright, we’ll be going now, I’ll go lead sister Laura and the others to explore the fort.”

Gansu didn’t stop them, he nodded and said, “Go, go. Little Hai, since you won’t be joining the ladies, come with me. Let’s have a drink between grandfather and grandson.”

Zhao silently nodded and stayed. Megan and the others chuckled as they went away. Gansu wasn’t polite with Zhao Hai as he directly brought him to the kitchen. He had the cook make some side dishes for them as he took out a pot of wine and sat with Zhao Hai to drink.

In the past, Zhao Hai would drink some wine with his old friends. He wouldn’t drink too much and would just enjoy the chat and the company, it felt great. But when he arrived in the Ark Continent, he wasn’t able to experience such opportunity. And now, Gansu made him remember the old times, this gave Zhao Hai a warm feeling.

Gansu and Zhao Hai leisurely drank wine and ate some of the side dishes, they had a very good time. Even if it was the holidays, and everyone in the fort were quite busy, Gansu was an exception. He would just delegate the tasks to his subordinates and would just check their progress from time to time. Because of this, he wasn’t that busy. Moreover, the servants that were under him were the children of the slaves, they didn’t have much negative feelings towards him, making Gansu’s life quite at ease.





* * *


  












Chapter 454 – Two Types of Liquor

Gansu initially thought that since Zhao Hai was a child born of a Noble family, he would be unfamiliar with this set-up of drinking and eating side dishes, and would be uncomfortable while being with him. However, he didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would actually have a very happy expression, he chatted with him, drank some wine while munching on some food. Seeing how Zhao Hai was more comfortable than he was, Gansu’s impression of Zhao Hai cannot help but raise two points.

After drinking a glass of wine, Gansu said, “Little Hai, I can see that you’re a good kid. But I want to tell you that I’ve watched Little Megan grew up. Although this little girl is noble born, she is good natured, she’s pure as water. If you dare not treat Megan well, then even at the cost of my life, I will teach you a lesson.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Grandpa Gan, you’re thinking too much. I have a very good relationship with Megan, it would be impossible for me to not treat her well. Rest assured, Zhao Hai isn’t that bad of a person.”

After hearing Zhao Hai, Gansu nodded and said, “If something happens in the future, go have someone send me a letter. There are a few people in the Calci Family that I can’t handle, there are also a few people in Rosen Empire that would dare not give me face. Those fellows in the Family, you don’t need to care about them. If they give you trouble, I’ll take care of it.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, although he didn’t fear the Calci Family, he still didn’t want to fall out with them because of his relationship with Megan. Because of this, he was happy with what Gansu said.

Gansu looked at Zhao Hai and seemed more satisfied. He smiled and said, “Little Hai, you’re a talented fellow, you’re future won’t be small. But do remember to not forget about your grandfather when you get some good stuff. Your Grandpa Gan doesn’t have any other hobby other than drinking. Your Milk Wine is very good, if you have any other nice liquors, do remember to give some to me.”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect Gansu to ask for nothing else other than some nice wines. This surprised him, he admired this old man in front of





him. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and with a wave of his hand, two bottles of liquor appeared. One bottle was black beer, while the other was good rice wine.

These two bottles weren’t fermented by Zhao Hai’s group, but were instead produced by the Multipurpose Processing Machine. Of course, Zhao Hai didn’t plan to produce his liquor through the processing machine. He only had the machine produce the liquor so that the people researching them could have a reference. After countless experiments and finally producing the liquor, these two bottles were the only ones that remained.

Gansu looked at Zhao Ha’s two bottles. The bottles were transparent, so he can see the color of its contents. One of them was transparent while the other was black, which made him very confused.

Zhao Hai opened the black bottle first. Naturally, this black liquid was black beer. The beer’s foam was very rich. Zhao Hai intentionally got a big glass, filling half of it with beer while the other half was filled with foam.

Zhao Hai raised the glass to Gansu and smiled, “Grandpa Gan, have a taste, this is a new liquor that I’ve been researching. But this one doesn’t have any means of mass production right now, this bottle is from the most successful batch.”

Gansu looked at the half-filled glass. He smelled it and got a mild smell from it, but despite this, he couldn’t help but be more curious. He took a small sip and tried to taste it, only to find out that he only drank the foam. Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Grandpa Gan, this liquor isn’t too strong. Just drink the entire glass so that you can taste it.”

Gansu didn’t blame Zhao Hai, instead he followed his instruction and downed the glass in one go. He couldn’t help but stare before his eyes lit up, “Good liquor, fantastic! The taste of this liquor isn’t very strong. It has a different kind of taste, but it isn’t something I’m used to.”

Zhao Hai looked at Gansu, he knew that the old man liked strong liquor. He didn’t say anything and just handed Ganus a cup of rice wine.

Rice wine was divided into many types, rice wine produced by peasants were generally not distilled. Because of this, the liquor wasn’t very strong, even children can take one or two cups of it.

But those produced by most farmers have been distilled,





distilled, giving the liquor quite the strength. Although it was slightly sweet and does not go to one’s head, it was still strong. What Zhao Hai took out was the latter type, a fierce rice wine, which was also something that a northerner like Zhao Hai liked.

Because the weather in northern parts of China were generally cold, people liked to drink strong liquor. Because commercial rice wine aren’t very strong, families in the north decided to brew their own liquors in their backyards. They didn’t like drinking those weak liquor, even drinking a jin of it would still make them unhappy. Northerners want to drink strong liquor, something over 40 degrees and along the lines of 60. Let along one jin, an average person would get drunk in just half a glass. Even if you’re quite an experienced drinker, you would still feel tipsy.

The rice wine that Zhao Hai took out was over 40 degrees. For those in the north, it was still considered to be on the low side. Adding on to its sweet taste, people who drink it wouldn’t get hit that hard by its intensity.

Gansu looked at the cup, he lifted it up and smelled it. This wasn’t Milk Wine, it didn’t have that milky fragrance. Instead, this rice wine had the smell of regular wine.

After smelling the liquor, Gansu tasted it, then his eyes turned bright, he immediately downed the entire cup and swirled the liquid inside his mouth. He wrinkled his brows, the strength of this wine was higher than Milk Wine, a liquor known for how strong it was.

After savoring the alcohol, Gansu laughed and said, “Nice Wine! This is really nice wine, Little Hai, If you have any more of this liquor, you must leave some here for me.”

Zhao Hai gave a forced smile and said, “We still didn’t have any way to mass produce this liquor right now, we only have this bottle left. I’ll leave this bottle to you, when we find a way to make a lot of them, I’ll go and send you a batch.”

When Gansu heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but laugh as he said, “Good, I’ll wait for your delivery. Come, come, this bottle still has some left in it, today we drink.”

Seeing how the other person was very enthusiastic, Zhao Hai didn’t decline. He and Gansu continued to eat some side dishes while





dishes while drinking liquor. Before long, the bottom of the bottle can be seen. With Zhao Hai’s current capacity, he was now feeling dizzy. He stopped drinking and said his goodbyes before returning to Rustling Tree Courtyard.

Zhao Hai immediately drank some Spatial Water upon arriving at the courtyard. To be honest, even if the liquor that he drank was very simple, it was the most enjoyable drink that he had in a long time.

Blockhead and Rockhead were present, Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Tomorrow we’ll go to the city and buy some things and have them delivered to Iron Mountain Fort. No matter what, we have over 1000 people in the fort, this God’s Grace Day, we need to help them celebrate.”

Blockhead and Rockhead nodded, then Zhao Hai said, “When you go back to the fort tomorrow, you don’t need to return here. The place should be very busy, you two can go help Grandpa Green and the others. Although the Beastmen doesn’t celebrate God’s Grace Day, they are still in human territory, let’s make them experience our festivities.”

Blockhead and Rockhead nodded again, these more than 1000 people can be considered to be part of the Buda Clan. Naturally, they would treat them properly.

After some time, Megan and the others came back. When she saw Zhao Hai, Megan cannot help but smile and said, “Big Brother Hai, I didn’t you we’re very strong. I just saw Grandpa Gan earlier with a reddened face. There is no way that his capacity for liquor is that low, what type of wine did you drink with him?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “No need to tell me that, you’re Grandpa Gan’s alcohol capacity isn’t a joke. I almost couldn’t head back here, I only managed to feel well after drinking some Spatial water.”

Megan also knew that the Spatial Water can sober one up. When she heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but chuckle. Zhao Hai didn’t care about it as he looked at the skies and said, “The sky has already turned black, I’ve been drinking with Grandpa Gan all this time. Wouldn’t your family be looking for us? I didn’t do anything else today other than eat.”

Megan and Laura smiled, then Megan replied, “It’s alright, I already had Grandpa tell Mother and Father to not prepare any meals today.”

Zhao Hai nodded then he said, “That’s great. I’m quite tired as well, I’ll

as well, I’ll go back to the Space and rest for a while. You go play outside and when you’re done, you can just talk to Cai’er if you want to go to the Space.” Then his body flashed and entered the Space.

Laura turned her head to Megan and smiled, “It looks like Brother Hai is really very exhausted. Megan, we’ll go to the city tomorrow to buy stuff. Iron Mountain Fort will also be celebrating the new year. We must prepare something for them.”

Blockhead smiled, “Miss Laura can feel relieved, the young master already told us that we’ll buy some items for the fort tomorrow. Then I will go back there to help along with Rockhead.”

Laura nodded, “It looks like Elder Brother Hai already thought of this. Right now, Iron Mountain Fort doesn’t need to worry about food and water. I think it would be good if we get some things that aren’t produced there.”

Megan nodded, “Right, we’ll go to the eastern market tomorrow. The eastern market sells rare goods. We can go there and take a look at the various goods used in the continent. I’m thinking of buying some things for the people of Iron Mountain Fort. This is the first year that our Buda Clan reappeared on the continent, we must make this celebration lively.”

Laura looked at Megan and smiled, “Little Megan is quite good, now starting to say ‘our’ Buda Clan. It seems like she’s very impatient to marry Brother Hai.”

When Megan heard Laura, her face couldn’t help but redden, she turned to Laura and said, “Why are you saying that to me? You’ve been with Big Brother Hai for longer, aren’t you more impatient than me?”

Laura’s face also turned red, she turned to the sneering Meg and couldn’t help but tease, “I can’t compare to Sister Meg, she has been following Brother Hai since they were children, she must be the most impatient among us.”

Then Meg’s face turned red, she looked at the other two and said, “Hmph, I’ve been with the young master since I was a child. I’ve already become quite used to waiting. Right, how about I tell Grandfather and Grandmother to delay the wedding by two years.”

Laura and Megan immediately threw themselves to her, playfully beating her while saying, “You dare!” The group became jolly as Rockhead and Blocked slowly retreated with a smile on their faces.





* * *


  












Chapter 455 – Killing Intent

The next morning, Zhao Hai and the others sat inside their carriage and progressed towards Carson City’s Eastern Market. The Eastern Market was Carson City’s largest bazaar. It was a market purposely built for selling goods. The City made this for retail, sporting a lot of cheap products sold by small businesses. Because of this, the place was the commoners’ most visited area in the city.

When Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived at the Eastern Market’s vicinity, it couldn’t progress any further. Zhao Hai looked at the amount of people present and shook his head. He suddenly thought about the time when he attended a temple fair back on Earth. Looking at the volume of people here, Zhao Hai thought that the two were the same.

Zhao Hai turned to the group and said, “Let’s walk, the carriage definitely couldn’t progress any further. Shue, you look after the carriage here.”

Shue nodded, then Zhao Hai and the others got off the vehicle and slowly walked towards the market. The people gathered all looked at Zhao Hai’s group with curious eyes.

Zhao Hai looked around and noticed the problem. There were indeed a lot of people on the streets, but none of them wore any noble clothing. Most of them wore civilian ones, even servants didn’t dress up.

Zhao Hai turned to Megan and said, “Megan, why am I unable to see any nobles? Look at those people looking at us.”

Megan smiled and said, “Big Brother Hai, you don’t know but Nobles in the continent don’t buy things personally. They have some people specifically tasked to buy things in this market. The nobles would just tell them what to buy, they don’t need to buy it themselves.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then no longer cared and walked towards the Eastern Market. It was currently still winter. Even if the Rosen Empire was warmer than the Prairie, the four seasons were still quite distinct here. On the doors of shops were piles of goods waiting to be sold. People on the shops were coming and going, the place was very lively.

Before long, Zhao Hai’s group stopped following the crowd and started looking around the shops. Blockhead and Rockhead were on their sides with Shun leading in front. When commoners see them from afar, they couldn’t help but get out of the way.

While walking, Zhao Hai was suddenly attracted to a shop. The shops in Eastern Market were very beautiful, they also have some sort of uniformity between them, and were two-stories. The shop that Zhao Hai saw was a bit different, it was three-stories. And most importantly, this shop was quite alone, no other buildings were nearby. Moreover, there were no people coming and going to this shop.

Zhao Hai looked at the scene and couldn’t help but get curious, he turned to Megan and said, “Megan, which family owns that shop? How come nobody went there?”

Megan looked at the shop and smiled, “This is the shop of the Robert family. Their family is the largest seller of general merchandise in Rosen Empire. They don’t handle retail





and everyone knows it, that’s why commoners rarely go to this shop.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Let’s go there and take a look. I want to see what things this shop has to offer.”

Megan smiled and said, “I’d also like to come to this shop. They have the most complete set of products among all shops in the Rosen Empire.” While they were talking, they entered the shop.

Just as they arrived inside the store, one of the servants inside greeted them. The guy loudly gave his respects and said, “Sir, Miss, please come inside.” The servant can see that Megan and the others were still unmarried judging by the clothes they wore, so he decided to just call them ‘Miss’.

Zhao Hai nodded and continued on to enter the store. When they are inside, Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but sparkle. The furnishings inside were similar to what Zhao Hai saw in the cities in his previous life. On the shelves were samples of the products along with their description and price. Zhao Hai looked at the products and saw that they were cheaper than those sold outside.

One could see a counter upon entering the door, an old attendant was behind it. When the attendant saw Zhao Hai, he didn’t care too much. But when he noticed Megan, he couldn’t help but open his eyes and immediately left the counter and went forward, “It’s actually Miss Megan, forgive me for being slow and neglecting you. Little Five, go lead Miss Megan’s group to the resting area and send them the best tea in the shop.”

The servant immediately led Zhao Hai’s group along and directed them towards the back of the shop. The attendant whispered a few words to another servant as they followed Zhao Hai to a small room.

This was the first time that Zhao Hai came across this kind of business. These small rooms in the store aren’t like hotel rooms. There aren’t any tables inside but instead there was an ornamental sand pool in the middle of the room. There were also flowers suspended on the walls as well as beautiful oil paintings. The room looked very elegant.

When Zhao Hai and the others sat down, the servant immediately came and served them hot tea. Then the store attendant gave a bow and said, “This one is very glad to see Miss Megan.” Then he turned to look at Zhao Hai and said, “Can I know who this gentleman is?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This one is Zhao Hai. Megan told me that this shop has the most complete inventory of goods in the entire market. Today, I happen to need some things, so I came here to take a look.”

When the attendant heard Zhao Hai’s introduction, he immediately understood who he was. Zhao Hai’s identity wasn’t a secret in Rosen Empire, all of the Great Clans knew about him.

The attendant immediately answered, “Miss Megan really praises us, but we indeed have the most complete inventory of products here. May I know what items Mister Zhao Hai needs?”

Zhao Hai smiled





smiled and pulled out a list and said, “These are the things I want, I’ve also listed the quantity. I want to know how long it will take you to prepare them.”

The attendant received Zhao Hai’s list respectfully and gave it a quick scan, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “We have all of the things that mister needed. If mister wants it today, we can have them ready in three hours.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, please prepare them, in three hours I will come back and take them.” The attendant nodded as he turned around to leave.

Seeing the attendant leaving, Zhao Hai turned to Megan and said, “Megan, the attendant seem to be quite familiar with you, do you know them?”

Megan smiled and said, “We do, the friendship between the Robert family and the Calci family spanned for generations. I used to visit them in the past, so their people should know me. I just don’t know much about them, just like how I don’t recognize that attendant.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then drank his tea before saying, “Since they need to prepare the good for three hours, we cannot just wait in here the entire time. How about we head to the West Market and have a look?”

Megan agreed, “Right, there are a lot of delicious things in the West Market. That’s the gourmet area of the capital. There are dishes there that are unique only to Carson City, no other place served them. We might as well have a try.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then the group went out of the shop after bidding the attendant goodbye. Then they left the east bazaar and headed to the West Market.

The West Market wasn’t very far from the East, it was only quite a ways away from the main road. Because of this main road, the city was divided into East City and West City. Which also gave the two markets their current names of East Market and West Market.

Since the East Market held priority to selling goods, there weren’t a lot of restaurants present in the area. There weren’t a lot of choices for those who wanted to eat a meal here.

On the other hand, the West Market gave priority to the food sector. The place was divided into the snack street, the food street, and the kitchenware street. There was needless to say that the food street would have almost all of the ingredients on the entire continent. They even had some seafood, but compared to those that Zhao Hai supplied, their quality was naturally much worse.

Aside from kitchen-related products, the kitchenware street also sold some goods. However, their selection wasn’t as diverse as those found in the East Market. Additionally, one could see that those sold here were much more expensive. In fact, many of those goods sold here were just bought from the East Market and resold here for a higher price.

Zhao Hai’s group weren’t interested in kitchenware. They first went to the food street and bought some ingredients that weren’t present in Zhao Hai’s Space. Of course,





Of course, Zhao Hai bought some living creatures, for example some magic beasts that he still didn’t have. But after those things were transferred, Zhao Hai became disappointed since they didn’t manage to nudge the Space’s upgrade requirement.

The food street wasn’t short, from beginning to end, one needed to walk one hour to completely walk along it. Zhao Hai and the others bought no less than 100 beasts. But all of them didn’t manage to upgrade the Space, further disappointing Zhao Hai.

After finishing their trek along the food street, they immediately went to the snack street, where their initial purpose was. The food in Carson City were all very famous, and all of them were concentrated on this snack street. With all of these foods present, naturally, Zhao Hai and the others decided to give some of them a taste.

There were a few people walking the streets bringing along some snacks with them. But in this area, the sight was very common, therefore, the group didn’t seem so strange.

Zhao Hai not only ate some food, he also bought a lot to save them for later, these things are only available here, not anywhere else. After that, they strolled around for another hour before taking their carriage and returned to the East Market.

Zhao Hai’s carriage stopped in front of the Robert family’s shop. At this moment a young man stepped out of the store. He didn’t seem to see the others as he headed straight for Megan, “Megan, you came. Why didn’t you tell me? When did you come back?”

Megan looked at the young man and smiled, “Big Brother Terry, I just came back yesterday. I accompanied Big Brother Hai today to buy some things.” She said as she slightly leaned her body towards Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai stared and looked at Megan. Currently, even though Megan had a smiling face, the smile seemed to be quite distant. If one looked closely, they could even see a disgusted mood on her eyes. It was obvious that she wasn’t very glad to see the young man.

Zhao Hai understood what happened, then he turned his head to the young man and smiled, “Hello, this one is Zhao Hai.”

The young man looked at Zhao Hai, still wearing that smile on his face. Although he looked quite charming, his eyes flashed a small killing intent, something that Zhao Hai was very keen on noticing.

Since Zhao Hai had fought a lot of battles, he was very sensitive to any hostility towards him. He can immediately feel from Terry the sense of not only opposition, but also a murderous aura.

Zhao Hai’s mood couldn’t help but sink. He understood what the other party was thinking, but he didn’t express his discontent with the situation. Terry also didn’t feel a change in Zhao Hai’s mood, he continued to smile to Zhao Hai as he said, “Hello, Mister Zhao Hai. Your name surely is a thunder to the ears. Sir is very young and is already very promising. Even I have heard about my uncles talking about you.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Mister

and said, “Mister overpraises, this Zhao Hai is still a very small character. How could I compare to the enormity of the Robert Family’s assets. This one is ashamed.”

Terry smiled and answered, “Mister is too modest. Right, let’s not talk outside, let’s head to the rooms and continue there.” Then he sized up Laura and Meg, he only glanced at them and didn’t say anything.

Seeing his expression, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to not understand what was going on. It seems like Terry likes Megan, and seeing Megan happy being with Zhao Hai made him express a murderous aura.

After the group entered a private room, a servant served them tea as per usual. Terry didn’t touch his cup, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Is mister spending the holidays in Carson City? I heard that the Calci Family’s banquets are very lively every year.”

His words didn’t sound strange at first. But it seems to be not that simple. Zhao Hai himself was a Patriarch of a Clan, this time, he went to the Calci Family for God’s Grace Day in order to accompany Megan, as well as see Charlie, and also form some connections with the nobility of the Rosen Empire.

However, by the tone of Terry’s words, he made it sound like Zhao Hai specifically went to the Calci Family to smooch off of their food and drinks. It was necessary to know that the Calci Family doesn’t have a lot of relatives. But they still have some distant relatives that would come during God’s Grace Day and present some small gifts and in return, the family would give them some food and wine to consume. Terry seemed to group Zhao Hai along with these people.

Laura and Meg’s expression couldn’t help but change. Megan’s face wasn’t any better either. Zhao Hai acted as if he didn’t hear any of it as he smiled and said, “The Calci family had a lot of people, so it was natural that their banquets would be very lively. But this time, I mainly came to the family in order to discuss with Grandpa Randolph about the matters of me marrying Megan by next year.”

With Zhao Hai’s words, it was Terry’s turn to change his expression. But he quickly recovered as he still wore a smile on his face and told Zhao Hai, “That’s great, I will certainly offer you a toast of celebration when that time comes.”

Zhao Hai smiled and replied, “That will be very welcome. Seeing that Megan doesn’t treat you as an outsider, Mister Terry should arrive early.”

Terry’s face couldn’t help but twitch, but the smile on his face remained unchanged, he then laughed and said, “Alright, I will prepare a big gift.”

Zhao Hai miled, “Then we will wait for mister’s big gift. Right, Mister Terry, it looks like it’s already late. May I inquire if the things that we ordered have already been prepared?”

Terry immediately responded and smiled, “They’re already prepared. Mister can come and take a look.” Then he stood up and invited Zhao Hai over with a hand gesture.





* * *


  












Chapter 456 – Family Banquet (First Part)

Zhao Hai sat in the carriage with his eyes closed. His face didn’t express happiness nor sadness, he just held a calm expression. However, his heart wasn’t very tranquil.

Megan was looking at Zhao Hai with a somewhat uneasy feeling. Zhao Hai had been like this ever since they went out of the Robert Family’s shop. Seeing Zhao Hai closing his eyes made her restless.

Megan was not afraid of anything else but Zhao Hai misunderstanding her relationship with Terry. In fact, she and Terry were childhood friends. But when she transferred to Sky Water City, their interactions became minimal. After seeing him after some years, she saw that something changed with Terry. Smith also opposed to her meeting up with him. Since Megan didn’t have any particular feelings towards Terry, she also slowly drifted away from him.

Later on, with the exception of relatives and those belonging to great powers, all men who came in contact with Megan had suffered bad luck. Moreover, she also heard that these seem to be caused by Terry.

Megan wasn’t worrying about Zhao Hai’s safety, but seeing how calm Terry was today made her very nervous. She was afraid that Zhao Hai might misunderstand. So she just sat there soundlessly, becoming more nervous as time passed by.

Laura naturally noticed Megan’s expression. She was a perceptive woman so she immediately understood what Megan was thinking. However, she thought that Megan’s worries were all useless. She believed that Zhao Hai’s thoughts weren’t on those matters. In order to not make Megan worry, Laura asked Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, what are you thinking about?”

Zhao Hai opened his eyes and looked at the group before saying, “This Terry isn’t very simple. I can see that this guy looks very enthusiastic when meeting Megan. But when his gaze wanders to me, he would reveal a small killing intent, and manages to hide it quite well. And the fact that he didn’t make any moves while doing business with us made me think that he isn’t a good person to deal with. I think he would use underhanded methods to take a





shot at me.”

When she heard Zhao Hai, Megan relaxed. It seems like Zhao Hai didn’t suspect her relationship with Terry.

Megan let out a long sigh and said, “Big Brother Hai, it’s alright, there’s no need to fear Terry. Although Terry is the first in line successor for the Robert Family, he wasn’t someone who can cover the skies with one hand. Those in higher positions in their family are also keeping a keen eye on him. The Robert Family isn’t like mine, the heirs of the family all came from the grandsons, making their status quite high. Even if Terry is indeed a grandson of the current Patriarch of the family, there were a lot of grandsons who held the same right to succession like him. Once he does something wrong, the family wouldn’t hesitate to abolish his status as first in line and would just give it to another one. But their family doesn’t have a testing phase like ours, the family’s heir immediately becomes very powerful.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Naturally, I don’t fear him, but I really don’t want to reveal my strength. Because of this, Terry’s actions might give us a bit of trouble. Don’t forget, even if I’m engaged to you, in the eyes of the Rosen Empire, I am an outsider. If I do reveal my hand just to deal with Terry, those nobles might join up to deal with me. When that time comes, I’m afraid that even Calci Family wouldn’t be able to help me.”

Megan didn’t oppose, instead she agreed. Now that she had more contact with this aspect of the world, she naturally understood the power of the nobles. If those nobles did ally up to deal with Zhao Hai, then Zhao Hai’s troubles certainly wouldn’t be small. Let alone the Calci Family, even the Rosen Imperial Clan wouldn’t be able to do anything about it.

Laura also nodded, then said, “Right, Brother Hai is right to be worried. But I’m afraid Terry knows about this too, so if he decides to begin to move, it would certainly be troublesome.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “This person is very





very sinister and manipulative. We should take care and pay more attention to his future actions.”

Megan nodded, “Big Brother Hai, I will say this matter to Grandpa, making him take note of this as well. If Terry dares make a move on you, then we wouldn’t spare him.”

Zhao Hai looks at Megan and smiled, “What happened? I thought that you have a good impression with that fellow? Did he offend you?”

Megan shook her head and said, “He didn’t, but I heard about how sinister he was, not just from what I heard from Brother Hai. Father told me that since our families are close friends, the two of us grew up together. In the past, our relationship has been good, and after I moved to Sky Water City, out communications have been cut short. But we still see each other everytime I go to the capital. Afterwards, Father told me that he is too sinister, and to not make contact with him. Because of that, I slowly drifted away from him.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Uncle Smith must have known something. We must seriously be careful with Terry, this person hides too much.” While they were talking, the bull-pulled carriage arrived at the foot of Dark Mountain.

Megan thought for a moment and said, “Brother Hai, I think there would be a lot of banquets in the city. Terry will definitely participate in them, you must be careful whenever you attend one.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Be relieved, if worse comes to worst, I can just exterminate his Robert Family, hmph.”

Megan didn’t think that Zhao Hai was lying, if Terry really does provoke Zhao Hai too far, the Robert Family surely wouldn’t fare very well. Not only the Robert Family, even the entire Rosen Empire can be turned upside down by Zhao Hai.

Before long, their carriage stopped on front of Dark Soldier Fort. After the group changed vehicles, they entered the fort and proceeded to Rustling Tree Courtyard.

When they arrived at the courtyard, a servant immediately greeted them, “Young Master, Young Lady, the Patriarch conveyed a message. Tonight, our Calci Family would be doing its Family Banquet. Everybody must participate.”

Megan nodded and





nodded and said, “Alright, you can head back.” The servant nodded and then turned away.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “I’m going to say it, this feast wouldn’t be better than eating at home.”

Megan smiled, “This Family Banquet isn’t much different than normal banquets. This feast is done by the family every year, even servants participate. When the event comes, people would go to the main square and loosen all tensions regarding their status. Everyone will sit and drink with each other, it is the Calci Family’s most popular party.”

When Zhao Hai heard Megan, his eyes turned bright as he said, “That’s good, I must prepare well. Right, we bought a lot of snacks today. We should contribute those to the banquet, let’s go tell Grandpa Gan.”

Megan nodded and smiled, “Alright, let’s go see Grandpa Gan. While we’re at it, we should also give Grandpa Green the goods that we bought earlier. Iron Mountain Fort will also have their festivities, it would be great if Grandpa Green receives those much earlier.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he looked around and said, “Right, Blockhead, Rockhead, you two also head back to Iron Mountain Fort and help Grandpa Green and the others.” The two nodded, then Zhao Hai led his group as they vanished into the Space and headed back to Iron Mountain Fort.

Iron Mountain Fort will also be celebrating God’s Grace Day. Although the things here were still very crude, Zhao Hai still felt the warmth coming from this place. The people in the fort stopped their work and went busy on cleaning up and getting new clothes for themselves and their families. While they were getting ready to eat, everyone’s face were full of smiles.

This was no mystery, because they were slaves, they weren’t able to experience God’s Grace Day. Although they knew when the day was, their master told them that God’s graciousness doesn’t reach to lowly slaves. Because of this, for them, God’s Grace Day was just any ordinary day.

Zhao Hai looked at the people and became very happy. He found Green and handed the things he bought over. He also left Green a lot of seafood, even a

seafood, even a Blade-Scale Whale. This thing was huge, Zhao Hai wanted Green and the others to eat this fish and have a very nice evening.

After leaving the things behind, Zhao Hai and the others returned to Rustling Tree Courtyard. No matter what, they were living inside the Calci Family right now, leaving this place for too long won’t be ideal.

After returning to the courtyard’s living room and sitting down, Megan turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, do you plan on returning to Iron Mountain Fort on God’s Grace Day?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and then said, “I think I must go back, but I’m afraid that there would be a lot of things happening. Right, what do you usually do during God’s Grace Day?”

Megan replied, “Actually, God’s Grace Day is the most boring day. Grandpa and Father would be going to the imperial palace to attend a banquet. And they would come back very late. At the same time, we would be having a delicious meal and then after lighting some incense, we were free to do what we want.”

Zhao Hai’s eyes lit up, “I didn’t think that it would be that free. Then after we eat our meal and lighting some incense, we can just return to Iron Mountain Fort, what do you think?”

Laura nodded and said, “That’s also good, but Megan seems to have a lot to take care of during that time. Can you spare some?”

Megan nodded and said, “Rest assured, I also want to go to Iron Mountain Fort and celebrate God’s Grace Day with Big Brother Hai. I want to look at how they will celebrate.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I would also like to see how they’d do it. Among those people, aside from Grandpa Green’s group, it would be everybody’s first time to experience God’s Grace Day. I’m looking forward to it.”

Laura and the others chuckled. Besides Green’s group, there were only human and beastman slaves in the fort. Beastmen celebrate their ten thousand beast festival while the human slaves only experience God’s Grace Day as any ordinary day. Both of them weren’t able to celebrate it before.





* * *


  












Chapter 457 – Family Banquet (Last Part)

After reaching an agreement, Zhao Hai and the others came out of Rustling Tree Courtyard. They wanted to look for Gansu in order to hand the delicious snacks over and have them served during this evening’s feast.

Gansu was busy in the kitchen, he was truly busy today because he handled the preparation for tonight’s banquet. All the people in Dark Soldier Fort would be participating, the servants will be participating in the eating and drinking. Therefore, there were a lot of food that were needed to be prepared ahead of time.

Zhao Hai looked at Gansu who was about to drink something and then said, “Grandpa Gan, you’re looking quite busy.”

When Gansu heard Zhao Hai’s voice, he turned his head to Zhao Hai and smiled, “Boy? Why are you here? Want to ask me to drink? Today’s no good, I have a lot to do, let’s do it another day.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Grandpa Gan, do you really see me as a drunkard, wanting to drink everyday? I’m here to do you a favor, you don’t need to prepare a lot of food. When we went out earlier, Megan led us to snack street to have some food. I bought a lot of Carson City’s unique snacks. We can add those to this evening’s feast.” Then he waved his hand as a pile of snacks appeared.

Gansu’s eyes turned bright when he saw the snacks. One should know that the snacks of Carson City aren’t considered to be commoner food. These things are widely famous in the continent, even Gansu liked them. They were a very good pair to liquor.

While thinking of that, Gansu immediately said to Zhao Hai, “Good, but you don’t need to take them out right now. These snacks aren’t proper meals. You can take them away and then serve them yourself in the evening.”

Zhao Hai listened to Gansu’s advice and didn’t disagree. He nodded and received the snacks, then he led Megan and the others to head back.

Time quickly passed as evening came. Smith had someone call Zhao Hai over and then the group headed to the main square.

Usually when a large group of people live together, one couldn’t really fathom the amount of people present. All the people inside Dark Soldier





Fort numbered towards several thousand people, this wasn’t a small number.

As soon as Smith’s entourage arrived, the servants and guards present immediately came to greet him, some gave a salute while some gave a bow. Smith was also very polite to these people, he gave well-wishes to these people and also chatted with them for a bit. This made Zhao Hai surprised, for Smith to remember the names of these people was something worthy of admiration.

Zhao Hai then knew that something as small as remembering ones name can make people have a favorable impression towards you. Especially someone with a position like Smith, for a master to remember the name of a servant would surely give him a high evaluation among the servants, making him occupy a special place in their hearts.

Zhao Hai, Kristen and Diya followed beside Smith. However, Megan and the others followed the madam to go greet the women on the other side.

Inside the fort, there were a lot of people who hadn’t seen Zhao Hai. Now that they did, they were somewhat disappointed, Zhao Hai looked very ordinary, in their opinion, Zhao Hai seemed to be unworthy of marrying Megan.

Megan wasn’t only liked by Smith and the other members of the Calci Family. Even the servant in the fort had a very good impression of her because of her good nature. She never treats the servants wrongly and was very kind to others. The servants in the castle liked Megan very much.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about what they thought about him. When Smith introduced him to the servants, he greeted them with a smile along with a salute. Seeing Zhao Hai give them a salute, the servants immediately returned the gesture, their impression of Zhao Hai also went a bit better.

These people are simple, if you respect them, then they’ll respect you. Naturally, to get their respect, you must understand how to respect them. In addition, Zhao Hai was something like a half-master to them. Even though they didn’t exchange some words, the servants were still touched by his gesture.

Before long, the people from the other parts of the fort also arrived. The people in the square became more and more. At this moment, there were already several bonfires made in the square, giving it proper illumination. The





The normally cold square was given warmth by the fires.

There were large tables placed right by the bonfires. Each table can sit several people, Gansu was also present arranging the seats for the guests.

Almost everyone didn’t need to be led to their seats. After all, the Family Banquet was an occasion that happens every year. It was one of the most important events for the family, everyone already knew where they would be sitting. After having everyone sit down, Gansu immediately had the servants serve the dishes.

After the servants have served the food, they immediately looked for their table and sat down. Then it was time for Randolph to speak, this was also part of the event’s proceedings.

After having all the dishes served, Randolph stood up and scanned the people in the square. Then he said loudly, “This year has brought abundant harvests to our Calci Family. We have gained new stable income sources as well as the most important event where we made those Radiant Church people suffer a loss under our hand. Our Calci Family had finally expelled some foul air.”

After this section of the speech, the square was filed with thunderous applause. These servants were the descendants of the previous servants of the Calci Family. Their honor and disgrace were closely linked with the family. In the past, when the family was overly suppressed by the Radiant Church, they found it hard to stay calm. When the family finally managed to turn the tides of battle over, causing the Church’s influence in the Rosen Empire to be erased, it was natural for these servants to feel excitement.

When the applause subsided, Randolph then said, “This year, our Calci Family’s little princess Megan has also been engaged to the Buda Clan’s Patriarch Zhao Hai. Our little princess has grown up, it is finally time for her to get married.”

After he said that, the square became lively. Many people loudly cried as well. Regarding the Calci Family’s rules, the servants need not follow them this time. Therefore, these people dared to be quite rowdy.

Megan didn’t think that Randolph would actually address her engagement at the family banquet. Her face couldn’t help but redden, but she still stood up. Seeing Megan stand up, Zhao Hai stood up as well. After giving the people in





people in the square a bow, the two of them sat down.

The performance of Zhao Hai satisfied Randolph, he nodded and the continued, “In short, it has been a very good year for our Calci Family. Right, no need for more words. Everyone, let’s eat!” Then he sat down.

Seeing the people starting to eat, Zhao Hai immediately stood up and carried a wine glass towards Randolph’s table. Along with Randolph, the table contained the people with the highest status in the Calci Family, Smith was also in that table. In the table that Zhao Hai sat in were the people from Smith’s side.

While carrying a glass of wine to Randolph’s table, Zhao Hai bowed and then said, “Grandpa Randolph, elders, this is the first family banquet that I attended so I came unprepared. When I went out earlier, I managed to buy some snacks with Megan in snack street. I initially wanted to give them to Grandpa Gan earlier, but he told me to give it to the people myself, so that I can get more acquainted with them. I came here to offer them to your table first and then proceed to the others. I just don’t know if Grandpa Randolph agrees.”

Randolph laughs and said, “Who wouldn’t want Carson City’s snacks, it is very famous in the continent. I’ve always wanted to eat them for quite a long time, good, leave some here.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then waved his hand as two trays of snacks appeared, carrying several types of snacks. The quantity aren’t that many, but the variety was quite a lot.

Zhao Hai placed the trays on the table and then bowed to them and said, “Grandpa Randolph, please enjoy the snacks. I’ll be heading to the other tables to deliver them.”

Randolph nodded and said, “You go, give some to the people.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned around to leave.

Zhao Hai proceeded to send snacks to each table. Although there weren’t a lot, it still held some meaning, especially to the servants. Zhao Hai also chatted with them, gaining the servants’ good graces. Currently, Zhao Hai became even more pleasing to their eyes.[1]

Upon finishing to deliver the snacks, Zhao Hai already knew most of the servants’ names. He also came to know the names of the Calci Family members.

Even if

Family members.

Even if Zhao Hai’s memory was much worse that Smith, he has the Space. If Zhao Hai cannot remember, the Space’s recording function can certainly remind him. The Space can even record the entire continent, much less names of people.

Zhao Hai got this move from Smith. After all, Zhao Hai was a nerd, his social skills couldn’t compare to someone who had noble education since childhood. Zhao Hai gave his best to learn about his deficiencies.

After delivering the snacks, Zhao Hai returned to his own table. The madam looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Little Hai, you really are quite sensible. Right, go sit down and quickly eat something. You seem to be the busiest one this evening.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Wouldn’t it be great to offer some snacks? I just want the family to be more lively, haha. Alright, let’s eat.”

Because the people on the table were all considered to be family members, everyone wasn’t polite with each other. They chatted while eating and drinking, the night’s events became livelier and livelier.

The family banquet continued on until midnight. People enjoyed themselves fully, there were a lot of drunk people by the end. Because of this, the square wasn’t cleaned up, they needed to wait until tomorrow to do so. This was also something of custom that the Calci Family practiced.

Zhao Hai and the others didn’t drink a small amount either. Zhao Hai didn’t expect for the servants to come over and offer him some liquor. It was not only him, even Randolph was approached for some drinks. On this event, Zhao Hai managed to cement his foundation inside the family as he ate and drank with everybody. Also, because of the liquor offerings, Randolph was the first to get drunk.

Moreover, Zhao Hai knew that Randolph wasn’t just pretending to be drunk, he was truly intoxicated. This made Zhao Hai surprised, under normal circumstances, old foxes like Randolph would pretend to be drunk so that he wouldn’t be offered more drinks. But at this time, he actually let go of himself and got drunk with the servants. This gave Zhao Hai insight as to how the family treated its subordinates.






* * *


  












Chapter 458 – Same Camp

Although it just seems like a normal family banquet, Zhao Hai had learned a lot from the event. Although he was well-read, there were still some things that he needed to learn about management.

The next morning, Zhao Hai and the others came out of the Space. When he went out to the courtyard, he saw Smith. Seeing Zhao Hai, Smith smiled and said, “Just got up? Didn’t you drink a lot yesterday? Hangover?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Fortunately, I’ve had some soup to sober up yesterday evening so I’m still fine. How about Uncle, are you fine?”

Smith smiled bitterly, “On this day of the year, it’s perfectly fine to go all out. RIght, let’s eat a meal together.”

After breakfast, Zhao Hai and the others prepared to head out and see the situation at Carson City. Suddenly, a servant came outside the door carrying a card. He bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, a letter came from Prince Charlie. It was sent over by his servant.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then received the card to take a look. It was an invitation to a banquet that Charlie was hosting tonight, addressed to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai slightly frowned, he nodded then said, “Alright, tell the servant that I’ll be coming.” The servant gave a nod and turned away.

Zhao Hai stared at the invitation, he wasn’t afraid of meeting anyone, he just didn’t like attending banquets. But on the other hand, he also knew that he cannot dodge them because of his current status.

He sighed and stored the invitation. At this moment, Laura and the others came in chatting and laughing, they just came back from a small expedition to Rustling Tree courtyard’s garden.

The group of women came to see that Zhao Hai’s expression wasn’t good. Laura can’t help but be curious so she asked, “Brother Hai, did something happen?”



Zhao Hai faintly smiled as he handed the invitation over to Laura. When she received the card, she smiled and said, “This is great. It seems like Charlie wants to introduce you over to his subordinates. Moreover, this is a formal invitation, this meant that a lot of people will be coming tonight. You might see a lot of people from Great Noble families.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I already knew about the possibility of me meeting Great Nobles. Charlie wanted to brand me as someone from his side, letting people know that we’re on the same camp. Megan, you shouldn’t go this evening, I’m afraid this might have an impact on the Calci Family.”

Megan shook her head and said, “No, I’m going. Brother Hai, with you, everything will be fine. Besides, even if they suspect the Calci Family to be supporting Charlie, what can they do about it? If the prince manages to lose the battle, then with you supporting him from the back, nobody would dare go too far in dealing with him. Also, with you on his side, I think Charlie has the greatest





chance of obtaining the imperial throne.”

Zhao Hai looked at Megan, then he smiled and said, “Alright, then everyone will go. Right, we should buy some clothes, we cannot shame the Buda Clan.”

Megan smiled and said, “No need, I can just ask the family to get Big Brother Hai some new garments.” Then she turned around to tell a servant to find someone from the clothes storeroom.

Laura looked at Zhao hai and said, “Brother Hai, it is certain that Terry would be attending this banquet. He may find some opportunities to smear your face. We should be careful this time, that Terry person is sinister. He may not act, but he might have some subordinates doing the deeds for him. After asking Megan, it seems like the Robert Family doesn’t have a low status in Rosen Empire.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I know, rest assured nothing will happen. Right, let’s go prepare.” Laura nodded.

Before long, a person from the clothes room came and took Zhao Hai’s measurements. An evening black suit was then sent over immediately.

The suit was a very traditional Noble clothing. It had very fine workmanship, it even had the Buda Clan’s crest embroidered over it. Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Calci Family’s people to be so fast. With this point, Zhao Hai can see the difference between new and old noble families.

Zhao Hai’s group tried on their clothes and saw that they were perfect. Because of the small notice, Zhao Hai went to tell Smith about this matter, but he didn’t think that Smith would already know about it. Turns out, the Calci Family also received an invitation.

The skies slowly turned dark, Zhao Hai’s group rode his bull-pulled carriage and headed towards Carson City. Since it was God’s Grace Day season, the gates of the capital weren’t closed during the evening. But the passage in and out of the city were instead heavily monitored.

Shun already knew the way to Charlie’s mansion, so he didn’t need anyone’s guidance. He directly drove the carriage towards the Third Prince’s palace. While on the way, Zhao Hai and the others could see the amount of carriages present.

When the carriages passed by and noticed Zhao Hai’s bull-pulled carriage, some of them stopped and offered Zhao Hai their greetings. Zhao Hai took note of these people, they may be Charlie’s people.

Before long, Zhao Hai’s carriage stopped in front of Charlie’s front door. The servants in charge of welcoming the guests immediately greeted him when they saw his carriage, on of them came forwards and bowed, “Mister Zhao Hai?”

Zhao Hai opened his door and looked at the servant, “I am Zhao Hai.”

The servant immediately said, “Sir, let me lead you to the backyard. His highness ordered me to inform Mister that you shall enter the mansion’s back door. Whenever mister comes here next time, he can immediately head over there.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Lead the way.” The servant nodded and then walked alongside the carriage as it was lead towards the back door.

The





door.

The back door of this mansion wasn’t a place that people can just pass through. Generally, except the direct family, no other person can come here. This was because this door has direct access to the main courtyard, the center of the mansion.

After entering the back using the back door, the servant immediately led Zhao Hai’s group towards the living room. Upon arriving, Zhao Hai saw Charlie standing in front of the room’s door along with several people. These people also wore formal clothing, along with their emblems. Looking at them, Zhao Hai found out that their titles aren’t high, they didn’t have the bearing of someone coming from a Great Noble family.

Zhao Hai, along with Laura, Meg, Megan and Nier, came forwards and gave Charlie their greetings. Charlie smiled and said, “Little Hai, you came. I actually had somebody send over a carriage as a substitute to your bull-pulled carriage. Don’t you think that your carriage is a bit too slow?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You’re highness, in all honestly, I really prefer my bull-pulled carriage. I think I won’t be comfortable with his highness’ carriage, it is too fast and less stable. I’m just not used to it.”

Charlie smiled and said, “That’s fine as well, come, let’s go to the living room , I have some people I need to introduce you to.”

Zhao Hai entered the room with Charlie. At the same time, Laura and the others were lead by a servant towards the side halls. There, people of the other Nobles were staying,. Some were like Zhao Hai, bringing along several women to attend the banquet.

After entering the room, Charlie introduced some people to Zhao Hai. In fact, Zhao Hai was already familiar with some of them. When Zhao Hai opened his shop in Jade Water City, these people came over and expressed their well wishes, therefore, Zhao Hai were aware of their appearances.

When their greetings came to an end, they sat down. Charlie looked at the people present and said, “I welcome all of you today and I also express my gratitude in accepting my invitation. I will not beat around the bush and directly tell all of you that everyone present here are all the people that I have placed my full trust in. We’re all on the same side, so I hope that all of you can be more acquainted in the future.”

Zhao Hai nodded as he smiled and said, “Certainly, your highness can feel relieved, we’re on your side. If something goes wrong, we surely won’t be bringing the trouble to you.”

A tall person sitting by Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, Mister Zhao Hai is right, Your Highness can rest assured.”

This person was from the Yinmi Family. The family can be regarded as an emerging clan. Their family was a hundred years old and held the title of count. Even if they only had the status of a count, they were actually a military family, a family of generals. Their troops were





troops were also very good. But since the Rosen Empire was the continent’s most powerful nation, there weren’t a lot of people who dared to provoke them, making wars quite scarce. Because of this, the family had no chance of displaying their might making it impossible for their title to be promoted.

This person was called John Yinmi, a typical martial artist with a frank temperament. But because of his disposition, the Yinmi Family had been having some bad years lately. John was not good at business, and the income from their territory wasn’t that great.

But Zhao Hai actually took a liking to this person. There were only a few nobles with tempers that are straight just like John. This was because such attribute is very disadvantageous for a noble to have.

The people present also agreed to what Zhao Hai and John just said. Charlie nodded and then said, “Father is still in his prime, but even if he tolerates us having our own groups, he doesn’t like to see us flaunting our influence. Your families don’t belong to the core of Rosen Empire’s power, so I hope you don’t attract too much attention to yourselves. At the same time, I hope you also pay attention to others. But be careful with your actions”

Several people nodded, Charlie continued, “Mister Zhao Hai joining my side certainly brought a huge effect on my standing. My brothers doesn’t have any 9th rank experts, they didn’t even have the capacity to invite one. Thus, mister’s help was truly big. But this also drew jealousy from my brothers, even father may start paying attention to me. So I hope that all of us can stay low-key, do not make any moves that can attract attention.”

When Zhao Hai heard Charlie, he couldn’t help but be apologetic, “I have given his highness some troubles, Zhao Hai has been inconsiderate.”

Charlie waved his hand and smiled, “No, mister is just showing his own strength. Although it brought me small trouble, its effects aren’t really that big, so mister doesn’t have to worry. On the contrary, with Mister’s strength, people who wanted to make a move on us would have to think twice. This is already a huge help.”

Those present also nodded, they agreed with Charlie’s words. Among the Princes, the Crown Prince in the capital city can be said to have the biggest influence. The Second Prince has also been exhibiting his talents these past few years. Charlie handles his affairs quite low-key, to the point that he seemed unremarkable. This made people who wanted to hire themselves to him think that Charlie’s strength wasn’t that big.

However, Zhao Hai joining made thing a whole lot different. Zhao Hai managed to invite a 9th rank expert, moreover, his undead also held formidable fighting strength. Most importantly, he was also the Calci family’s son-in-law. With this status, now many people in the continent dared to underestimate Zhao hai.

Zhao Hai coming to Charlie’s side made people think twice about their evaluation of the Third

of the Third Prince. Some small nobles who were waiting at the sides already threw themselves towards Charlie’s door. Now, Charlie’s people had already reached quite a substantial number.

But Charlie understood that even if his numbers increased, those who were truly loyal to him were only few. The majority of them were just like tall grass, although their numbers looked menacing, when it came to use, only a few were qualified.

Because of this, Charlie maintained his policy of acting low-key. Zhao Hai admired him for this. Zhao Hai also knew about Charlie’s recent momentum, he was actually afraid that the Third Prince would be swallowed up by this increase of power. It seems that Charlie put much thought into it.

Zhao Hai looked at the group and smiled, “Your Highness, I know that you’re just saying that to lift my spirit. But if there really is anything that I can do to help in the future, please don’t hesitate to send a word to me. We are all in the same camp, we ought to help each other. Right, Brother John, since we still have to wait until God’s Grace Day, how about we discuss about a partnership. I have a lot of good products on hand, maybe Brother John is interested in them.”

When John heard Zhao Hai, he didn’t understand what was going on at first. However, he was very clear about Zhao Hai’s Haven Rice. This product has received minor fame inside Rosen Empire. No matter who received the rights to sell those Haven products, they would surely gain good profit. Zhao Hai was clearly doing this to help him.

John was filled with gratitude as he looked at Zhao Hai, “I thank Brother Zhao Hai. I will not lie to brother, His Highness has been keeping my family up these past few years. I’m afraid that I’ve already incurred a huge debt. Brother’s help is surely heaven sent.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “My grain business isn’t something that His Highness wanted to sell. So I don’t have a good distribution point inside Rosen Empire. Since I’m looking for a person to partner with, might as well have someone from my own side, so that good fortune won’t flow towards another person’s yard.”

Charlie laughed and said, “Good, what Little Hai said is was really good. Not making fortune flow into another person’s yard. I was going to say something along the lines of that. Remember, we are all family. If we succeed in the future, then I, Charlie, will vow that i will never forget to treat everybody well.”

The people present immediately gave their thanks to Charlie. People on the continent rarely make any vows. Charlie doing this convinced them that he really valued them very much.

After Charlie asked them to sit down, another person, the head of the Heller Family, Tahl, said, “If his highness want to let others shift their attention away from us, there is a way. We can fake an internal dispute. What does His Highness think?”





* * *


  












Chapter 459 – Crown Prince Arrives

Charlie shook his head and said, “No, acting might not deceive those people. It might even draw away those who are determined to join my side. The gains might not justify the losses. What we need to do right now is to be united, and be low-key as well. Just like how Little Hai handles his strength. No matter who needs any help, we must help.” The group nodded.

Charlie turned to look at the sky and said, “Alright, let’s head out, those who ought to come should have arrived.”

Just as Charlie set out, footsteps were suddenly heard. The footsteps were urgent, but they weren’t heavy.

Charlie’s complexion couldn’t help but sink, he already told the servant to not allow anyone disturb them. Moreover, the servants outside were his trusted aides. He was very familiar with the footsteps of those people, Charlie knew that the one who came was surely not one of his people

Seeing Charlie’s expression, Zhao Hai knew that there was something wrong. He immediately stood up and took out his Magic Staff. When the group saw Zhao Hai’s action as well as Charlie’s complexion, they understood and also got ready to move.

Then, a voice came from outside, “Third Brother, Third Brother, you in? The guests have arrived, why did you suddenly disappear? Come out quickly.”

Hearing this sound, Charlie forced a smile and said to the group, “Well, no need to be anxious. It’s just my Ninth sister.”[1]

When Charlie said this, John couldn’t help but ask, “Ninth sister? Is your highness talking about Princess Lizzy?” Charlie nodded, then he smiled bitterly as he answered his sister, “Come in, sister.”

As soon as they heard Charlie, Zhao Hai and the others relaxed. Then the doors was swung open as the hem princess’ skirt appeared.

After he saw the princess, Zhao Hai’s first idea was that her posture was very good. This Princess Lizzy’s figure was fantastic, she was about 1.7m in height, but her poise can only be described as fiery. Zhao Hai can confidently say that Princess Lizzy has the best figure of a woman that





he’s ever seen.

At the sight of Lizzy’s face, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but blink. She had big eyes, a thin and exquisite nose. Not too think, but still very sexy lips. She had wheat colored skin, smooth as though it has been oiled. Light brown and shallow eyebrows decorated her green eyes.

However, Zhao Hai staring wasn’t because of these, it was because this Princess Lizzy looked a bit like a person Zhao Hai wasn’t familiar with, but can still recognize.

Keeley Hazell, a British model an actress. A woman who was both sexy and elegant, one of the world’s most recognizable women. Even Angelina wasn’t able to enter the top 100 sexiest women in the world, goes to show how gorgeous Keeley was.[2]

Charlie’s younger sister was actually called Lizzy, Ji Li, Lizzy, good. Although there was some difference in the name, her appearance wasn’t any different. This surprised him.

Zhao Hai more and more thought about how Ark Continent is related to Earth. Otherwise, how did the same beautiful women on Earth appear here?

Lizzy didn’t expect the room to have these much people, she stared. Zhao Hai and the others immediately bowed and said, “We’ve seen Princess Lizzy.”

Lizzy recovered, she immediately exhibited her princess-ly manners as she bends down slightly and then said, “At ease.”

Then the group stood straight. Charlie looked at Lizzy and said, “Younger Sister, why didn’t you wait for me in the hall? What made you come here?”

Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and the others’ eyes and then pretended to have a desolate expression as she said, “The guests have already arrived, but you still haven’t shown yourself. So I came to take a look.”

Charlie nodded and then said, “Alright, we’ll be heading out. Little Hai, let’s go out and see.” Charlie calling Zhao Hai didn’t evoke any envy. First, Zhao Hai’s had overwhelming strength among those present. If they had Zhao Hai’s strength, then Charlie would appeal to them as well but unfortunately they did not. Second, Zhao Hai had a lot of good things on hand. Some of these goods might be useless to Charlie, but for





for those middle to low ranked nobles, they were a once-in-a-lifetime road to huge profit. They need something from Zhao Hai, so how could they be offended by this kind of thing. It can be said that in Charlie’s inner circle, aside from the Third Prince, Zhao Hai held the highest status.

Hearing Charlie specially addressing Zhao Hai, Lizzy couldn’t help but look at him. Zhao Hai’s name wasn’t new to Lizzy, she has also heard about what happened back at Purcell Duchy. She also knew about Megan’s engagement. It can be said that she and Megan were called the Twin Flowers of the Imperial Capital. Now, one of the flowers has gotten herself a man.

Also, Lizzy was clear, whether it be Charlie or Megan, those two had eyes as tall as their status, ordinary people simply wouldn’t enter their sights. But for this ordinary looking, average guy to receive the appreciation of the two meant that he wasn’t a simple person.

Lizzy didn’t stare at Zhao Hai for too long. She was a Princess, she has seen a lot of magnificent scenes. To her, she only held curiosity towards Zhao Hai. [3]

Charlie led the group to leave the room. At this time, Laura and the others were already waiting for them outside. Charlie took this chance to introduce Lizzy to Laura and others. Then Lizzy went to join Megan as Laura offered a gift.

Charlie didn’t manage them as he led Zhao Hai and the others to walk towards the front courtyard. They proceeded forward until they reached a very big hall. This was mainly used as a place to receive various guests, but with a few changes here and there, it has been transformed into a grand hall.

As soon as Charlie and the others arrived outside the door, a servant in front immediately announced his arrival, “Prince Charlie has arrived!” Along with the echo of the voice, Charlie entered the hall.

Inside the hall were more than a hundred guests, fortunately this hall was big enough. If not, this hall might not have survived to this day.

The servants decorated the hall with water





with water fountains that looked like a butterfly exhibition. In the middle of the hall were long rows of tables containing a variety of foods. There were also clean plates and utensils present, those who wanted to eat can just easily go and pick out something to eat.

There were also chairs on the sides of the hall for those who were too tired of standing. In the innermost area of the hall, an orchestra was continually playing gentle music.

When the people inside the hall saw Charlie came in, they immediately gave him a bow. Charlie also returned to courtesy as he greeted everyone inside. Zhao Hai wasn’t far away from him, he had the Space record each name and appearance of the people inside.

At this time, Laura and the others were dragged along by Lizzy towards the other ladies. The other women were talking with each other about, clothes, jewelry, as well as some gossip. Laura used to talk to people, so she was quite familiar with this scenario and naturally knew how to approach it.

Meg was also quite experienced. She grew up in the Buda Clan since childhood. In the past, the Clan also held frequent banquets. Therefore, Meg also knew how to deal with these women. There was nothing to say about Megan, she lived her whole life along these types of ladies, how could she not possibly know how to interact with them?

Zhao Hai paid attention to Charlie’s banquet. Charlie invited the noblemen but it seems like he didn’t do the same for the other princes. The only person from the Royal Clan aside from Charlie was Lizzy. From this point, one could see that Charlie’s relationship with his brothers aren’t that great.

At this time, the sound of a servant can be heard from the front door, “His Highness Crown Prince, Young Master Terry Robert, and Young Master Jason Crook has arrived.”[4]

When these three names were called out, the room seem to come into a halt. Almost everyone here knew that the relationship between the Crown Prince and the Third Prince wasn’t very good. Because of the succession battle,

the succession battle, it was impossible for Charlie to invite the Crown Prince in this banquet. This made things very strange.

But what made it even more strange was the fact that Terry and Jason also came along with the Crown Prince. Terry was the Robert Family’s successor. The Robert Family wasn’t less than the Calci Family in terms of status. This was something everybody knew.

Jason Crook wasn’t a simple character either. The Crook Family was very famous in the continent, although they aren’t on the same status as the Calci and Robert Families, they still had a huge influence inside Rosen Empire.

For these two people to suddenly appear along with the Crown Prince to Charlie’s banquet, what did this mean? Does this mean that the Robert Family and the Crook Family has thrown their lot with the Crown Prince? The servant’s announcement of their arrival was still ringing on the minds of those present.

Zhao Hai slowly headed at Charlie’s side. Charlie was staring blankly right now. Zhao Hai arrived at Charlie’s side and whispered, “Your Highness.”

Charlie recovered, he turned to Zhao Hai and saw him nodding towards the door. Charlie immediately understood Zhao Hai, he gave Zhao Hai a grateful nod as he restored his calm state and walked towards the hall’s entrance with a face full of smiles.

Zhao Hai didn’t follow Charlie and just stood there. It took a short while before Charlie arrived at the front door to see three people walking in. In the front of the trio was a 40-year old middle aged man. He looked very much like Charlie, but he had a small beard that was handled very neatly. This made him look very imposing. One couldn’t help but admire how this man carried himself.

Behind him was Terry. There was another person beside him, he was very handsome and wore a decent Noble’s clothing. His figure wan’t very tall but he carried himself with prestige. Although he couldn’t steal spotlight away from the Crown Prince, people still took notice of him.






* * *


  












Chapter 460 – Foul-mouthed Jason

When Charlie was near the three newcomers, he laughed then gave a salute, “Big Brother, welcome. I didn’t expect brother to come to this one’s small banquet, so I didn’t bother sending an invite. But for Big Brother to actually come here, it’s a great honor.”

The Crown Prince looked at Charlie and faintly smiled, “I also heard that Younger Brother has held a banquet, so I decided to stop by. On the way, I met Terry and Jason, so I decided to take them with me as well. I hope I didn’t trouble Third Brother for bringing additional guests.”

Charlie smiled and said, “No problem, Brother visiting has given me quite an honor. So how can Big Brother possibly bring me trouble? Big Brother, Terry, Jason, come in, don’t be polite.”

Terry and Jason gave Charlie a small salute before heading towards the hall. The other people inside also gave a salute to the Crown Prince, naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t an exception.

But Zhao Hai was surprised when the Crown Prince headed towards him after their eyes met. The Crown Prince smiled faintly and said, “Mister Zhao Hai?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I didn’t think that the Crown Prince would know of my name. This is really surprising.”

The Crown Prince laughed and said, “Mister is too modest. There isn’t anyone in the continent who doesn’t know how fierce mister is. May I ask Mister to pay a visit to my mansion?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “If I have time, then I will certainly come visit.”

The Crown Prince smiled and said, “Then I’ll be waiting for mister. By the way, I heard that mister has a lot of businesses in hand, is there a chance for the two of us to cooperate?”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled at the question, “I certainly have some businesses on hand, but for cooperation? This is something I cannot say. Currently, I’m in a partnership with the Third Highness. Moreover, we’ve already signed a long-term contract regarding our cooperation. If His Highness the Crown Prince wants to cooperate, then I’m afraid you will need to discuss it with the Third Highness.”

The Crown Prince placed a small play on his words. The reason he asked Zhao Hai





about the possibility of cooperation was to assess whether there was a chance for Zhao Hai to change sides.

But Zhao Hai’s reply was very clear, he was now on Charlie’s side, it was impossible for the other camps to recruit him at this point. The conversation between the two was clearly heard by the people present in the hall. All of them were smart people, it was impossible for them to not understand the exchange. When the Crown Prince heard Zhao Hai’s response, his expression couldn’t help but drop, but he still forced a smile and said, “That is regrettable.” Then he turned around and left.

As soon as he heard the Crown Prince’s regretful voice, Charlie’s face changed, it was now quite red. Naturally, Zhao Hai’s answer gave him this much happiness.

Zhao Hai also knew that he had already lost the opportunity to get closer with the Crown Prince. However, he didn’t find it regrettable. One couldn’t always be half-hearted, or else they won’t be getting good results.

At this time, Terry and Jason arrived at Zhao Hai’s location. Terry then smiled to Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, I didn’t expect you to come. If I knew, I would have arrived earlier.”

When Zhao Hai heard how he was called, he couldn’t help but stare. The age gap between the two of them aren’t so large to merit such calling. Terry was obviously doing this to make their relationship closer.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t relax because of this, he became even more vigilant instead. From what he heard from Megan, Terry was a sinister person. Moreover, he also knew that Terry was his love rival. For Terry to be warmer to him meant that he was already planning about how to deal with Zhao Hai.

Although he was thinking about this, he didn’t show it on his face. Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “Big Brother Terry is too polite. Brother should know about my relationship with His Highness Third Prince. So how can I not attend such occasion?”

Terry wants to bring their relationship closer, while Zhao Hai attempted to back away politely. He also addresses Terry that way in order to throw the other party into confusion. Zhao Hai didn’t lower his guard





guard against Terry.

When Terry heard Zhao Hai, he looked delighted as he smiled and said, “I knew that you have a very good relationship with the Third Prince. But since God’s Grace Day is approaching, I expected you to be helping inside Dark Soldier Fort, so I didn’t think that you would come.”

Zhao Hai replied with a smile, “Megan told me to come, so how could I not? Hehe, Megan is also quite close with the Ninth Princess.”

Then Zhao Hai turned his head to Jason and said, “Is this Young Master Jason from the Crook Family? Zhao Hai gives his greetings. I’ve heard about the young master’s name, I didn’t think that I would be meeting you today.”

Jason looked at Zhao Hai and smiled faintly, “I’ve also heard about mister Zhao Hai’s name, but I cannot help but be disappointed by what I have seen today.”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that Jason would be this impolite. One must know that in a Noble gathering, one would do his/her best to stay modest. It doesn’t matter if the two of you were life and death enemies, if you meet in a gathering such as this, you better show your full smile and act like how a noble should. But Jason was different, this was far from Zhao Hai’s expectations.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look at Terry. At this moment, Terry’s face expressed a wronged expression. This made Zhao Hai curious, since Terry and Jason came together. Aren’t they supposed to be in a group? Why did it seem like Terry wasn’t expecting Jason to utter such words? Didn’t they plan this encounter ahead of time?

Thoughts churned inside his brain, but Zhao Hai’s face didn’t show any of it. He just smiled at Jason and said, “I’m really apologetic for disappointing Young Master Jason.”

Jason slyly looked at Zhao Hai’s smiling face, he didn’t seem to be fazed. This gave Jason an incentive to push things further. He commended Zhao Hai to keep his grace and honor after such words. While he looked impressed, Jason’s mouth opened, “You’re really unworthy of Miss Megan. Miss Megan is one of the Twin Flowers of the Imperial Capital. It seems quite a waste for her





for her to be marrying a very ordinary looking person.”

After Terry heard this, he turned to Jason and said, “Jason, you should hold back on your words.”

Zhao Hai actually laughed and said, “Young Master Jason is right. I also think that marrying Megan is such a loss. But alas, I actually wanted to be more attractive, but my father didn’t make me handsome. This is such a disaster, hai.”

Jason and Terry stared at Zhao Hai before they both laughed, Jason patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Brother, I must say, I like the way you speak. Hahaha. Good, you’re someone worth befriending.”

Seeing that Jason didn’t seem to be faking, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh as well, “You really have low standards for making friends. Are you looking for a not so handsome guy? I must say, you’ve found the right one.”

The three of them laughed. Jason grasped Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “I didn’t think that you would actually read my thoughts, you’re quite good.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Even if I guessed it right, I think there’s no reason for you to hold my shoulder this hard. I’m a mage, I might suffer injuries.”

The conversation between the two made it seem like they were long time friends. It also seemed like Terry was pushed aside. It made Terry look a bit ridiculous. But he still smiled, but it was a stiff smile.

A person like Terry has always been heavily favored since he was a child. He was already quite used to being in the spotlight, no matter where he was. Even if he stood along with the Crown Prince, he didn’t allow himself to be overshadowed. Because he was a successor to a millenium-old family, his status wasn’t any lower than a Prince.

Zhao Hai and Jason chatting away made him feel like an outsider. He felt like the two of them had already forgotten about him, this made him feel unwell.

At this time, a servant passed to their side. On the tray that the servant was holding were two glasses of wine. Jason immediately took the two glasses and gave Zhao Hai one of them. Then he raised his glass to Zhao Hai and said, “I really thought that this would

that this would be a very boring party. But I didn’t expect to meet an interesting person such as you. Come, come, let’s drink, after this, we will become friends.”

Zhao Hai didn’t expect Jason to actually be so refreshing, whether his gesture was true or not, Zhao Hai still returned Jason’s toast and said, “Right, let’s drink this glass, from today on, we’re both friends, cheers!”

Jason raised his glass and bumped it with Zhao Hai’s, “Good, cheers!” Then without any courtesy, the both of them downed the wine in one go.

This scene was very visible to the other guests. When they saw the two, they couldn’t help but stare. There were a lot present that knew about Jason. He wasn’t very popular within the circles of nobility because of his frank attitude. He never gave anybody face, because of this, there weren’t a lot of nobles who wanted to mingle with him.

But with Jason’s status, average people wouldn’t dare to not give him any face. Therefore, in common banquets and parties, the hosts would still deliver an invitation to the Crook Family. However, even if Jason came, there were only a few people who came to talk to him. People were afraid to be embarrassed by Jason’s words.

Just as Jason was about to speak to Zhao Hai, the people nearby couldn’t help but watch in anticipation. They wanted to see Zhao Hai’s embarrassed expression. However, they didn’t expect Zhao Hai to actually carry on with ridiculing himself. This move of embarrassing himself was out of their expectations.

Those who weren’t nearby and didn’t hear them speak still kept an eye out. This was because they also wanted to see how Jason manages to embarrass Zhao Hai. Even if they couldn’t hear anything, they knew from Terry’s expression that Jason didn’t say anything nice.

However, what happened next made them confused. They didn’t hear what Zhao Hai said to make the three people laugh and even make Jason look amused at Zhao Hai. This was too unexpected. They were very curious to the point that they were on the verge of approaching the two just to ask what Zhao Hai said. But unfortunately, there was no way for them to do so.





* * *


  












Chapter 461 – What Does He Plan To Do?

Laura and the others were also paying attention to Zhao Hai. When Megan saw Jason come in along with the Crown Prince, she immediately told Laura and the others about him. Because of this, Laura was looking at Zhao Hai’s direction, they were afraid that Jason would embarrass Zhao Hai.

However, what happened next was not what they expected. When they saw Zhao Hai and Jason speaking cheerfully, Laura and Megan couldn’t help but look at each other before faintly smiling. They didn’t say anything, but they knew that the other party was fully confident in Zhao Hai.

At this time, Lizzy arrived by Megan and said, “Megan, did you know what Zhao Hai said? Why did that bastard Jason chat with him? You already know how he doesn’t give anyone face.”

Megan looked at Lizzy and couldn’t help but smile. Jason was truly an odd person, someone who didn’t care about other people’s face. This seemed to annoy Lizzy, which led to her calling Jason a bastard.

Megan shook her head and said, “I also don’t know. However, from what I’ve learned about Jason, he surely didn’t utter any words of praise. On the other hand, I’m quite sure that Big Brother Hai didn’t care. Haha.”

Lizzy looked at Megan, confused, then she said, “Care? In such situation, why wouldn’t he care about being embarrassed? Isn’t he courageous and upright?”

Megan smiled and said, “What’s strange about that? Will refraining from being courageous and upright make the emperor mad? As a person, Jason isn’t bad, he just says things that nobody wants to hear. Think about it, what he always says is the most glaring flaw of a person. At this point, there are very few people who would like to listen to the truth. But unfortunately for them, Brother Hai wants to mingle with people who were quite frank. I think that because of this, Jason got along very well with Brother Hai.”

Lizzy looked strangely at Megan, then she went forward and whispered, “Megan, are you really happy with Zhao Hai? I couldn’t see anything special about him. Although he isn’t ugly, he isn’t handsome either, he’s very ordinary. There are a lot better guys in the world. You’re also sharing your man along with other women, are you really fine?”

Megan smiled and said, “What are you asking that? Brother Hai is very exceptional, outsiders simply cannot understand it. Let’s stop talking about this, let’s go eat something, I’m quite hungry.”

Charlie was similarly paying attention to Zhao Hai. He really cared about Zhao Hai so it was natural for him to give him more attention. Charlie also knew about Jason, so he was worried about Zhao Hai’s reaction.

Aside from Charlie, the Crown Prince was keeping an eye as well. Actually, he was telling the truth before, he really met Jason along the way. Terry and him were together, and when they saw Jason, they decided





to take him along as well.

The Crown Prince wanted Charlie to misunderstand Jason. If Charlie starts offending the Crook Family for this matter, the Crown Prince would move in and help the family. Then he could place it as the Crooks owing him a favor.

But now it seems that his plans were destroyed by Zhao Hai. The Crown Prince was clear that Jason’s mouth wasn’t something that a normal person can take. He didn’t think that Zhao Hai would only say a few words to deal with Jason. This completely destroyed his plan.

Thinking about this, the Crown Prince’s eyes couldn’t help but show a cold light. He was now somewhat envious of Charlie. Why would such an outstanding person arrive at Charlie’s hands. If Zhao Hai becomes the Crown Prince’s subordinate, then he would surely have 90% chance of inheriting the throne.

But it seems that Zhao Hai cannot be his subordinate anymore. So the only way forward was to exterminate him. He must be eliminated. If Zhao Hai survives, then the threat that he could present would be too great.

Seeing Zhao Hai and Jason’s expressions, Charlie couldn’t help but be surprised. Jason was difficult to get along with. But Zhao Hai actually did it, this was something very unexpected.

Zhao Hai and Jason chatted and drank together, they were enjoying themselves too much that they completely disregarded Terry. However, Terry still stuck with Zhao Hai, he was like honey sticking on skin.

Zhao Hai couldn’t understand what Terry was trying to do, but he knew that the more Terry does this, the more he showed that he had something in his heart. Zhao Hai was now even more certain that Terry wanted to deal with him, probably in this banquet.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown while thinking about this. He really wants to know how Terry plans to deal with him. After all, this is Charlie’s mansion, if he wanted to do something to Zhao Hai, it would be very difficult.

However, Zhao Hai was disappointed, the banquet was already halfway, but there wasn’t any movement. At this moment, there were men and women on the middle of the hall, dancing.

Zhao Hai couldn’t dance, so he just stayed at the sides with a glass of wine in his hand. Jason sat beside him, as well as Terry.

Looking at the dancing men and women, Jason couldn’t help but look disdainfully as he said to Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, I heard that you have three fiancees. Moreover, people said that they are quite the beauties. Is Megan, one of the two Imperial Flowers, the most attractive one?”

Zhao Hai looked at Jason. To be honest, Zhao Hai really enjoyed chatting with the guy. Jason didn’t act like a noble, he was more like Zhao Hai’s friends back on earth; those types who always give you bad influence. This made Zhao Hai feel interested in him.

Upon hearing Jason’s question, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “What? You’re jealous?





jealous? I tell you, don’t rely on your height, nor your face too much. When it comes to female interaction, you are very far from me.”

Jason scowled at Zhao Hai, “You’re too proud. I don’t believe that with my character and appearance, I would be worse than you.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “What’s the matter? Now that you can’t beat me with quality, you battle me in quantity? In that case, you have me beat. However, other nobles already know about you. And since were talking about character, look at that guy over there. If he heard you just now, he would be laughing so hard that his golden teeth would fall off.” Then he pointed to an old noble on the other side of the hall.

In the Ark Continent, having gold teeth was starting to get popular. The man that Zhao Hai pointed to was intently watching the noble women dancing on the hall with an open mouth. Saliva was flowing out, enough amount for 100 people to watch in their entire lives. He looked very dreadful.

Jason was drinking when Zhao Hai pointed towards the old noble. When he saw the old man, he couldn’t help but spew out the liquid in his mouth. He choked again and again while Zhao Hai laughed at the side.

Terry looked at Jason and Zhao Hai’s scene and couldn’t help but feel disdain. At the same time, he couldn’t understand what Megan found in Zhao Hai. To Terry, there was nothing good about this man.

After quite some time, Jason recovered, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “This fellow, he was just quite an ordinary man before, how can he be…”

Zhao Hai looked at him and said, “Secretly perverted, right?”

When he heard what Zhao Hai said, Jason’s eyes went bright as he said, “Right, right, secretly perverted, hahaha, you really know your stuff. I guess you’re quite knowledgeable about yourself.”

Zhao Hai scowled and said, “Get lost, and take your smelly mouth along with you, I can’t bear hearing anything from it anymore. Right, while waiting for God’s Grace Day, do you have any plans? Will you join the daily banquets in the capital? What do you plan to do? How about going to the sea with me while enjoying the view.”

Jason didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have such a proposal. He stared, at the same time, he felt strange. He only knew Zhao Hai for a bit less than two hours, but it felt like he knew him for dozens of years. Jason has never met anyone this rude to him. This made him really surprised.

But he immediately replied, “Good, then I’ll go with you to the sea. I’ll take this chance to see how you do your business so that I can overthrow you in the future.”

Zhao Hai frowned at him and said, “Go on, if you have the ability then I’d be happy. Alright, when it’s time to go, I’ll have





I’ll have someone inform you. At that time, you must not decline.”

Jason actually knit his brows and he said, “That may be hard to say, you know my status, I’m not as free as you.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, but if you have time, do tell me, I’ll take you out. If you don’t have any, then forget it. I want to find someone to play with, you’re quite fortunate that I haven’t found one yet.”

Jason also knew Zhao Hai’s situation, he just smiled bitterly and didn’t say anything. At this moment, Zhao Hai noticed the Crown Prince and Charlie heading towards the backyard, probably to discuss something.

Zhao Hai wrinkled his brows, but he didn’t say anything. Instead, he ordered Cai’er in his mind to pay attention to their situation.

Zhao Hai also paid attention to Laura and the others, who were still with Lizzy. They were all beautiful women, so they were very noticeable inside the hall. Many men passed by, asking them to dance, only to be disappointed when they got refused.

After a while, a servant came by their side and spoke a few words to Lizzy. Lizzy stood up and said a few words to Laura and the others before leaving.

Zhao Hai wasn’t interested in Lizzy, he already had three fiance’s, he was already satisfied. He also thought that Lizzy’s status wasn’t something that he could handle.

At this moment, Zhao Hai was really hating himself for not knowing how to dance. Otherwise, he would have invited Laura and the others. Unfortunately, the past Adam wasn’t very good at dancing. Because of this, nobody asked him to dance during parties. And adding on to the fact that he didn’t like to practice dancing, this made dancing even more foreign to him.

There was nothing else to say about Zhao Hai. Back on Earth, he was just a nerd. At the same time, there was almost nobody who practiced traditional dance. If he went up to people while jumping around, he would certainly get strange looks.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but regretfully sigh. He thought that he was a bit unfair to Laura and the others. Girls generally want to attend the dances in a banquet. They liked showing off their graceful side. But it was a pity that Zhao Hai didn’t know how to dance, so they can only sit on the sides.

Jason noticed Zhao Hai’s appearance. He smiled faintly and said, “What’s the matter? You want to dance with your fiance’s? Then why don’t you go over and invite them?”

Zhao Hai looked at him with and blank look, “You don’t need to mind my business. If I don’t want to dance, then I won’t dance. I quit dancing a long time ago.”

Jason looked at Zhao Hai with a shocked face, “You won’t dance? Or is it that you can’t dance? Isn’t that the most basic lesson that is taught to all nobles? Why can’t you do it?”

Zhao Hai snorted and said,

snorted and said, “The one who my family asked to teach me was an old man. I like pretty girls at that time, and wasn’t interested in the old man. Because of that, I had the old man chased away. From then on, nobody dared to teach me how to dance.”

When Jason heard Zhao Hai’s response, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Brother, you’re very good. I didn’t think of that, it’s a great idea. Chasing the teacher away, I’ll try that next time.”

Zhao Hai rolled his eyes and shifted his attention towards the men and women who were dancing in the middle. This Jason really brings you bad influence.

At this time, a servant arrived at Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Mister, His Highness is waiting in the backyard. He has sent for you.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said to Jason, “I’ll have to go.” Then he turned to Terry and said, “Brother Terry, I’ll be leaving for a moment.”

Terry smiled and said, “Go, go, we will wait for you here.” Maybe it was just in Zhao Hai’s mind, but Terry actually sounded overly enthusiastic. This confused Zhao Hai, at the same time, he also raised his guards up.

Zhao Hai walked towards the backyard along with the servant. The servant took two turns and three more before they arrived at a small room. After Zhao Hai sat down, the servant poured him a cup of tea before saying, “Please wait here, mister. His Majesty will first escort the Crown Prince away before he will come here.”

Zhao Hai stared, he looked at the servant and said, “The Crown Prince is leaving?”

The servant nodded and said, “He is, since his Highness the Crown Prince is leaving, His Highness the Third Prince is going to escort him. I’ll have to ask mister to wait a bit.”

Zhao Hai deeply looked at the servant’s eyes. After serving him tea, the servant immediately withdrew from the room. The reason why Zhao Hai stared at the servant was because the servant was lying. Cai’er just told him that Charlie was still chatting with the Crown Prince. This meant that the Crown Prince was still not leaving.

Why did he lie? What does he want to do? Zhao Hai was full of questions in his heart. If it wasn’t for the servant being familiar with Charlie’s mansion, Zhao Hai would’ve thought that the man was the Crown Prince’s subordinate. But seeing how the servant led him as well as his familiarity with serving the mansion’s tea, Zhao Hai was even more confused.

At this time, Cai’er suddenly told Zhao Hai that the servant didn’t walk away. Instead, he just hid in the corner of the courtyard, making sure that nobody would notice him.

Zhao Hai now understood why the servant didn’t close the door. This was in order to see his situation. Zhao Hai was now even more skeptical about the identity of the servant. What was he planning to do?





* * *


  












Chapter 462 – Hallucinogen

While Zhao Hai was confused, Cai’er gave another report. She said that the servant looked quite anxious, moreover he kept staring at the cup of tea on the table.

Zhao Hai stared, he looked at the cup on the table. After he arrived at the room, he didn’t receive any attacks, there weren’t any disturbances nor are there any other actions. The other party couldn’t just call him to the room and just do nothing, there should be something here, the only thing left was the cup of tea.

Zhao Hai lifted the cup and took a small sip. He want to see whether there was something strange with this cup of tea. He wanted to know if the tea was the method that the enemy has thought to deal with him.

When the liquid entered his mouth, a prompt from the Space was heard, “Relatively strong Hallucinogen detected. Can heavily affect a human body, may even cause memory loss afterwards. Extracting poison qualities, strengthening insecticide. Curing the host’s poison.”

Zhao Hai was shocked, he didn’t think that the servant would be giving him a cup of hallucination drugs. Although there was no specific description from the Space, he knew quite well that this was a cup also has some hint of aphrodisiac. And it seems like it had a strong potency.

Zhao Hai placed the cup down slowly. He really didn’t know why the other party would do this. Do they want to smear his image?

However, Zhao Hai wanted to see the entire play completely. He wanted to see how the opposite party would deal with him. Therefore, after he drank from the cup, he pretended to have a dizzy appearance. He kept shaking his head and then leaned on the wall after a moment, pretending to have fainted.

At this time, the servant appeared, he looked at Zhao Hai and pulled out a short sword from his body. He pointed it towards Zhao Hai’s leg, checking to see if Zhao Hai really fainted.

However, this servant didn’t use any Battle Qi. Although the clothes that Zhao Hai wore were from the Calci Family, he also used the armor that Laura gave him underneath. Naturally, ordinary attacks wouldn’t be able to pass through, halting the advance of the servant’s short sword.

Although





it had been blocked by the armor, it was still very painful, even then, Zhao Hai still feigned unconscious. The servant was stunned, but he immediately knew that Zhao Hai must have worn protective clothing. He couldn’t help but whisper, “Attending a banquet while wearing protective armor, what a coward.” Then he shook Zhao Hai.

No matter how much he shook Zhao Hai, the body was still very unconscious. Seeing this the servant said, “He should be awake right now. Did he overdose?”

Zhao Hai already knew that the drugs that the other party used wasn’t a sleeping pill. However, the dose that was presented was indeed too much. Cai’er already calculated when he will wake up, she would certainly tell Zhao Hai when the time arrives.

While Zhao Hai was waiting, the servant carried Zhao Hai and walked for a while. At this time, Zhao Hai moved slightly and opened his dizzy eyes. He looked very unfocused, just like when someone sleepwalked. Additionally, his breathing was also very heavy while his face was red.

Naturally, these conditions were achieved thanks to Cai’er’s help. He wasn’t an actor, if he only depended on his own acting, he wouldn’t be able to achieve such an effect.

The servant looked at Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but whisper, “It seems like I put a bit more of the drug. This drug is really powerful. You’re lucky you even woke up.”

Then Zhao Hai reached in front of a room’s door, after which he was pushed in. Then the servant closed the door, making the people inside the room unable to see him.

Zhao Hai stared, but he knew that the servant must be listening outside. While pretending to still be under the effects of the drug, Zhao Hai quickly scanned the room.

It was a very ordinary guest room. At first glance, one could see that this was where Charlie assigned his guests who he didn’t deem that important. The room was divided into two parts, the bedroom and the small living room. While standing in the living room, one could see the bedroom, there was only a screen separating the two. Looking at the bedroom, Zhao Hai was certain that there was another person lying inside.

The person’s breath was very smooth, was probably already asleep. Zhao Hai understood





understood a bit now, the other party wanted to lead him to this room after giving him the hallucinogen. And with the added aphrodisiac, they would wait until Zhao Hai does something to the person in the bedroom before coming in while he was doing the deed.

Now he understood why Terry stuck with him the entire time, he was afraid that Zhao Hai would do something out of his calculations. He also understood why Terry seemed happy when he was called over by the servant, it was actually because of this.

He can imagine that if he really was affected by the drug, after some time, Terry would bring Megan here to see the situation.

Thinking about this, Zhao Hai’s anger couldn’t help but flare up. The other person really wanted to ruin him. However, he was still curious. He was sure that the other person on the bedroom must have fainted. Otherwise, there was no way for the person to not wake up with how much ruckus he has made.

Zhao Hai was now curious about what sort of woman the other party prepared for him. If the woman’s quality was poor, then Zhao Hai was sure that Megan and the others would surely know that it has been faked with just a glance.

Thinking about this, Zhao Hai staggered towards the edge of the bed and looked into who was in it. The woman in the bed was still wearing her gown, and the bed’s blanket was arranged in such a way that only her eyes can be seen. What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that the person lying on the bed was actually awake!

Zhao Hai was startled, he carefully looked at the eyes of the opposite party, her eyes clearly expressed a panicked expression. Even with that, she still lied there motionless.

Zhao Hai was able to confirm that the other party was indeed under medication as well. But the medicine given was different, it should be the Paralyzing Drug. The type of medicine that makes one’s body unable to move while still being conscious.

Zhao Hai really wished that he could immediately kill Terry right now. But he knew that this shouldn’t only be the idea of Terry alone, the Crown Prince certainly had a hand in it as well. Otherwise,





well. Otherwise, the Crown Prince wouldn’t chat with Charlie privately right now.

Zhao Hai raised the blanket gently. But what Zhao Hai saw made him freeze, this was because the person on the bed was none other than Princess Lizzy!

Zhao Hai felt his scalp become numb. The hairs on his body were all standing up. He finally understood that the other party’s aim this time was not only him, but Charlie as well.

Consider this, if the other party’s plans were to be executed perfectly, having Charlie’s subordinate, one he placed extreme importance on, *** the princess, not only will Zhao Hai be ended, Charlie will be ended as well, including Princess Lizzy. One arrow, three birds, this move was really ruthless!

Princess Lizzy was panicking when she saw Zhao Hai. She was called over by a servant, telling her that Charlie has something to ask her. Lizzy didn’t doubt the servant and immediately followed him. Then the servant led her to a small living room while serving her a cup of tea. After giving her the tea, the servant told her to wait for Charlie since he still has to escort the Crown Prince.

Because Lizzy had drank some liquor at the banquet, she immediately took the cup and drank the tea. But she didn’t expect her body to become unresponsive, she felt as though her body didn’t belong to her anymore. She couldn’t even move a single finger, the only saving grace was the fact that she was still conscious.

Then the man brought her to the bed and covered him with the blanket. The man who held him wore black clothes, so she wasn’t able to recognize him.

When the person left, Lizzy became more and more frightened as time passed by. She didn’t know what would happen to her. While lying on the bed, she felt like minutes had turned into years.

All of a sudden, she could hear footsteps. Then a person entered the room, he entered the room and came into Lizzy’s sight. Surprisingly, the person was actually Zhao Hai.

But Lizzy also recognized the state that Zhao Hai was in. He looked very strange, his facial expression was not right, his face was also flushed. Lizzy knew that he had been drugged as well.

Lizzy was not stupid, she was the ninth princess.

the ninth princess. She knew that she had no chance of inheriting the throne, so she made sure to care less about the battle for succession.

However, among her several elder brothers, her relationship with Charlie was the best. When she saw Zhao Hai appearance, she instantly knew what was going on. But even if she has thought everything out, her heart still felt very uncomfortable, knowing that she had been used by her elder brother.

When Zhao Hai saw Lizzy, he also understood what was going on. He looked at Lizzy, and then he suddenly moved forward. He didn’t stop before he bumped into a screen. Then it became displaced, enough to cover the view towards the bedroom.

Seeing that the bedroom was now blocked, Zhao Hai’s appearance changed. He no longer had his intoxicated face. He went to Lizzy’s side and smiled faintly, he gave a bow before he whispered, “I’ve troubled her highness, please wait for a moment, I will immediately get you an antidote.” Then he waved his hand as a bottle appeared. Inside the bottle was a transparent liquid, he immediately guided Lizzy’s body to drink the antidote.

After feeding Lizzy some Spatial Water, Zhao Hai then told her in a low voice, “Princess, when the effects disappear, I must ask you to not shout. Don’t make any noise, cooperate with me in performing a play.”

Upon finishing the bottle, Zhao Hai put it away. Then he turned around and placed his hands over a piece of cloth. With a bit of effort, he tore the cloth and then pretended to breath heavily and with escalating intensity. He also made an effort to make the tearing of the cloth much louder.

While he tore a few cloths and breathed heavier and heavier, Zhao Hai also kept shaking the bed that Lizzy lied on. The bed issued a sound of being rocked up and down. At the same time, Zhao Hai also had Cai’er monitor the servant outside.

True enough, when the servant heard Zhao Hai’s noise, he gave a nod before walking away. Seeing that the servant has gone, Zhao Hai retrieved the cloths that he tore before looking at Lizzy and said, “Princess, please get up quickly, you must get away.”






* * *


  












Chapter 463 – Drinking Liquor While Waiting

At this time, Lizzy was able to move. But she was somewhat embarrassed, when she heard Zhao Hai’s noises, she couldn’t help but lower her head while she blushed. She slowly sat up from the bed and then got up.

Although she can already move, her movements were still quite stiff. However, Zhao Hai believed that she can still manage.

When Lizzy stood up, Zhao Hai immediately went forward to hold her and had her sit down on a chair. When Zhao Hai’s hand touched Lizzy, her body couldn’t help but tremble gently. She quickly became calm while feeling a sense of security.[1]

Zhao Hai didn’t know about any of these, he turned to Lizzy and whispered, “Your Highness, when you recover your strength, you should immediately leave the room. You must do so before the other party arrives.” Then he took a step back before tidying up the bed.

At this time, Lizzy had already recovered, she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Will mister not go with me?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “When acting in a play, it was natural to see it to the end. As long as Your Highness is alright, then their moves are all useless. Your Highness should quickly leave. Moreover, the farther you are from here, the better. When the other party brings people over here later, you can follow them.”

Lizzy stared at Zhao Hai and then gave a bow, “Lizzy needs to thank Mister. Lizzy will certainly no forget this favor.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Highness is too polite. Your Highness, please.” Lizzy nodded, then she turned around to leave the room. Zhao Hai already checked, the servant had already left. Therefore, Lizzy was free to leave, nobody will be able to spot her. Now, Zhao Hai wanted to see what kind of reaction the other party would make when they see the present situation.

After the took care of the bed, Zhao Hai rearranged the screen of the bedroom before he sat down on the living room. He placed a bottle of liquor on the table along with several types of snacks. The only thing that people can see here was a man enjoying his liquor and snacks all by himself.

While





he was enjoying himself, the servant who left when he heard Zhao Hai’s noises already left far away, afraid that somebody would see him on the scene.

He was currently waiting for time. The medicine that he gave Lizzy was something that would get weaker as time passes by. When the time that Lizzy recovers came, he would execute the next phase of the plan. This way, when the people arrive at the room, they would be seeing Lizzy struggling against the assault of Zhao Hai.

The servant was very confident in his plan. But he was still very careful about being spotted. Because of this, he stayed far away from the room where Zhao Hai was. He wasn’t aware that Lizzy has already left.

When the time that he calculated came, he felt that it was time to execute the next phase. So he shouted loudly, “Not good, not good! The Princess is missing!”

Although he couldn’t be seen, his voice still reached every single person inside the hall. Everyone stopped what they were doing and became startled.

When Laura and the others knew that Zhao Hai was called over by a servant, they immediately knew that something wasn’t right. This scene was obviously directed at Zhao Hai.

The complexion of Laura and the others couldn’t help but change. People stood up and walked away. Megan gave a glance at Terry and saw a smug look on his face. Megan immediately knew that this event was certainly Terry’s doing. Megan couldn’t help but bite her lip as she stared intensely at Terry. Then she followed Laura as the group headed out.[2]

Terry was too proud to not notice Megan’s look. If he did, nobody knew what he would be thinking

On the other hand, when Charlie heard the servan’ts voice, his face couldn’t help but drop. The servants in his mansion were well trained, even if Lizzy did indeed go missing, they would certainly refrain from shouting and causing such a ruckus. This shout certainly didn’t come from the people of his mansion. If it was indeed someone from his mansion, then the servant was certainly bought over by another person.

While thinking about this, Charlie couldn’t help but turn his head to the Crown Prince. The Crown Prince’s eyes flashed a smug





smug look. But the Crown Prince still pretended to change his expression, he stood up and said, “Younger Sister? How can Younger sister have an accident?” Then he also walked outside.

Charlie’s face couldn’t help but express his anger. Then he became worried, he knew that he had been negligent. This was his residence, and he didn’t manage to see that a plan has been spun inside.

Charlie immediately followed the Crown Prince. At this time, the nobles who were in the hall were also heading towards the backyard. At this time, Terry was in the middle, talking to a servant.

Charlie and the Crown Prince arrived, when Terry saw the two of them arriving, he released the servant and then gave a bow. “Your Highness Crown Prince, Your Highness Third Prince, this servant just came in for a report.”

Charlie looked at the servant and couldn’t help but stare, the servant was actually from his residence. He had seen him before, but he didn’t think that this man was already owned by the Crown Prince.

At the same time, Charlie’s heart sank. He knew that for the Crown Prince to give up such an important piece, then an appropriate result must have been achieved. It seems that things wouldn’t be good after this day.

Charlie wanted to see who was being framed from the crowd. He believed that those who were involved shouldn’t be among these people. When he saw that Zhao Hai wasn’t in sight, Charlie’s heart couldn’t help but skip a beat.

Charlie’s heart sank even further. He didn’t care about any other person other than Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was too important for his future plans, he just couldn’t leave him behind.

At this time, the Crown Prince opened his mouth and asked, “What happened?”

Terry looked at the Third Prince and said, “The Princess told the servant that she was tired, so she thought of going back to take a rest. It was this servant who followed her, but he was surprised when he suddenly woke up in the backyard. It was at that time that he shouted.”

Charlie looked at the servant and said, “Is this true?”

The servant lowered his head and said, “When the Princess told me that she was tired, I lead her to the backyard in order





in order to take a rest. But when we arrived, I was hit and fainted. After that, I had no further memories.”

Charlie coldly looked at the servant. He didn’t think of scolding him, it was already useless at this time. This scenario was certainly arranged by the Crown Prince’s group. Charlie had no choice but to see how it plays out.

The Crown Prince did give Charlie a chance to ask any more questions, he immediately commanded, “Immediately look around the mansion, see if the Princess is still inside.”

However, the nobles didn’t actually move. These matters aren’t something that they can meddle in. Moreover, this was Charlie’s mansion, they cannot just wander around here. They weren’t fools, therefore they stood in their original place and didn’t take a single step forward.

At this time, another servant suddenly yelled, “Your Highness, I just saw a person holding the Princess and headed somewhere.”

As if in coordination, the Crown Prince immediately asked, “Who is it? Who did you see?”

The servant looked at Charlie and pretended to be afraid, “He resembles someone. Probably mister Zhao Hai!”

Charlie looked at the servant and saw the he was his mansion servant as well. Not someone who just pretended to be one. This made his back sweat, he didn’t think that there would be this much traitors inside his mansion.

At the same time, when he heard the servant saying that Zhao Hai was holding Lizzy to go into a certain direction, his head couldn’t help but feel dizzy. He was very clear that Zhao Hai and Lizzy were certainly framed. Now, he understood the Crown Prince’s plan. And this plan had four birds as its targets.

The first bird was naturally Charlie. If Lizzy had an accident in his mansion, with Zhao Hai being the culprit, Charlie will certainly be ended. Don’t say the struggle for the throne, his status as a successor might even be revoked.

The second bird was Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai’s strength was well known. And the side that gains his help will certainly increase its strength. Because of this, the second target was naturally Zhao Hai.

The third bird was Lizzy. Although Lizzy was only a Princess and didn’t have a right of inheritance, she was the most favored offspring of the current emperor. If

current emperor. If Lizzy suffers an accident, she would be shaming the entire Imperial Clan. With this, it would be impossible for her to obtain the affection of her father. This was equal to killing Lizzy, and after that, it would be impossible for Lizzie to help Charlie.

The fourth bird would be the Calci Family. Even if the Calci Family distanced themselves quite well. With Zhao Hai being involved in this mess, it would be impossible for them to not be implicated.

Charlie was quite talented in politics, that’s why he understood everything in a flash. He couldn’t help but turn to look at the Crown Prince. The Crown Prince’s usually does things without much enthusiasm. But when he made a move, the effects would be sky shattering.

Now Charlie understood why Terry and the Crown Prince came together. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be cooperating with this performance. When he looked at Jason, Charlie thought that he was surely not involved. Jason was standing amongst the crowd, and as soon as he heard Zhao Hai’s name being called out, his expression couldn’t help but sink. His expression didn’t fit with someone who was involved in the plan.

In the end, Charlie couldn’t do anything. He can only wish that Zhao Hai was doing well, that he wasn’t going according to the other party’s plan.

But Charlie also knew that the possibility of this happening was minimal. If the Crown Prince’s plan failed, then they wouldn’t be making such a huge commotion right now.

While Charlie was thinking about these, the Crown Prince already had the servant led them towards the room that Zhao Hai was in.

Although Zhao Hai was still sitting inside his room, he can still look at the situation through the monitor. He paid attention to everything that was happening. He also saw Lizzy’s figure following right behind the group, she currently had a smirk plastered on her face.

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile, and then with a serious voice he said, “Cai’er, pay attention to those two servants. Do no make them escape, don’t make them commit suicide either. We need a potential informant, I must keep them to ask for their personal confession.” Cai’er nodded.






* * *


  












Chapter 464 – I Have to See

At this time, the Crown Prince has been led by the servant in front of a door. The servant gestured towards the door and said, “Your Highness, Zhao Hai went here.” There was no need for the servant to tell them, they already knew that someone was inside since the lamp was already lit.

Laura and the others followed the crowd with worried faces. While the people around them looked at the group with strange looks.

These people weren’t fools, they clearly knew that Zhao Hai was set up. Because of this, they weren’t that surprised by the situation. At this point, the crowd treated the situation as though they were watching a play. Most of these people even took pleasure in seeing another one’s misfortune.

Soon enough, the crowd has arrived in front of Zhao Hai’s room. The Crown Prince imitated a concerned voice, “Is Mister Zhao Hai inside?”

Zhao Hai, who was sitting on his table, just faintly smiled and took a sip of wine. He didn’t make a noise, he just waited to see the proud appearances of these people turn the opposite way.

When the Crown Prince heard nothing, he seemed to be sure that Zhao Hai was inside. Then he immediately issued a command, “Break in, let’s save Lizzy!”

Terry came in first and kicked the door open, he gave a shout as he rushed inside the room. When he looked at the scene, he couldn’t help but freeze when he saw Zhao Hai inside, drinking wine.

At this time, people had also kicked the walls of the room to break in. All of them looked dull at Zhao Hai’s scene. Zhao Hai was halfway to drinking his wine, he couldn’t help but stop and stare at those who arrived. He slowly placed his wine glass down and stood up, then he bowed to the stunned Princes and said, “Everyone, I’m just hiding in order to enjoy some snacks along with the wine. Why are all of you so anxious?”

When Zhao Hai said this, the first who responded was Laura, she couldn’t help but laugh. Seeing Zhao Hai’s appearance, she immediately knew that everything was under his control.

Charlie was happy to see Zhao Hai. Jason looked at Zhao Hai and then the Crown Prince, he couldn’t help but laugh out loud as he said, “Kid, you dare hide here and drink without inviting me? Oh, and you even have some snacks from snack street. Your Highness Third Prince, can I have some snacks as well?”

Charlie was ecstatic right now, he couldn’t help but laugh as well, “You don’t have to ask me about this, these are things that Little Hai brought. Little Hai, you may not like the food, but why do you have to drink alone here?”

At this point, the Crown Prince couldn’t take it anymore, “Enough, Zhao Hai, where is Lizzy? If something happens to her, you will be held accountable.”

Zhao Hai coldly looked at the Crown Prince and





then calmly replied, “I don’t know what Your Highness is talking about. Princess Lizzy’s disappearance doesn’t have anything to do with me.”

The Crown Prince coldly replied, “Someone clearly saw you holding Lizzy, where is she?”

Zhao Hai was without expression, “Who saw it? Where are they?”

The Crown Prince turned his head and was surprised. The two servants from Charlie’s mansion who led them here actually vanished.

The Crown Prince stared, he already knew that this night was his defeat. At this time, Lizzy’s voice was heard from behind the crowd. “For Big Brother to care about my safety, this really makes me feel glad.”

Along with her voice, Lizzy also appeared as she slowly walked forward from behind the crowd. She looked at the Crown Prince with a frosty glare, she also looked at Terry before she calmly saud, “Some people came to look for me, saying that Third Brother wanted to see me. I went with them but I didn’t expect that I would be deceived by that servant. Third Brother, your mansion isn’t very peaceful, you may want to clean it up. Separate the cats from the dogs, otherwise your house will continue to be chaotic.”

When he heard Lizzy, the Crown Prince’s expression couldn’t help but turn complex. At this time Zhao Hai also gave his thoughts, “Third Prince, I also think that you should make some changes in this mansion. I was also called over by a servant, he told me that you are also looking for me, hehe.”

Charlie’s complexion sank as he said, “Little Hai, rest assured, I will certainly clean this place up. I’ve also noticed lately that the mansion hasn’t been that peaceful.”

The Crown Prince’s complexion was currently pale, he coldly snorted before turning around to leave. Looking at the Crown Prince leaving, Charlie didn’t move a single step. Since the other party didn’t consider his face, then there was no reason for him to be polite.

The guests who Charlie invited didn’t know what they needed to do. Some of them followed the Crown Prince in leaving, while some of them remained.

Charlie didn’t think that those who remained were people on his side. He was not naive, he knew that they only stayed because they were afraid of offending him.

But Charlie didn’t care, one can win against a thousand, and Zhao Hai was that one. If all these Nobles left, Charlie wouldn’t bat an eyelid.

However, he still needs to deal with this situation, so Charlie asked everyone return to the hall to eat and drink. The crowd returned to the hall, but with lesser enthusiasm in their faces.

Zhao Hai didn’t return with them, he just stayed in the room and drank liquor with Jason. Laura and the others didn’t go as well, they kept Zhao Hai company. Most surprisingly, Lizzy also stayed.

Zhao Hai and Jason sat in the table and drank while Laura and the others chatted on the side. Jason looked at the group of women and then to Lizzy before he





he leaned over to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother, what happened? Did something really happen earlier? Why does Princess Lizzy keep looking at you strangely?”[1]

Zhao Hai looked at him and said, “Don’t talk nonsense, I almost got into an accident. If it really happened, I would be dead right now.” Naturally, he whispered as well.

After Jason heard him, he placed his wine glass in the table before looking at Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, are you telling the truth? Did they really plot against you?”

Zhao Hai snorted, “I won’t deceive you in this matter. This matter has something to do with Terry. When I went to buy somethings with Megan a few days ago, he always gives me the wrong kind of gaze. I didn’t expect that he would act this fast. Hmph, I thought that he would hold back, I didn’t think that he would actually be so anxious. With this matter, I need to be more vigilant from now on, if I didn’t manage to deal with today’s incided. Not only me, but the Third Prince and Princess Lizzy would have been ended.”

Jason coldly snorted, “You’re thinking too simply. Not just the Third Prince and Princess Lizzy, the Calci Family would be implicated as well. Also, your Buda Clan would be finished. After that, your clan wouldn’t have any place to settle in the continent anymore.”

Zhao Hai snorted. Jason then seriously said, “I didn’t think that Terry would be this much of a sinister villain. But Little Hai, you should also know that you have offended the Crown Prince as well, you should prepare yourself.”

Zhao Hai sneered, “If not for today’s matter, will he still let me off? I’m now on the Third Prince’s side. I am already the Crown Prince’s enemy. Him letting me off would actually be more strange.”

Jason sighed, and then didn’t talk anymore. Zhao Hai also knew that Jason didn’t have anything to add on this matter. He then looked at Jason and with a serious voice, he said, “Jason, I’m telling you today that it wouldn’t be good for you if you stay close with their group. Be careful when you meet them next time.”

Jason nodded, and then continued to drink liquor with Zhao Hai. Laura and the others were still on the side and just chatted with each other. Before long, Charlie came in. The banquet was already over. Because the atmosphere has been ruined, he decided to end the banquet sooner than he planned.

Charlie looked at Zhao Hai and Jason as he smiled and said,” You two are getting too comfortable drinking here. Right, Little Hai, come over for a moment, I have something to tell you.” Zhao Hai nodded and then placed his wine glass down.

Jason placed his glass down as well as he turned to Charlie and said, “Your Highness, it’s already quite late, I’ll be heading back as well.”

Charlie didn’t stop him, he smiled to Jason and said, “Alright, if you have time, you can come





can come back here and visit.”

Jason nodded, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, if you have time, go to my family’s fort and look for me. You should know that I don’t have much friends in Carson City, when the time comes, you should ask me for a drink.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then smiled, “Of course, you should prepare a nice wine to drink.”

Jason smiled, “No, no. My liquors wouldn’t compare to yours. You prepare the liquor while I handle the side dishes.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then prepare to hear my knock on your door. I’ll be bringing some good wines.” The two of them laughed before Jason proceeded to leave Charlie’s mansion.

Looking at the departing Jason, Charlie smiled and said, “Zhao Hai, I didn’t think that Carson City’s foul-mouthed Jason would actually find a friend in you. I didn’t expect you being able to handle his words.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “Honestly, I like his character. It’s just that there aren’t a lot of people who wanted to handle the truth, that’s why they cannot bear with him. Fortunately, I am the opposite. That’s why I can become friends with him.”

Lizzy, who was close by, couldn’t help but stare at Zhao Hai. Megan also spoke to her about Zhao Hai’s personality. When she heard what Zhao Hai said, she couldn’t help but turn to Megan and see her infatuated face watching Zhao Hai.

Charlie nodded and said, “Alright, let’s go somewhere else. Lizzy, you should go back.”

Lizzy actually shook her head and said, “No, I won’t head back. Third Brother, with today’s matter, I’m quite afraid of my safety. I must go with you.”

Charlie looked at Lizzy and thought deep inside that the root of the matter was still him. Because he implicated Lizzy, there was no reason for him to refuse her request. Charlie sighed and said, “Alright, come with me.” The group went on to head towards the courtyard living room.

John Yinmi and the others were also waiting for them there. Laura and the others didn’t leave, they went along with Zhao Hai and entered the room. Charlie didn’t stop them. After the group sat down, Charlie turned to Zhao Hai and Lizzy and asked, “Tell us what happened earlier.”

Zhao Hai and Lizzy then told Charlie and the others what happened to them. The more Charlie listened, the more ugly his expression became. He didn’t think that the Crown Prince would be this ruthless. If his plan succeeded, the consequences would be extremely dreadful. Charlie couldn’t help but appreciate Zhao Hai deep down.

After giving his report, Zhao Hai waved his hand as two people appeared. These people were naturally the two servants.

Charlie looked at the two servants and couldn’t help but stare. John and the others stared at Zhao Hai as well. They didn’t expect that Zhao Hai’s space could actually store living beings.

But soon, they understood what was going on when Zhao Hai said, “Tell your identities to His Highness.” The

His Highness.” The two nodded and then continued to tell Charlie who they are.

They being the sons servants was true. However, their parents’ identities were something that the Crown Prince has arranged. Charlie’s head steward was already bought over by the Crown Prince, so he faked these servant’s identities. They weren’t actually the sons of Charlie’s servants, but the Crown Prince’s servants instead.

Charlie and the others already knew by now that these two have been made into Advanced Level Undead. They sighed at Zhao Hai’s viciousness, but at the same time, they also developed more confidence in Zhao Hai’s strength. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this skilled, being able to easily turn people into Advanced Level Undead.

After the servants revealed their background, Charlie became startled. The Stewards was actually someone that Charlie looked up to. He didn’t think that the person was actually a traitor.

Charlie coldly snorted and said, “I will take care of them slowly. Today’s matter was really close. Luckily, Little Hai had been extremely vigilant. Otherwise, the consequences would be terrifying. Little Hai, how did you know that the cup had hallucinogens in it?”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “How? I am a Dark Mage. Dark Mages who didn’t use poisons are very rare. In front of an expert in poisons, their move was too easy to spot.”

Charlie couldn’t help but laugh, the others smiled at Zhao Hai as well. They didn’t know about the Space, but a Dark Mage’s reputation regarding poisons was something every person in the continent knew. Therefore, they didn’t express suspicion in Zhao Hai’s testament.

After laughing, Charlie turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what do you think we should do next? Do we have to swallow this time’s humiliation?”

Zhao Hai sneered, “Suffer a loss without retaliation? How is that possible? From what I see, Terry going along with the Crown Prince was certainly something that they have planned all along. They are quite confident in dealing with us, but unfortunately for them, their good luck has finally run out. Since they made the first move, I won’t be polite anymore. Your Highness, you don’t need to worry about this matter, I will personally take care of it. Let’s see how strong this millenium-old Robert Family really is.”

When they heard Zhao Hai, Megan knew that Zhao Hai was now fully intent in exterminating the Robert Family. But Megan didn’t say anything. She was on Zhao Hai’s side, moreover, it was Terry who moved first. She will certainly not stop Zhao Hai from doing what he wants to do.

Lizzy and Charlie frowned, they were somewhat worried because the strength of an established Noble family wasn’t something that one could easily challenge. Millenium-old Clans in the continent were rarely destroyed completely. Most of these clans only fell from grace because of some sort of internal conflict. Zhao Hai wanting to deal with the entire Robert Family was something the two of them thought was impossible.






* * *


  












Charlie 465 – A Brother’s Thoughts

Zhao Hai looked at their faces and smiled faintly, “Your Highness, don’t worry, I will certainly take care. If we continue to let him do these things, more and more families will be joining the Crown Prince’s side. And then your hope of getting the throne would get smaller and smaller. I just want those who follows the Crown Prince to know that they won’t be safe even if they are a millennium-old clan.”

Zhao Hai’s words sounded crazy, it was something that he was intent on following through. Those who heard it would certainly feel shock, their hearts would be beating faster.

But this reaction wasn’t an exaggeration. It was because the people who Zhao Hai wanted to deal with belonged to a millenium-old family. These families were held on being the most powerful forces in the continent. Even Royale Clans wouldn’t dare to offend these families. This was because there are only a few Royal Clans in the continent, while there are a lot of millenium-old clans.

Zhao Hai expressing his intent on waging war with a millennium family made the hearts of those who were present burn with anticipation. Charlie looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Good, Little Hai, getting hit and not retaliating isn’t your style. Good, good.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Highness, you don’t need to worry about this matter. What is most important for you right now is cleaning up your mansion. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to rest freely.”

Charlie smiled, “Rest assured, nothing wrong will happen. But this wouldn’t be very simple to fix, however, since they are already exposed, I will slowly take care of these people.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s good. Your Highness, it’s already quite late. I need to go back, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to return in the next few days. I’m too busy.”

Charlie nodded and said, “Alright, we have no choice. But if you have some free time, don’t forget to come visit.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he stood up. Said his goodbyes to Lizzy and then proceeded to leave.

Seeing that Zhao Hai was going to leave, Lizzy immediately stood up and looked at Zhao Hai, “Mister Zhao Hai, will I meet





you at the imperial banquet?”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t’t think that Lizzy would ask him about this. But he shook his head and said, “I don’t think so. With my status, I don’t have any qualifications to attend the banquet. Also, I really don’t like attending such gatherings.”

Charlie stared profoundly at Zhao Hai. Then he smiled faintly and said, “If you want to participate, there will be no problem, I can just take you there myself. What do you think? Will you come?”

Zhao Hai looked at Charlie and then to Lizzy, he still shook his head and said, “Consider this matter finished, I don’t know anyone there, I will just be bored. I also don’t like banquets.”

Charlie nodded and said, “Alright, if you don’t want to go I won’t force you. You go back first, come back here if you have time.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he led Laura and the others to leave.

Lizzy looked at Laura and the others who were following Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but feel envy. Charlie looked at Lizzy’s expression, he sighed in his heart and murmured, “Little Hai is really too outstanding, it seems like he would have more wives in the future. He is the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, and his clan doesn’t have that much members. I’m certain that he will get many wives, to increase the family’s branches as much as possible.”

Charlie said this intentionally because since Zhao Hai rescued Lizzy, Lizzy might hold a special sentiment towards Zhao Hai inside her heart. Charlie knew that if this sentiment were to evolve, it would turn into love. He said this because he wanted Lizzy to lose heart. Charlie was very clear about how much pride Lizzy held inside her heart. She will certainly not agree to marry someone who had other women.

If Zhao Hai married before, then Lizzy wouldn’t have anything to say. However, if Zhao Hai wanted to marry others in the future, it was certain that Lizzy wouldn’t be able accept it. Charlie wanted Lizzy to understand that Zhao Hai will certainly have more wives in the future.

When she heard Charlie’s words, Lizzy’s complexion changes slightly before quickly recovering. However, Charlie knew that his words were already received.

Charlie didn’t say anything else





else on this topic, he turned to Lizzy and said, “Lizzy, now that Big Brother has already erased his consideration for us, you need to be more careful. Right, I really didn’t want this to happen, but Big Brother actually included you in his plots, I apologize deeply for this.”

Lizzy shook her head and said, “No, Third Brother, this matter isn’t yours to blame. I just didn’t expect him to do such a thing. Third Brother, starting today, I will strongly support you.”

Charlie smiled bitterly, “Forget it, the reason why father likes you is because you never cared about these things. If you participate, I’m afraid that you won’t be able to keep your current status. It’s alright, no need to worry about your Third Brother. Nobody bullies your Third Brother and lives comfortably later.”

Lizzy stared at Charlie, she didn’t say anything more about this matter. She just gave a small salute before saying, “Third Brother, I will be heading back.” Then she turned around to leave.

In Rosen Empire, after a Prince has grown up, then he must construct his own palace outside. This rule didn’t apply to princesses, they would be staying inside the Imperial Palace before getting married. If she was favored, the Emperor would bestow her a residence in the palace, allowing her to stay in the palace along with her husband. If you aren’t favored, the princess can only leave the palace to live with her husband.

Zhao Hai still wasn’t married. Lizzy wasn’t engaged as well, because of this, she still lived inside the Imperial Palace. Seeing Lizzy leave, Charlie couldn’t help but sigh. He pained for Lizzy’s well-being. She’s a kindhearted woman and sensible as well, but she was also a bit arrogant and would never put an average man in her eyes.

Zhao Hai saving her today certainly left a big impact. Moreover, Zhao Hai’s beautiful handling of the situation made Lizzy change her thoughts about him.

The only issue about this was that Zhao Hai had already three fiancees, but it looks like it would be four. This is because Laura had Nier always right by her side. Due to this, Charlie cannot propose to Lizzy the matter of marrying Zhao Hai.

From Charlie’s point of view, Zhao Hai’s strength





Hai’s strength was worthy of Lizzy. If Zhao Hai didn’t have a lot of fiancees, then Charlie would be happy to see their marriage. In the end, he was an older brother who didn’t want someone to hurt his little sister. Charlie didn’t want to see her sister fighting with other women for the favor of his husband.

Zhao Hai didn’t think of any of these right now, he was currently sitting inside his carriage along with Laura and the others. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, how are planning to deal with Terry?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Bring the Robert Family down from their position as one of the top families in the continent. If they really wanted to deal with me, then I will exterminate them.”

Laura nodded, then she said, “Brother Hai, so how are we going to do it?”

Zhao Hai looked outside the window and then said, “Rest assured, no need to worry about it. I have already sent a Blood Hawk out, letting the Space map out the entire Rosen Empire. Then when we return, Megan, I will have to ask your family to map out all of the Robert Family’s businesses inside the Empire.”

Megan nodded, to be honest, if Zhao Hai wanted to deal with the Robert Family before this day, she would certainly try her best to stop him. The Robert and Calci Families always had a good relationship from generation to generation. But what Terry did today was excessive, Zhao Hai wanting to make an action against the Robert Family was quite normal.

Zhao Hai then said, “Also, tell father and grandfather about what happened earlier. Make them prepare. If the Robert Family really wants to fight with us, then the Calci Family must be ready to take over the Robert Family’s businesses.

Megan nodded and said, “Be careful Brother Hai. The Robert Family is a Millennium-old clan, they are not that easy to deal with.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t speak. Now that he has a plan, he certainly won’t make the Robert Family’s life any easier.

His carriage immediately returned to Dark Soldier Fort. Because it was already late, except for the guards and the servants who worked the night shift, everybody has already rested. Zhao

already rested. Zhao Hai didn’t want to disturb anyone, he went directly to his courtyard before going into the Space to rest.

Tonight, Charlie invited the Calci Family to the banquet, but Randolph didn’t send anyone. This was to show the other people that the Calci Family wasn’t supporting Charlie yet. Zhao Hai and Charlie might be partners, but Zhao Hai’s matters have nothing to do with the Calci Family.

Another reason was because Megan was already planning to attend. Although Megan was engaged to Zhao Hai, the two still weren’t married. Therefore, Megan can act on behalf of the Calci Family, making sure that Charlie didn’t get offended while not making other people misunderstand.

The night went by without any issues. The next morning, Zhao Hai combed his hair and washed his face before having breakfast with the others. Just as he took a bite, Smith sent someone over to fetch him.

Zhao Hai also knew that Smith was already aware of yesterday’s matters. It seems like Smith still wanted to ask Zhao Hai about the details. Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate, he immediately went to the Rustling Tree Courtyard’s living room while being led by the servant. Smith wasn’t the only one present, Randolph came as well.

After the group gave each other greetings, Randolph had Zhao Hai sit down before asking, “Little Hai, carefully tell us about yesterday’s matters.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he told Randolph what happened yesterday evening. Zhao Hai’s serious voice said, “This matter was certainly orchestrated by the cooperation between Terry and the Crown Prince. Moreover, I’m afraid that the Robert Family had already thrown their lot with the Crown Prince. Even if the Robert Family didn’t, then Terry certainly did.”

After Randolph heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but frown and said, “It certainly isn’t just Terry allying with the Crown Prince. It seems like this action was decided by the Robert Family itself. Terry is their successor, him going to the Crown Prince’s side without the approval of the family would be very strange.”

Smith also nodded, “It seems to be like this. I didn’t think that the Robert Family would actually support the Crown Prince publicly. This is really a strange case. Father, do you think that we should fully support the Third Prince?”





* * *


  












Chapter 466 – Going To Jason’s Home

Randolph shook his head and said, “Consider that matter finished. How the Robert Family wants to go with their matters is none of our business. We shall retain our stance with regards to the succession battle. Right Little Hai, how will you deal with the Robert Family?” Randolph knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t someone who would suffer without retaliating. With how Terry plotted against him, Zhao Hai will surely not forget this matter.

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said “In a few days, I will deal with the Robert Family. But if they continue to annoy me, then I would have no choice but to exterminate them.”

Randolph and Smith doesn’t know of Zhao Hai’s true strength. But when they heard what he said, they couldn’t help but knit their eyebrows. They thought that Zhao Hai’s words are too boastful.

Smith opened his mouth and said, “Little Hai, you need to be careful with millenium-old Clans, they aren’t that simple. You should know that 9th ranks experts can live more than a thousand years. Everybody knew that the Robert Family had five 9th rank experts. But we need to account for the hidden trump cards that they have, you need to act carefully.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I will take care. Uncle doesn’t need to worry.”

Smith also knew that Zhao Hai understood what he meant, so he didn’t warn him any longer. He just nodded and said, “What are you planning to do today?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “I had a great time with Jason yesterday evening, we have become friends. Today, I think I’ll head to the Crook Family and look for him. At the same time, I might as well give the family some gifts. If those foods go past God’s Grace Day, they would certainly taste different.”

Smith nodded and said, “Alright, that’s good. Even if the Crook Family isn’t a millennium-old clan, they are also quite a competent family in Rosen Empire. You should go meet them.”

Randolph nodded as well, “I really didn’t expect you to befriend that boy Jason. That boy’s foul mouth is very famous. He has managed to annoy a lot of people, aside from you.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t say anything. Randolph looked at the sky and said, “You should





head there early. I also have some matters to take care of. I’ll leave first.” Then he stood up and turned around to leave. Zhao Hai and Smith escorted him to the exit of the courtyard.

After seeing Randolph leave, Smith brought Zhao Hai back to the room. After they sat down, Smith asked, “Little Hai, tell me. Do you really have the strength and confidence to deal with the Robert Family?”

Zhao Hai didn’t mince words and directly said, “I’m very confident.”

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and couldn’t help but frown, he didn’t believe Zhao Hai. He knew that one couldn’t just be confident in this matter, millenium-old families aren’t a joke. Zhao Hai being this confident made Smith think that Zhao Hai was too arrogant.

When he saw Smith’s expression, Zhao Hai knew what he was thinking. He added, “Uncle, rest assured, If I’m confident, then I can definitely do it. You don’t have to worry.”

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Consider this matter done. Whatever happens, me and father wouldn’t mind it. Do what you can, know that the Calci Family is behind you.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Thank you uncle. If there’s nothing else, then I will leave first.”

Smith nodded and said, “Go.” Zhao Hai stood up, he gave a small salute and went to prepare for his trip to the Crook Family. He also prepared the seafood that he was going to gift them.

After returning to his place, Zhao Hai discussed his plan to head to the Crook Family with Laura and the others. The women didn’t oppose, they clearly saw how comfortable Zhao Hai was with Jason. With how the two clicked with each other, how can they possibly oppose.

Zhao Hai didn’t plan to take Laura and the others today. This time, he only meant to visit the family and give them a gift, so it wouldn’t be good if he brought the women along. He had Shue and Shun prepare his carriage before he slowly headed to the Crook Family’s residence.

The Crook Family’s Castle was also constructed outside Carson City. It wasn’t that far away from the Calci Family’s place, just a few hills away. It would take an hour of travel before arriving.

The small mountain that the Crook Family constructed their castle in was quite similar





similar to the Calci Family, only a bit smaller. There weren’t many trees on the hill, and the fort was as large as the fort of the Calci Family. However, the fort looked a bit newer than the Dark Soldier Fort, and it had a very practical design.

There was also a small house at the foot of the hill, guarding the road that headed towards the fort. There was a bar on the road as well. When Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived, a servant went out of the small house. The servant first examined Zhao Hai’s emblem, he was stunned, this was because he hadn’t seen this emblem before.

However, this servant was well-trained. He recognized that the emblem belonged to a Count. Although it was insignificant compared to the Crook family, the servant still didn’t dare underestimate the person inside the carrise. Before long, the servant arrived at the carriage and gave Shun a bow before asking, “May I know who is the owner of this carriage?”

Shun, who was driving the carriage, returned the servant’s salute before answering, “Buda Clan’s Patriarch, Zhao Hai Buda. He came to visit Young Master Jason Crook.”

As soon as the servant heard that it was the Buda Clan, he stared for a moment. He has heard about the Buda Clan, moreover, the way Jason and Zhao Hai interacted last night was also relayed to him. He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to visit today.

The servant immediately answered, “Mister, please.” He said before removing the roadblock. This servant knew that the Young Master of the family wasn’t someone who had a lot of noble friends. For him to befriend the Buda Clan’s Patriarch was surely a welcome surprise.

In a blink of an eye, the obstacles have been removed. The servant gave another bow as the carriage headed up the hill. At the same time, a Wind Falcon flew up the mountain.

When Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived at the Crook Family’s Castle, Jason was already there waiting for him. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai getting off the carriage, Jason immediately welcomed him. He laughed and said, “Well, you really came very quickly.”

Zhao Hai stared at him and said, “What? Am I not welcome? If I’m not, then I might as well leave.”

Jason held Zhao Hai and said, “Leave? I greeted you in





you in the front door, if you don’t leave behind some liquor then I won’t release you.” Then he pulled Zhao Hai towards the fort. They didn’t notice that the eyes of the guards and the servants were about to pop out of their sockets.

In Carson City, Jason was certainly a unique type of person. It was not only the other nobles who thought to, the Crook Family as well. He had a foul mouth, his temperament wasn’t good as well. Because of this, he didn’t have any friends even after all these years. Those who came to the fort always looked for Jason’s brothers, none bothered to visit him.

Although Jason was good to the family’s servants, those servants couldn’t be his friends, even if they have a good relationship with him. It was precisely because of this that the people present were quite surprised to see how Jason was very polite to another noble. Even the Princes wouldn’t receive such face from Jason.

After entering the fort, Zhao Hai noticed that even if the fort was as big as the the Calci Family’s fort, it lacked the ancient atmosphere. It felt like it’s history was quite insufficient. Since the fort was as large as Dark Soldier fort, naturally it also had a special carriage for visitors to ride in when they visit. However, their carriage wasn’t as luxurious as the Calci Family’s, it looked very simple.

After they entered three doors, they finally arrived at a courtyard. Jason brought Zhao Hai to the place that he was staying at. When the two had sat down, Zhao Hai noticed the fruit trees planted in the courtyard and smiled, “Interesting. Other people generally wouldn’t plant fruit trees inside their courtyards, only some ornamental plants. This is my first time seeing someone plant fruit trees in theirs.”

Jason snorted and said, “Why must I be the same with them. Hmph, I actually like planting fruit trees.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t comment anything more. Jason was really a different type of person much to his liking. Zhao Hai turned to Jason and said, “Right, is your father inside the fort? I want to pay my respects.”

Jason looked at the time and said, “At this time, father and grandfather should be in the study handling official business. Alright, let’s go see

let’s go see them right now. While we head there, I’ll have someone prepare us some dishes. We’ll drink after we come back.” The he stood up and led Zhao Hai to leave the courtyard as they walked towards the main hall.

After they left Jason’s courtyard, they walked through the middle of the fort and before long, they arrived at the main area. This main area had the same function as the Calci Family’s main area. It was used for official work and not for anyone’s residence. Therefore, Jason’s father and grandfather should be here at this time, working.

When they arrived at the main area’s living room, Jason had Zhao Hai sit down before he turned his head towards a servant who served them tea and said, “Go inform father and grandfather that Zhao Hai, the Patriarch of the Buda Family has come to visit.” The servant issued a bow and then left.

Zhao Hai looked at Jason and smiled, “Your father and grandfather should be quite busy. Why are you so carefree? Do you not manage any affairs of the family?”

Jason smiled and said, “I’ve left it to my steward. Currently, I’m learning from father and grandfather. But since God’s Grace Day is arriving, the two of them had been very busy, they simply didn’t have the time to teach me, thus, explaining my free time.”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “I’m envious that you can be this relaxed. Not like me, who needed to depend on myself. With how tired I am, I’m no better than a deceased person.”

Jason gave Zhao Hai a look and said, “You have less worries, nobody monitors you. Unlike me, father and grandfather always watches over me, I actually have little freedom.”

Zhao Hai smiled and didn’t say anything. Jason was just like him when he was back on earth. He always complained that he was always watched and was not free at all. But he hasn’t thought that this constant watch was also a blessing. If nobody watched over him, he would certainly suffer some hardships.

But Zhao Hai also knew that even if he told this to Jason it will certainly pass through deaf ears. These types of people wouldn’t believe you no matter how many times you tell them. They needed to see it themselves before they agree.





* * *


  












Chapter 467 – Having Such a Friend is a Blessing

Seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t respond, Jason didn’t care. He kept busily talking and drinking tea with Zhao Hai. At this time, sounds of footsteps can be heard from the living room. Before long, people appeared from the living room’s door.

Zhao Hai and Jason immediately stood up. Zhao Hai looked at the newcomers, the one at the lead was an old person, he looked quite old but his face was still healthy and full of life. He wore a very gorgeous noble clothing. Although the old man’s posture wasn’t that straight, his temperament along with his clothes made one unable to underestimate him.

Along with the old man was a middle aged man. The man looked much like Jason, but his face was serious and he also had clear eyes. He seemed like an astute person. At the back of the two was the servant who went to inform them.

Jason hastily bowed to the old man and the man, “Grandfather, Father, this is the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, Zhao Hai. Little Hai, this is my Grandfather, this is my Father.”

Zhao Hai immediately gave a bow and said, “Zhao Hai has met Grandfather and Uncle.”

Jason’s Grandfather and Father sized Zhao Hai up before Jason’s Grandfather smiled and said, “Good, little Jason doesn’t have any friends. You should come here often.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I will certainly visit if I have time. But I’m going everywhere all year round, I don’t have that much free time. I was only able to come this time because Megan asked me to visit the Capital. After this, I won’t be here most of the time. But Grandfather and Father can rest assured, I will be Jason’s friend forever.”

Jason’s Grandfather nodded, “Alright, I feel relieved by your words. But Little Hai, I’m just a bit curious, Little Jason talks very frankly, making people of the Rosen Empire quite uncomfortable. How did you become friends with him instead? Can you bear his mouth?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I just like talking with him, I don’t see anything wrong with Jason. Although he has a frank attitude, saying everything he thinks about, he is a good person, a good friend. There aren’t a lot of people that can handle the truth in these times.”

Jason’s Grandfather stared, if those words were said by someone with the same age as him, then it wouldn’t have been strange. But the one who said it was actually the same age as Jason. One cannot just have those kinds of thoughts at that age.

Jason’s Father haven’t said anything since coming in the living room. He was just observing Zhao Hai, when Zhao Hai said those words, he couldn’t help but stare at the young man.

Jason’s Grandfather nodded, “Right,





nicely said, it’s good that you became friends with Jason. Don’t go home at noon, let’s go drink together.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, I’ll go drink with Grandfather and Uncle later. Right, little nephew bought some gifts. I’ll take them out outside so you can have a servant take them away.” Then he went towards the door and released the seafood that he prepared for the Crook Family.

Seafood were rare in the continent, but for a Great Noble Clan like the Crook Family, those things aren’t foreign. However, the seafood that Zhao Hai took out are much better in quality compared to the ones they have consumed before.

After he took out his gift, Zhao Hai turned to Jason and said, “Jason, make someone take these away. I have no other good stuff to give, I can only give these seafood to your family.”

Jason laughed and said, “Good, good, these are quite delicious, you really do have the best things on hand. Hahaha.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Don’t waste anymore time, go get these to the kitchen immediately. Right, I’ve also brought some nice liquor.” Then he also retrieved a several big leather bags, all filled with Milk Wine.

Seeing Zhao Hai and Jason chatting and laughing, Jason’s grandfather said, “Little Jason finally found himself a good friend. He even brought some gifts.”

Jason’s father nodded, “I actually didn’t think that Little Jason would have a friend given that he has that foul mouth of his. I’ve been worried for this boy.”

Jason’s Grandfather smiled, “This Zhao Hai child is very good, hahaha. Not many people can handle the truth. Good, good.”

Then Jason’s grandfather continued, “I’ve doubted Little Hai before. But now that I see him, he seemed like a good man. To make such a friend, Little Jason is surely blessed in his life.”

Jason’s father nodded and sighed, “A good friend is quite a hard to come by. Especially for someone of our status, Jason’s luck is really good.”

At this time, servants came and carried Zhao Hai’s gifts towards the storehouse. Zhao Hai and Jason returned to the living room along with Jason’s grandfather and father, the two looking at Zhao Hai with gentle gazes.

Jason’s grandfather looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, think of this place like your house. If you want to come, just come, you don’t need to be polite.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Certainly, Grandfather can rest assured.”

Then Jason’s grandfather stood up and said, “Alright, you young men go play around. Also, remember to not drink too much, you still need to accompany me later at noon. If you don’t, I will be all alone later.”

Zhao Hai nodded with a smile. Looking at the two men leaving, Jason turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Let’g head to my courtyard. I have a few snacks





snacks there. Let’s go have some cups, we don’t need to drink much anyway.”

After pouring two cups of liquor, Jason looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, do you consider yesterday’s matter finished? Don’t you want to deal with Terry and the Crown Prince?”

Zhao Hai smiled at Jason and said, “What? You want to help me? Can you do it? You know the Crook Family’s standing, it wouldn’t be good if you involve yourself in this matter. Don’t act carelessly.”

Jason snorted and said, “I become angry everytime I think about what happened last night. Not only did they plot against you, they somewhat included me as well. That thought really makes me angry.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, I’m not the type of person that would suffer a loss without fighting back.”

When Jason heard Zhao Hai, his eyes couldn’t help but light up as he said, “Really? Do you really intend to deal with them? What are you planning to do?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and replied, “I didn’t expect that you would have such enmity with them. I don’t have a solid plan right now, but rest assured, I certainly won’t make them live their lives peacefully. But we must wait for a good time to start.”

Jason nodded and said, “Alright, but you must consider me. If you need my help, don’t hesitate to tell me. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being impolite.”

Zhao Hai asked Jason, “Why are you so anxious? Let’s be clear, if you really want in on my plans, do you really think that your family will agree? This action would also be seen as joining the battle for succession. Even if you represent yourself, you still have your family behind you. If you really want to join, you need to ask your father and grandfather first.”

Jason sighed and lifted his glass of wine and took a sip. He turned to Zhao Hai, “You really are in a better position. Whatever you do, nobody would restrict you. You have more freedom.”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “While I may be free, I rarely have time to relax. I have to consider my family in all of my actions, I always worry about them wherever I go. Since nobody still has any idea of our location, I can freely act against anyone I want. But if they do find out, I will have more troubles coming my way. Moreover, I also don’t want to implicate the Calci Family in my matters. Megan is already engaged to me, I don’t want to be unfair to her. If I manage to bring trouble to the Calci Family, I will certainly feel sorry.”

Jason looked at Zhao Hai, then he suddenly smiled and said, “Now that you say it, you really are quite good. To





good. To be honest, I saw how Princess Lizzy looked at you last night. What would you do if she wants to marry you?”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “Don’t talk nonsense, why would she want to marry me? As you can see, I’m only a count, and not even a count of the Rosen Empire. You think Princess Lizzy would marry me? Don’t joke around.”

Jason smiled and said, “That may be possible. Megan’s status isn’t that low compared to Princess Lizzy, yet she became engaged to you. You must be more confident in yourself.”

Zhao Hai ridiculed him, “Get lost. Why would I not have confidence in myself. If Princess Lizzy indeed wanted to marry me, then would His Highness the Emperor agree? A princess getting snatched by a man with several women, in the eyes of the Emperor, this would certainly look bad.”

Jason nodded, “Indeed, even if Princess Lizzy is willing, his majesty surely wouldn’t agree. Princess Lizzy is his most loved daughter, and her well being is related to the Royal Clan’s face.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s fine if I don’t wed Princess Lizzy. After all, I already have three fiance’s. Meg grew up with me, her grandfather is Spirit Wind Green, someone who I treat like a real grandfather. Moreover, they are also very loyal to my Buda Clan. Without Grandpa Green, I wouldn’t be able to survive to this day. Laura, for the sake of me, sacrificed her years of work and even fell out with her Markey Family. Megan doesn’t care about my low family background, she was determined to marry me. Having three such fiance’s already made me satisfied.”

Jason looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Your luck is indeed really good. You also have good luck with females, being able to find such good women. I really envy you to death.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t talk back. He agreed with Jason, for him to obtain the approval of Laura and the others was certainly his good luck.

Because they needed to drink with Jason’s grandfather at noon, the two didn’t drink too much liquor. They only drank a small cup as well as eating a few snacks before taking a rest.

At lunchtime, the place was very lively. Jason’s grandfather not only invited the well-known members of the family, they also introduced each one of them to Zhao Hai. This gave Zhao Hai a big sense of respect for the family.

However, in such an occasion, it was impossible for one to both drink and eat too much. Almost everyone was there to chat, and pretend to be polite. Such occasions weren’t to the liking of Jason and Zhao Hai. But since this event was made for Zhao Hai, the two of them couldn’t just escape midway. They could only stay here,

only stay here, this made Zhao Hai quite impatient.

After having lunch, Zhao Hai chatted with Jason for quite a while before saying his goodbyes. Jason escorted Zhao Hai outside the fort and waved him farewell.

When Zhao Hai returned to Dark Soldier Fort, the skies were already turning dark. Upon returning to his courtyard, he immediately told Laura and the others about what happened back at Jason’s family. The group talked until the skies turned completely black.

There were a lot of cards that came, inviting Zhao Hai to various banquets. But since Zhao Hai found them quite bothersome, he didn’t participate in any of them.

The next day was the Day of Rare Purity, although people still send some gifts, most of them were fully preparing for tomorrow’s God’s Grace Day. At this time, nobody attended any banquets. Also, it was the Imperial Banquet tomorrow, no noble family held any banquets in these two days.

On this day, the entire Dark Soldier Fort was also very busy. Everyone was preparing for tomorrow. For a Great Clan like the Calci Family, they were very particular in performing the festival and following tradition. Everybody received an itinerary about what to do tomorrow. This was to prevent anyone from being out of the loop.

When Zhao Hai’s group received their itinerary, they couldn’t help but gasp. The day was indeed quite strict. Upon waking up, they would have a particular time to eat their meals before they need to wear appropriate clothing and then proceed to worshipping the ancestors. What to wear as well as to which ancestor they would go first was clearly written. It was as though the family was afraid that anyone might make a mistake.

For a Clan like the Calci Family, worshipping the ancestors was a grand matter. If a mistake was made in worshipping the ancestors, that person would receive huge fines and have their status in the family affected.

Although Zhao Hai wasn’t a person of the Calci Family, he was still placed under Smith’s umbrella. If he makes a mistake, Smith would be penalized. Therefore, Zhao Hai had no choice but to prepare well for tomorrow.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also made Cai’er monitor the entirety of Dark Soldier Fort. If somebody was thinking of causing trouble with him, he made sure that Cai’er would report to him. He was really afraid that Juwan and Third Grandfather might bring him trouble when he goes to worship the ancestor.

Fortunately, Juwan and Third Grandfather also placed great importance to the ceremony. They don’t wish to smear the faces of the ancestors, it would not only be unfair to the ancestors, it might also bring the family bad luck for the following year. Because of this, they didn’t make any plans against Zhao Hai. This made Zhao Hai very relieved.





* * *


  












Chapter 468 – Goodbye To Yesterday, Hello To A Better Tomorrow

Zhao Hai’s mind was now somewhat confused about the people of the Ark Continent. These people act like westerners on Earth, however, they perform oriental traditions such as worshipping the ancestors.

Worshipping the ancestors is an integral part in Eastern Culture. This was because in the East, they believed that after death, their family member’s souls will remain and guard the family. Because of this, those who are still alive give their respects to the ancestors, asking them to continue protecting the family.

To be honest, people already knew that it was impossible for their ancestors to protect their families. If one turned into a soul, they would have no means of protecting their loved ones. These thoughts aren’t only present within Great Clans, even the Imperial Clans think of this. Therefore, recently this thought of protection slowly faded away.

However, worshipping the ancestors still survived to this day. This was done in order to commemorate one’s ancestor, telling them of all the achievements that you’ve done. It wasn’t done in order to request for protection anymore.

For a Great Clan like the Calci Family, this wasn’t the only thing that made this event significant. Worshipping the ancestors also brings a type of cohesion among the family. This will help the Family prosper in the future.

The entire ceremony was prepared in a strict manner, there shouldn’t be any mistakes, everything needs to be perfect. Zhao Hai went along with Smith during the event.

The way the Ark Continent worshipped their ancestors was a little different from China. Chinese tradition generally forbade women from attending the ceremony. But in Ark Continent, there wasn’t such a rule. The event took up half a day before everything was over.

In the evening, Randolph led Peter and the others to attend the Imperial Banquet. To be honest, Nobles during God’s Grace Day were usually bored. Aside from attending their family banquets, they would also drink and chat with their family members. The atmosphere was not very good as well, which made Zhao Hai dislike the scene.

After attending the family banquet that the Calci Family has held, Zhao Hai immediately led Laura and the others back to Iron Mountain Fort. Compared to the Calci Family,





Iron Mountain Fort was Zhao Hai’s genuine family. Therefore, he must attend the fort’s evening banquet.

At this time, the banquet in Iron Mountain Fort still hasn’t started. Green and the others were waiting for Zhao Hai. They were currently inside the fort’s main square. The square was filled with bonfires. Suspended on the side of them were Argalis and Raging Bulls. There were also Blue-Eyed Rabbits everywhere.

Additionally, there was also an entire Blade-Scale Whale on the side along with the other seafood. Once could say that Green really took out all the good things that they had.

Beside each bonfire were big wooden barrels. One could smell the sweet smell of Milk Wine from the barrels. No matter Beastman nor Human, all of them wore new clothes while gathering around the bonfires. Nobody touched the food as well as the liquor, all of them were waiting for Zhao Hai.

When Zhao Hai came out of the Space and saw this situation, his heart couldn’t help but turn warm. Laura and the others were also touched. When Zhao Hai scanned the square, he saw some people missing. So he immediately teleported to Jade Water City and retrieved Mu’en’s family and brought them back to the fort. At this point, as long as the place was mapped on the monitor, Zhao Hai can immediately go there, making teleportation much much easier.

When Zhao Hai got Mu’en, Green immediately had the people place the animals on the bonfire. He also had the Blade Scale Whale processed.

Dealing with the Blade Scale Whale took a lot of thought. The scales of the whale were taken off, these scales can be used later to store water. They were sharp and sturdy as well.

Green already made a few cuts on the body of the fish, he placed seasonings all over them after having its internal organs removed. Burning stones were placed inside the body of the whale. Because of the size of the fish, one could enter its mouth in order to take the stones and reheat them on the bonfires outside. In this way, the whale would be evenly cooked. Before long, the whale was roasted and was ready for eating.

As for the argali and raging bulls, they didn’t need to think much about





about them. These animals were a staple food for the Beastmen. Because of this, cooking them became quite easy.

Shortly after, the entire square of Iron Mountain Fort was filled with the aromatic fragrance of roasted meat. When the meats were ready to be eaten, Merine also had the food they cooked themselves taken out and shared them with everyone.

This was also the proposition of Zhao Hai. He knew that the situation of the Buda Clan was different from the others. Other families have servants to handle these types of things while the Buda Clan didn’t. To not turn this evening into a barbecue party, Zhao Hai requested Merine to have people help make 1 or 2 additional dishes that they were adept in cooking. When everyone eats on the eve of God’s Grace Day, these dishes would be taken out and shared to everyone. They didn’t need to worry about the ingredients of their dishes, Zhao Hai already had everything covered.

Merine didn’t want to bother the others about this matter. But she didn’t expect them to be excited when she told them about it. Merine didn’t even need to cook anything. The people returned to their homes and prepared their best recipes to have everyone taste it.

One couldn’t blame these people for their excitement. The initial 100 slaves that they bought in the beginning were no longer slaves. They already settled down and had their own homes in their own land. Everyone’s days were flourishing, and it was also the first time that they would experience God’s Grace Day since they weren’t able to do so before. So it was natural that they would be overly excited. They wanted to return the favor to the Buda Clan in some manner, and this time’s task of cooking food was a great opportunity, so they immediately agreed.

Beastmen were experts on all kinds of meat dishes while the human slaves were experts in vegetables. This made Zhao Hai speechless for a while. However, this was good, it was God’s Grace Day, and everyone was going to be happy in eating their food.

Seeing that everything was already prepared, Green slowly walked to the middle of the square and watched the crowd before talking loudly, “Everyone, please calm down!”

Green’s words were





words were very effective. The square immediately quieted down, even the children were looking at Green, they didn’t make any noise nor did they move around randomly.

Iron Mountain Fort has always been under Green’s management. For those slaves, Green was like their leader, it was natural that they would listen to his order. To them, Zhao Hai was a god-like existence, he awed them everytime they see him.

Seeing that the square has become peaceful, Green said, “Everybody, one year ago, we arrived here at Iron Mountain Fort. At that time, the fort was an old worn out castle. It didn’t have anything, we were desperately clinging for our lives. One passed by in a blink of an eye, in the past year, we have created a lot using our two hands. We have managed to change our lives, we turned heaven and earth upside down. But everything was given to us by one person, do you know who that person is?”

In almost the same time, everybody said, “The Young Master!” Zhao Hai had his people call him Young Master. Because of this, the people yelled out ‘Young Master’. They didn’t call Zhao Hai by his name nor did they call him Patriarch. For them, ‘Young Master’ was Zhao Hai’s special title.

Green nodded and said, “Right, today is God’s Grace Day. I know that this is the first time for many of you. I ask the Young Master to give us a few words.” Then he slowly drew back.

Zhao Hai didn’t expect that Green would make him say a few words. But this place is his domain, he didn’t back down. He smiled and stood up before walking to the middle of the square. Before he started to speak, the crowd gave him an applause.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said, “One year ago, you all have different identities, now you are all the people of the Buda Clan. I promised a year ago that you will be able to eat meat every single day, and I managed to fulfill it. However, I didn’t do this alone, you’ve all used your own hands and worked hard every single day in order to achieve this. In behalf of the Buda Clan, this Zhao Hai will express his gratitude.” Then

his gratitude.” Then he bowed towards the crowd.

This move from Zhao Hai scared them. No matter if they were a Beastman or a Human, all of them started to kneel. Several elderly beastmen even said loudly, “Young Master, you should get up quickly. You don’t owe us anything. Without you, we would never reach this day. You are our great benefactor, as well as the benefactor for our succeeding generations.”

At this time, Zhao Hai returned to standing straight. When he looked at the people kneeling down, he smiled and said, “Everyone get up! This is a special day, you don’t need to kneel. Quickly get up.”

Then the crowd stood up. Zhao Hai looked into their eyes and said, “This year, the Buda Clan has been reborn, I’ve been reborn as well, and so are all of you. This day marks a significant moment in our lives. We shall celebrate a new holiday today, which would be the Festival Of Rebirth. Everyone, raise you glasses of wine. Let’s drink together, let’s say goodbye to yesterday and say hello to a good tomorrow! Drink!”

The crowd followed his instructions and raised their glasses before drinking together with Zhao Hai. The wine tasted especially good. Just like Zhao Hai said, this glass of wine was a farewell to the yesterday as well as a welcome to the new tomorrow. When the liquid warmed their stomachs, the people’s eyes couldn’t help but moisten.

They were different from Laura and the others. When Laura and the others were growing up, they didn’t need to worry about food and clothing. As for meat, they didn’t even need to think about them. Everyday, they get to eat good food, for them, meat was no big deal.

However, to these slaves, having clothes to put on as well as having meat to eat was akin to living in Heaven. They didn’t expect that they would actually experience such a thing.

Some of these slaves were sons and daughters of slaves. They knew that their fathers and mothers, even their grandfathers and grandmothers might not have eaten meat their entire lives, maybe they were even unable to drink liquor. This was a dream for all of them, they didn’t think that this dream would actually come true.





* * *


  












Chapter 469 – Alibi

Laura and the others looked at Zhao Hai with infatuated gazes. They felt that this Zhao Hai who was standing in the middle of the square was most attractive. Zhao Hai was so dazzling at this moment. Even if he didn’t have a very outstanding appearance, his charm was in a different aspect.

Laura and the others didn’t settle on Zhao Hai because of his appearance, there were people who courted them that were much more handsome than Zhao Hai. What they saw Zhao Hai was his unique temperament, this attitude somewhat attracted them.

Zhao Hai temperament was different from those who live in the Ark Continent. There was an inseparable relationship between a person’s temperament and the place where they were living in. People who lived in the slums for many generations simply cannot have the same temperament as the nobles. Zhao Hai’s difference certainly stemmed from the fact that he was from Earth. Earth didn’t have Magic and Battle Qi, instead, scientific and technological developments was present there. His concept of society was also from Earth. This made Zhao Hai have a different mindset than those from the continent. This made him unique, which gave him a certain kind of charm.

In Ark Continent, one who had the closest type to Zhao Hai’s temperament was Jason. But this temperament was only acquired because of Jason’s rebellious tendencies, not really a mindset that a person from Earth would have. Even still, with his temperament, Jason was seen as an oddity in Rosen Empire, not to mention Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai’s temperament was different from that of Jason. Zhao Hai’s temper was relatively mild, he also worked hard in order to adapt to everything in Ark Continent. He also had Adam’s memory within him, equivalent to him being half a native of the continent. These two different personalities fused together to become what he is today.

The entire population of Iron Mountain Fort has gotten drunk this evening. Both men and women were drunk. The expressions of these people were varied, some were laughing while standing, some were sitting and smiling, while others were crying.

Zhao Hai, along with Green and the others were sitting on one side. They had





not become drunk. They looked at the drunken beastmen and slaves and couldn’t help but feel bad. There was no need to say that compared to their present life, their previous life was a living hell. It was no different to these beastmen, they were only a small tribe, and were easily exploited. During winter, they would suffer extremely, some wouldn’t even survive till the next season.

Zhao Hai provided them with a different life, enabling them to laugh like they did today, weep bitterly like they did today, eat meat like they did today, and drink wine like they did today. In their minds, all of these were given by Zhao Hai. All of them were very grateful to Zhao Hai.

In Zhao Hai’s heart, he felt that he held a huge responsibility over them. All of them were people of the Buda Clan. He had the obligation to make these people’s lives better. This was a mission he set for himself.

Laura and the others were very emotional as well when they saw these slaves crying and laughing. They felt choked up in their hearts. Megan was very tearful, she looked at the people present with a gaze of warmth.

After all of the people were asleep, Zhao Hai let out some undead to bring them to their residences. At the same time, he also had the undead clean the square.

Seeing the square being cleaned, it was only then that Zhao Hai realized how these guys can really eat. Not only was the huge blade-scaled whale eaten, all of the dishes were also cleaned up. Even the argali and bulls weren’t saved. This made Zhao Hai very surprised, these guys can really eat.

After making the undead continue on with their cleaning, Zhao Hai returned to the fort’s living room and sat down. After the group settled in, Zhao Hai said two matters to Green; One was about Terry’s enmity with him while the other one was his intention to retaliate against Terry’s family.

After listening to Zhao Hai’s words, Green didn’t respond immediately, after a while, he nodded and said, “Young Master, how are you planning to deal with the Robert Family? Do you want to eliminate them?”

Zhao Hai shook his





his head and said, “No, no. If I were to directly exterminate them, I would certainly alert the entirety of the Rosen Empire. Such development would be detrimental to our future actions. I simply cannot do that. Over the years, the Robert Family has amassed a few enemies. All we need is to cripple them, their enemies will finish the job. Even if they were to recover, they won’t be going to live well.”

Kun nodded and said, “This method is good. Cripple them and have their enemies see their situation. In the face of the Robert Family’s resources, those people would surely burn with greed. We don’t need to do anything at all, someone else would clean the family up for us. But Little Hai, you need to be swift. If you are dealing with a Great Clan like the Robert Family, even a crippled one can still bring you trouble.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I know that. This is why I didn’t make a move immediately. At this time, I had a hawk map out the entire Rosen Empire. As long as I have the entire empire mapped, I can then begin my move. In one evening, I plan to destroy every shop that the Robert family has, save for the one inside Carson City.”

The Space’s ability has since been upgraded. So Kun and the others’ trust in Zhao Hai was well founded. What Zhao Hai said didn’t surprise them, they knew that this matter can easily be accomplished.

After quite some time, Green nodded and said, “It’s feasible. It’s the God’s Grace Day season, nobody would suspect that anyone would make such a bold move this time. We will certainly be able to do it.”

Kun also nodded and said, “But it’s best if we do our moves secretly, we shouldn’t let anybody know that we did it. If they knew, we would be similarly marked. We must let them know that we have an enmity with the Robert Family while making them feel that we aren’t overwhelmingly strong. Right, Little Hai, during the day of the operation you should have other people along with you. Spend time with them, make them think that you had no hand in





hand in this.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he knew that the Buda Clan’s identity was quite rocky at this moment. If they were to make other people vigilant, they wouldn’t have much freedom in the future.

Kun’s proposition was quite good. Killing the people of the Robert Family and destroying their shops without letting anybody know who did it. Even if they suspect Zhao Hai, he would have an alibi by that time. People would feel fear and suspicion, but they wouldn’t associate the Buda Clan as being a huge threat. They would only dread the Clan a little bit, which was what the clan needed right now.

Green looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, after God’s Grace day, I’m afraid that you would have to head to the Prairie. Your matters in the Prairie has not yet been completely taken care of. Although the Herculean Bulls have defeated the Fighting Bulls, their status inside the Cow-headed race is still threatened. In order for us to have a good relationship with the Prairie in the future, you need to help secure the Herculean Bull’s position.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Rest assured, I’ve also thought about trading with the sea dwellers this time. But I think I need to set a specific time for our transactions in the future, it may be once a month or several times in a year. After all, we can’t always go and do business with the merfolk. If we do so, sooner or later people would pay attention.”

Green nodded and said,” Young Master, how about taking a look at the Elven and Dwarven races? When do you plan to look for them? They also have a lot of special animals and plants. Their collections should be good for upgrading the Space.”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and then sighed, “I’m afraid I would have to move that to a later time, I have a lot of matters to take care of in the following days. We must first take a firm root in the continent, making its residents accept our Buda Clan. Only then can we think about extra matters.”

Green nodded, “Alright, let’s wait. The Space’s current strength is very good anyway. We don’t need to worry upgrading it

worry upgrading it at this time.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “I really don’t want to wait because when the Space reached level 50, it might be able to plant high level plants, making your progress to 9th rank much easier. But now it looks like we don’t have any other choice but to wait.”

Green laughed and said, “No need to worry about that. We old people wouldn’t die tomorrow, there’s no need to be anxious. Take your time, I’m already satisfied with our clan’s current state. Young Master doesn’t need to take this matter to heart.”

Zhao Hai nodded, it seems like it can only be like this. He had already looked up the materials that the Processing Machine would need in making a potion for 9th rank promotion. Not only did the ingredients contain plants, there were also some animal blood, bones and all other things. Naturally, these beasts’ levels were also quite high.

Also, from the Space’s current level, Zhao Hai cannot make that potion right now. Zhao Hai also looked into the products in the Space’s store. He could see how high the levels of the plants and beasts could get. The highest level was surprisingly level 100, both for beasts and plants. This made Zhao Hai think of working hard to upgrade the Space.

After the group chatted for a while, Zhao Hai turned to leave. He was now living in Dark Soldier Fort after all. Even if they don’t live in the courtyard there, they still need to stay in the Space. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to respond should something happen inside the fort.

Laura and the others also returned to their rooms. They had been very tired the entire day. Just from the ancestor worshipping ceremony, the girls were already quite exhausted. Although Laura and Meg cannot attend the ceremony, they also need to wait at the side until the ceremony ends, otherwise they would be seen as disrespectful.

And then they also went to the celebration in Iron Mountain fort. Even if they were happy, they were also quite tired out from all the celebrations inside. At the end of the day, they could even swear that their bones ached as well.





* * *


  












Chapter 470 – Three-Dimensional Map

Early next morning, Zhao Hai and the others went out of the Space. After a good evening’s rest, all of their exhaustion has vanished. All of them were now very full of energy.

Upon coming out of the Space, Zhao Hai breathed the chilly air outside. Suddenly, he had the urge to smile, this was because he felt that Ark Continent’s God’s Grace Day is pretty much like the Chinese New Year. It’s a celebration that celebrates the past year as well as the fortunes of the upcoming year.

He had experienced a lot of things in this one year. But to be honest, when Zhao Hai thought about all he has done in this past year, all of it seemed to be like a dream. He still couldn’t fathom how he turned from an unemployed nerd to a noble youth of a falling noble clan. How did he turn from being unable to kill a chicken to someone who can kill a thousand people without even batting an eye? How did he turn from someone who blushes just from being looked at by a woman to a man with three fiance’s. All of these felt pretty much like a dream, but this dream was indeed true.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai who was just standing there. She walked over and gently told him, “What are you thinking about? It’s very cold outside, you should go indoors.”

Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s charming face. This kind of face would never interact with him back on earth. They were like heaven and earth. But in Ark Continent, he actually had a girl as a fiance’.

Seeing Zhao Hai staring at her, Laura’s face couldn’t help but turn red, her heartbeat going faster. But she still looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “What are you looking at?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I see a beautiful woman. For a beautiful woman to be with someone like me surely gives me a lot pressure.”

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and then turned to look behind her. There, she saw Nier chuckling while covering her mouth. Laura’s face couldn’t help but get redder, but her heart was actually touched. However, she still looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Talk fewer nonsense, people might treat you as a joke. Come inside quickly.”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and then entered the room. They got up earlier today, the Calci Family slept quite late last night, therefore, Smith might possibly wake up late. Because of this, he had no way of inviting Zhao Hai to breakfast.

Just as Zhao Hai entered the room, Meg came in carrying milk. Drinking milk upon waking up each morning had become Zhao Hai and the others’ routine. However, Zhao Hai didn’t really like drinking milk, what he liked was soybean milk. But making soybean milk is very tedious, and there wasn’t any machine present to process soybeans.





Grinding them manually would take a lot of time so Zhao Hai didn’t bother.

Additionally, this milk was made by the cows that they raised, so there aren’t any synthetic components within in them. Therefore, Zhao Hai can drink them without any worries no matter how much milk he drank.[1]

Zhao Hai was now used to drinking milk along with everyone. Not only his group, every person in Iron Mountain Fort drank milk everyday. Zhao Hai hoped that his people would develop strong bodies.

After drinking the milk, Zhao Hai looked at the weather and then turned his head to Megan and smiled, “It seems like uncle wouldn’t be able to get up early today. Right, these days I’ll have to ask your family to mark the businesses of the Robert family on the map. After a few more days, we shall act against them.”

Megan nodded and said, “Alright, but it might take quite some time. A millennium-old family like the Robert Family has hidden businesses. Businesses who didn’t bear the banner of the Robert Family. We must include these in order to deal an actual blow to the Robert Family. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be hurting their core.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, we must find them as well. We shall deal with them from the bottom then we go to the top. We cannot just face them head on, or else they would retaliate.”

Megan nodded, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, I’m afraid that there will be more banquets happening in the capital. Will you participate in any of them?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ll leave this matter to you, you know much more about the nobles in Carson City. You go receive the invitations and tell me which one is good to join, I’ll be going to those ones.”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and then she faintly smiled, “Right, when will you bring me to the Prairie? I would also like to see Brother Wales.”

Zhao Hai looked at the skies and said, “Soon, the Prairie is much colder than here. You’ve been used to staying here so you might get sick if we go there this time. Right, you must practice well so that you’ll reach 8th rank. When we go to the Prairie, I will have Brother Wales deliver those 100 thousand slaves, I’ll have them go to Iron Mountain Fort.”

Megan also knew about this, but she wasn’t expecting the Beastmen to give 100 thousand slaves, which was something impossible for a Human. This made Megan want to go to the Prairie even more.

When she heard Zhao Hai, Megan nodded and said, “Alright, rest assured, I will certainly practice hard and reach 8th rank soon. When that time comes, you can bring me to the Prairie.”

Seeing Megan, Laura cannot help but smile and said, “Why do you want to go to the Prairie that much? There’s nothing to





to see there, it’s much better to play in the Space than the Prairie. It isn’t as beautiful as one can imagine, winds are ever present there, the sunburns doesn’t help either.”

Megan smiled and said, “Even so, I still want to see it. I haven’t gone to the Prairie yet.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, let’s wait until you finish cultivating then I will certainly lead you to the Prairie.” At this time, a servant came, asking Zhao Hai to eat.


In the next days, Zhao Hai lightly attended the banquets. Those banquets that Zhao Hai visited were all taken care of by the Calci Family. Only in the Crook Family banquet did Zhao Hai go personally.

There was no other way to do this. Zhao Hai’s fame wasn’t the same as the Calci Family. When they send invitations, they would send the cards to the Calci Family. But for these banquets, it was quite rare for two people to attend. Because of this, everytime Zhao Hai brings Megan along, people would feel envious in their hearts.

Zhao Hai didn’t only attend the banquets outside, he also attended the one that the Calci Family hosted. Great Nobles hosting banquets this time of the year was quite a common practice. It was quite normal to have multiple banquets in one evening. Families could also choose to attend all of them, separating their members in order to attend the banquets.

Aside from attending banquets, Zhao Hai was also waiting. Megan and Smith had been working hard in marking the Robert Family stores for Zhao Hai. At the same time, Zhao Hai also marked everything in the Space monitor’s map.

Also, the Blood Hawk has also finished mapping the entirety of the Rosen Empire after five days of flying around. It was because of this that Zhao Hai was able to mark the Robert Family businesses. Zhao Hai took his time, he wanted to make the Robert Family suffer as much as possible.

After completing everything, Zhao Hai started to prepare, he had Cai’er look into these shops and investigate who were inside of them, and if ever they had some experts inside.

Cai’er’s work was very quick. In two days, all of the manpower of the Robert Family had been accounted for and were reported to Zhao Hai.

Looking at the numbers, Zhao Hai finally discovered how formidable millenium-old families were. Apart from the Robert Family’s shop in Carson City, their shops in both large and small cities reached more than 1300 shops altogether. Of these shops, 630 publicly waved the banner of the Robert Family while 700 weren’t. Even if it looked like small Nobles were managing these shops, they were actually owned by the Robert Family.

Most importantly, on 1000 of these shops, there was at least one 8th rank expert. Some major shops not only have 8th rank experts, there were also 7th and 6th rank experts present. All in all, there





all, there were more than 2,000 8th rank experts in all 1300 stores. This number really surprised Zhao Hai.

In the past, the Buda Clan only had Green and Merine as their 8th rank expert. Even so, the Clan was able to be popular in Aksu Empire. But the Robert Family actually had 2000 8th ranks on their various shops outside of the capital. This difference in strength was too great.

Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t know, but the reason why the Buda Clan was able to be popular was because they had the good graces of the Old Monarch. It wasn’t the Buda Clan that the people showed respect to, but the Old King.

As long as nobles settle inside major Empires, they surely need to have a 9th rank expert in them. If they don’t, then they won’t be able to survive. If you don’t have any 9th rank experts, then you would need to attach yourself to those big Nobles. Your clan would then be regarded as a vassal to that Noble family.

After Zhao Hai took these into account, he was quite surprised to discover that there were a lot more human 9th ranks than those present inside the Carrion Swamp. Even if 9th rank Magic Beasts are much stronger than Human experts, they still cannot defeat the collective might of the Human Race. It was only because of Cai’er’s presence in the swamp as well as the poison mist inside did the Magic Beasts have the chance to hold the Humans off all this time. Because of this, the Human 9th ranks made an agreement with the 9th rank Magic Beasts.

When he found out the strength of these old clans, Zhao Hai’s buried his pride deep inside. Now, he was thinking about the strength of the Radiant Church.

The Calci Family and the Robert Family were both millenium-old clans. As such, the Calci Family’s strength shouldn’t be that much weaker than the Robert Family. But even if so, they were still suppressed by the Radiant Church. This fact surely cemented the idea that the Radiant Church was much more formidable than these old noble families. This made Zhao Hai even more cautious in his actions.

But Zhao Hai didn’t think too much into it, the Magic Beasts of the Carrion Swamp aren’t very easy to deal with either. In addition to their environment, their physiques were much better than the Human experts. In addition, the human 9th ranks were all separated into many families. It would be very difficult to unite all of them. If they can really unite, they would still have to conquer the Carrion Swamp.

Just when Zhao Hai was waiting for the opportune moment to attack, the chance suddenly came when Zhao Hai was sitting on the living room, looking at the monitor. The projection on the monitor wasn’t an ordinary map. This map was three-dimensional, just like those maps that sci-fi movies back

sci-fi movies back on Earth have. With a wave of his hand, Zhao Hai can enlarge or shrink the projection. This was something that Cai’er had told him, it was a new ability of the Space.

Showed on the map was a holographic projection of the Rosen Empire. There were a lot of dots showed on several parts of the map. These dots were all Zhao Hai’s targets, the shops of the Robert Family as well as the locations of those small nobles. These nobles were the vassals of the Robert Family. At this point, Zhao Hai was still undecided about whether he would also erase these small noble families.

Laura and the others were also with Zhao Hai, looking at the three-dimensional projection. Even if they had already seen this in the past few days, they were still very amazed everytime they see it. There are really a lot of surprises in the Space, such as this map.

The way the Ark Continent does it sbattles is very primitive. They hardly had complex things such as the Art of War. They generally have three avenues in battles, scouting and assassinations by the assassins, long distance warfare using magical cannons and ballistas, and lastly, large scale infantry battles. Everything depended on raw strength.

Because of this, the armies don’t have the need to have sand tables. In a war, a flat map was enough to handle command. Sand table discussions and battle plans were rarely done. Moreover, there was a miniscule amount of staff officers in each army, most of them were all military officers.

With rarity of sand tables, it was no surprise that Laura and the others would be surprised about the three dimensional map. This was because they simply didn’t have any idea about this three-dimensional map.

At this time, Megan came in from the outside. Megan was going to her father every day now. First reason was because of the matter about the shops, and the second reason was to see the invitations that were sent over and see if there are any banquets that Zhao Hai can attend.

Looking at Megan’s appearance, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “What happened? You look glad, is there something to be happy about?”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, guess which family invitation just came in.”

Zhao Hai stared, seeing Megan’s faint smile, he suddenly thought of a person. He looked into Megan’s eyes and said, “Is it the Robert Family?”

Megan scowled at Zhao Hai, “Big Brother Hai, can guess wrong just one time? It’s very annoying, you don’t let me have a sense of achievement.”

Zhao Hai stared, “Is it really the Robert Family?” Then he opened the card and read the contents. He stared, it was because the name that was written inside was actually his, Zhao Hai Buda!






* * *


  












Chapter 471 – Singing

Zhao Hai had seen a lot of written invitations, but he had only seen two of them who specifically mentioned his name . One of them was from Charlie, before God’s Grace Day, and another was from Jason, sent the day before yesterday, this was the third .

The first two invitations that were given to Zhao Hai were expected, but this one came out of the blue .

He placed the invitation down and looked at Megan, “Megan, what do you think Terry wants to do? Or the Robert Family in that matter?”

Megan snorted and said, “I don’t know about the Robert Family, but what Terry wants to do was actually step on your reputation, shaming you . Makes you look ugly to me . Big Brother Hai, you need to be careful tomorrow . Otherwise, their plans would affect you . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ll be fine . I’m also trying to deal with him . If I were to attend the Robert Family’s banquet tomorrow and all of their businesses get attacked at the same time, how could they possibly place the blame on me?”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Megan and the others smiled . They really wanted to know what response Terry and his family show when they receive the news that all of their businesses outside of the capital have been erased .

Laura smiled and said, “Right, I agree with Brother Hai . If we execute our plans, there shouldn’t be any loose ends . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Now I really want to see how they plan to deal with me . It looks like they don’t intend to use force, my reputation as an 8th rank mage is already widespread . Their previous plan was good, I didn’t see that one coming . What methods can they use this time? Does it have to do with literature?”

Laura and Megan nodded, the two of them grew up in noble households since childhood, so they were quite familiar with how nobles act . Therefore, they thought Zhao Hai’s words were quite acceptable .

Laura nodded and said, “If you can’t deal with someone using force, then one can embarrass them in front of a crowd . One could make their





enemy do a dance, recite a poem, or play some musical instruments . Brother Hai cannot dance, and I haven’t seen you play an instrument, poem? I think that may be a bit difficult . Brother Hai’s weakness really has to do with performances . ”

Laura didn’t deliberately ignore this shortcoming of Zhao Hai . In Laura’s view, there are no such thing as a perfect person . Zhao Hai cannot write poetry, cannot dance, cannot play instruments, but all of these doesn’t overshadow Zhao Hai’s brilliance . For a recently fallen family like the Buda Clan, poems, dances, and musical instruments aren’t the talents that they currently need for a leader . They need someone who is tolerant, low-key, and decisive in his actions . And Zhao Hai was the latter .

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They really know my weak spot . Alright, I’ll sing . Is singing fine?”

When they heard Zhao Hai, Laura and Megan’s eyes turned bright . They looked at each other before Megan said, “Big Brother Hai, will you really sing? Are you good?”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he knew that if he was allowed to sing, he could survive this situation . But he didn’t lie, although he cannot play any musical instruments, he was quite confident in his singing . This was because back on Earth, he only had three hobbies; singing, drinking, and reading books .

What Zhao Hai liked were pop songs, so it was natural that he would sing along . For drinking, he generally wouldn’t drink much, but he enjoyed doing it along with his friends . As for writing, there was no need to mention it, it was Zhao Hai’s most loved hobby .

To be honest, Zhao Hai was good at signing . Otherwise, he wouldn’t have proposed doing it . However, since he came to Ark Continent, he didn’t have any mood to do so, he had too many matters to think about .

One could say that if he was forced to write a poem, he can plagiarize one or two . But Zhao Hai didn’t want that . But if he really was pushed to doing it, then he wouldn’t be polite .

Man can lose face, but not in two





two occasions . The first one is in front of a love rival, and the other, in front of an enemy . Because if you do so, you would be losing your dignity .

When Laura said that Nobles would generally make a poem, dance, or play a musical instrument, Zhao Hai frowned . This was because these are not things that he was skilled in . So he proposed that he would sing . He wanted to know whether singing was allowed because he would prefer doing so . Naturally, if he said that he can sing, Megan and the others would certainly ask him to do so . And as expected, they did .

Laura became interested in what Zhao Hai said, “Brother Hai, you can actually sing? How come I don’t know about it? Sing one song for us quickly . ”

Zhao Hai looked at their face and smiled bitterly, “Alright, I’ll go sing one for you . Hmm, what to sing, Alright, I’ll go sing ‘Bed of Chrysanthemums’”

Your tears glisten with pain in their fragility

The pale crescent hooks the past

The endless night has crystallised into frost

Who is it in the loft, destitute with cold hopelessness?



The rain slowly patters on the vermilion window

My life is a tattered page battered by the winds

Far-off dreams fading into mist

Your image has been dissipated by the wind



Wilted chrysanthemums are spread across the floor; even your smile has turned faintly yellow

The falling flowers induce sadness, and my thoughts languish

In the passing of the north wind and the dusk, your shadow lingers on

And standing by the lake, I only have my own reflection for company



Responding to the dusk, the flowers shed their brilliant shine

They wilter on life’s path, meeting a tragic fate

Don’t cross the river in melancholy

You may spend a lifetime drifting, never reaching the shore



Whose empire is it now? The sound of horse hoofs thunders in the distance .

My resplendent armour decays with the hounds of time

Your soft sigh heralds the first ray of dawn

The conclusion to another restless night



Wilted chrysanthemums are spread across the floor; even your smile has turned faintly yellow

The falling flowers induce sadness, and my thoughts languish

In the passing of





passing of the north wind and the dusk, your shadow lingers on

And standing by the lake, I only have my own reflection for company…” [1][2]

This song wasn’t unfamiliar to average people . Jay Chou’s song has a very unique charm, and Zhao Hai really liked his works . What he liked in songs were the lyrics and the artistic style in how they were arranged .

This type of song was naturally not present in Ark Continent . What people generally listened to were songs that were like those sang in the opera . Pop songs were non-existed here .

Zhao Hai knew about this matter, but he cannot sing opera, only pop songs . He accepted Laura’s request because he wanted to see how they’ll receive this style of song . If the song was acceptable, then Zhao Hai can use this to deal with Terry’s plan . If they can’t accept it, Zhao Hai can only think of something else .

While Zhao Hai sang, Laura and Megan both wore very dumbfounded faces . From the moment he started to the end, the two’s expression didn’t change . This made Zhao Hai extremely worried .

After quite some time, the two somewhat recovered and stared at Zhao Hai strangely . Seeing how the two looked at him, Zhao Hai asked, “What? What’s wrong?”

Laura and Megan, now fully recovered, looked at each other before running outside . Zhao Hai didn’t know what was going on . He was very confident in Jay Chou’s song, this song had a lot of thought put into it, and Zhao Hai also sang it very well . Was it that bad? Why did they need to run away?

With a puzzled expression, Zhao Hai turned to Meg . Meg was strangely looking at Zhao Hai as well, then she said, “Young Master, how come I didn’t know that you could actually sing? When did you learn? Did you use this to attract other girls to your room?”

When Zhao Hai heard the first part of Meg’s response, he couldn’t help but have a cold sweat . He thought that Meg would get skeptical about his identity . But when he heard the second part, he became relieved, Meg wasn’t suspicious of him .

In fact, Zhao Hai

fact, Zhao Hai was completely overly concerned . Not only Meg, even Green didn’t doubt Zhao Hai . This was because Zhao Hai replaced Adam’s soul, not his body . From the time when he drank the Water of Nothingness to when he woke up, he never left Green’s sight . In this case, how could they doubt his identity?

Zhao Hai relaxed, and at the same time, he turned to Meg and said, “Don’t talk nonsense . This is your young master’s talent, I made it myself . It’s good right? So tell me what those two were planning on doing . ”

Meg smiled and said, “You’ll know in a moment . ” Making Zhao Hai wait in anticipation .

Before long, Laura and Megan came back . Nier was also following behind them . Carried in their hands were musical instruments .

Zhao Hai stared, then immediately understood what they want to do . They actually wanted to play the ‘Bed of Chrysanthemums”, very interesting .

Zhao Hai looked at the four instruments, there was something that looked like a harp, one was a violin, one was a cello, and the last one was a horizontal flute .

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, your song is very nice to hear . We haven’t had such a song in the Continent . We know how to play instruments, when you sing, we’ll will be giving you a musical background . ”

Such an opportunity was rare, so Zhao Hai didn’t decline . He nodded and said, “Alright, let’s practice the song . If Terry wanted me to perform, then you will accompany me . ”

Laura smiled and said, “Alright, go sing it again . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then sang ‘Bed of Chrysanthemums’ again from beginning to end .

Including this time, Laura and the others have already heard the song twice, but they still had difficulties in playing along . But this obstacle didn’t stump them, they have all grown up in noble families, they learned these instruments from childhood . For Noble families, it wasn’t surprising for their descendants to learn one of two instruments, even for Adam who didn’t learn anything .






* * *


  












Chapter 472 – Savage Wolf and a Malnourished Horse

Afraid that people may hear them in the courtyard, Zhao Hai immediately relocated their practice into the Space . Laura and the others were very excited, this was a new and odd style .

The day slowly passed as they practiced non-stop . However, their efforts weren’t wasted . Now, when Zhao Hai sang, Laura and the others can already keep up with their tunes .

When the skies slowly turned dark, the group started to groom themselves . In the banquets that Zhao Hai attended in the past few days, aside from Jason’s banquet, Zhao Hai didn’t bring Laura and the others, only Megan . He was afraid the Megan would get shamed if he were to bring his other fiances .

One must know that noble women were not so polite . Megan was always placed beside Lizzy, being one of the Twin Flowers of the Capital . Because of this, there were a lot of women who were very jealous of her . If Zhao Hai brought Laura and the others to the banquets, those women might act on Laura and the others in order to embarrass Megan . Zhao Hai didn’t want such a matter to happen, so when he went to such banquets, he didn’t bring Laura and the others .

Naturally, Zhao Hai not bringing them doesn’t mean that he left them behind in the Calci Family . Laura and the others were inside the Space whenever he went out, not accompanying Zhao Hai while at the same time not appearing in the banquet .

But in today’s banquet, all of them were going to appear together . Zhao Hai had no choice, it was clear that Terry wanted him to bring Laura and the others along so that Zhao Hai can lose face in front of them as well .

Zhao Hai still used his bull-pulled carriage . His carriage may look good elsewhere, but not here . This was the Rosen Empire’s Capital, in here, Zhao Hai’s carriage was quite common .

However, it doesn’t matter if his carriage looked good or bad, it was still Zhao Hai’s own carriage . He was already very used to sitting on this one, being uncomfortable on other carriages would be no good .

The carriage slowly headed to the Robert Family’s castle . The Robert Family’s castle was a short distance





away from the Calci Family . If one were to walk, it would take four hours; two hours if you walk fast .

When Zhao Hai left, he let the carriage slowly head forward while he went to the Space to observe the situation outside . At the same time, he was also preparing their action tonight .

Zhao Hai cannot personally take charge of tonight’s operation, so he can only delegate the task over to Cai’er, making her take charge of Zhao Hai’s Advanced Level Undead . Since these undead were created by the Space, there was no problem in transferring their control over to someone else .

In fact, there was no need to take command on all these undead . Zhao Hai had already found all of the Robert Family’s shops . He can just transfer a group over to finish the job quickly before withdrawing . If a problem arises, Zhao Wen and Cai’er can just support them anytime . Zhao Hai’s plan was to finish everything in one hour, after that period, everyone must retreat . Moreover, they should make their actions as silent as possible, not making any large commotions .

As for those vassal nobles of the Robert Family, Zhao Hai decided to not include them in his plans . In the end, those nobles are nobles of the Rosen Empire . If he decides to touch them, he might incur the anger of the whole empire’s nobles . When that happens, their gains wouldn’t justify their losses . One must know that the collective strength of Rosen Empire’s nobles was very strong .

To further ensure the success of the operation, Zhao Hai went to Iron Mountain Fort to ask Green and Kun to supervise . With them and Cai’er er taking charge of the undead, there was no way for this plan to fail .

Zhao Hai had to ensure this plan’s success . He had to get rid of all the family’s shops without leaving anybody alive . This was to make sure that nobody finds out that the shops were attacked by the undead, leaving the Robert Family with no way to suspect Zhao Hai .

After discussing everything with Green and Kun, the two elders couldn’t help but stare strangely at Zhao Hai . They didn’t believe that Zhao Hai could really sing . Seeing the look on their faces, Zhao Hai





Hai knew that they were thinking about him wanting to sing . This made him smile bitterly, how can his singing become a wonder in this world? If all those who loved karaoke in Earth were to be transported to the continent, their numbers would be enough to establish an independent country .

Green looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, can you really sing? Is it a good idea for you to sing?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I can sing a little . I don’t know any other thing aside from singing . There was no way for me to practice an instrument in one or two days . If Terry really wanted to embarrass me tonight, then I have no choice but to sing . ”

Green smiled and said, “I really didn’t expect that Young Master can actually sing . Haha, good . Right, I must talk with Merine later . When Young Master comes next time, we’ll have you study an instrument as well as work on your dancing . ”

Zhao Hai felt quite down, he wasn’t really interested in those things . If they really wanted him to learn, then he didn’t know whether he can last very long .

Kun agreed as he nodded, “You should study, study . A noble that can’t dance is quite a loss of face . Hmm, I think it would be better if we have Laura and the others teach him . ”

Upon hearing Kun’s suggestion, Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but turn bright . Although Zhao Hai was very polite and really loved Laura and the others, this didn’t mean that he didn’t have any thoughts about them . In the past, his health wasn’t very good, but now, he was already very healthy . He’s an 8th rank expert, he can kill an elephant in one, naturally, his basic instincts were much stronger as well .

But since he didn’t want to destroy Laura and the others’ impression of him, he didn’t make any excessive actions . Ark Continent wasn’t the same as Earth . On Earth, if you were with a girl and didn’t make any moves after several days of dating, people would judge you as incompetent . But Zhao Hai was in the Ark Continent now, if one was too anxious, then they wouldn’t have any good reputation among the people .

Because of this, Zhao Hai did his





did his best to practice self-control . He tried his best to suppress these evil thoughts .

At this time, the bull-pulled carriage had already arrived at the base of the Robert Family’s hill . The emblem of the Robert Family was a wolf with only one eye . Their family’s badge was named the Savage Wolf emblem .

Everybody knows that a savage beast is the most difficult one to fight . This was because a savage beast was more ruthless . The Robert Family choosing this emblem has this reason behind it . [1]

Savage Wolf, Savage Wolf Fort, Savage Wolf emblem, all of these symbolize the Robert Family . Moreover, Zhao Hai had also heard that the Robert Family ancestors always advocated their descendants act as thought they were savage wolves at all times .

Savage wolves are ferocious, but they were sly as well . Someone who had that temperament was very scary . And each and every one of the Robert Family members practice this kind of mindset . Even if generations of the Robert Family had good relations with the Calci family, the two families were always on guard against each other .

And you have to realize that with the Robert Family always acting like sly wolves, they were still able to arrive at their current height today .

When Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived at the foot of the hill, he was greeted by the servant in charge of the roadblock and upon inspecting the invitation, allowed Zhao Hai passage . The styles of the castles around Carson City were really similar, there were no special trait to any of them .

Zhao Hai knew that people from the Ark Continent didn’t like to pursue beauty, they were leaning towards having things that are practical . Looking at the long history of the continent, Zhao Hai knew that humans aren’t the only people waging wars with each other, there were also battles between humans and Magic Beasts . Now that the human population in the continent was increasing, the population of Magic Beasts in the mountains was increasing as well . When humans start to expand their territories again, they would be getting in contact with those Magic Beasts, which would lead to war . And in wars, beautiful castles have no use, thus, practical structures were deemed more important .

When Zhao Hai looked at the Calci Family’s fort before, he saw

before, he saw that the castle was constructed quite well, it was well suited for battles . Moreover, after years of modifications and additions, this type of has reached its peak potential, making it the most suitable place for the humans to fight in . This was the reason why forts looked very much the same, they were already designed to have the most effective defensive and offensive capabilities .

The bull-pulled carriage slowly arrived at the front door of the Savage Wolf Fort . There, two servants were present to greet the guests . Seeing Zhao Hai’s carriage, the two servants surprisingly didn’t come forward . But Zhao Hai didn’t care, when he disembarked along with Laura and the others, only then did the two servants give a bow, “We welcome Count Zhao Hai . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he had attended a lot of these banquets, there weren’t a lot of people who call him by his title, most of them referred to him as ‘Mister Zhao Hai’ .

But Zhao Hai recovered quickly, he knew that this was a ruse that Terry had planned . Terry wanted to borrow his title to embarrass him, reminding Zhao Hai frequently that he was only a count, so there was no reason for him to be proud .

Zhao Hai’s eyes flashed a cold light, but he didn’t say anything . Now is not the time to cause a scene, he needed to endure . So instead of being angry, he decided to behave, the more behaved and calm he was, the more Terry would get annoyed . Because of this, Zhao Hai just smiled faintly at the servant and said, “Thank you . ”

The servants certainly didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have that response, they stared slightly before one of said, “We invite Sir Count . ” Then he lead Zhao Hai towards the castle .

There was a carriage waiting for Zhao Hai and the others inside, but evidently, this was in a way worse situation than what was normally used . This carriage was very small, the horse pulling it was also very malnourished .

When Megan and the other women saw this, they looked very angry . Megan was about to reprimand the servant before Zhao Hai stopped her . He just smiled faintly and got on the carriage .






* * *


  












Chapter 473 – Endure!

While sitting on he carriage, Megan snorted and said, “Big Brother Hai, why do we need to endure? See this carriage, what kind of carriage is this? This is a carriage that servants ride on, why did you ride it?”

Looking at Megan’s appearance, Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “It’s fine, don’t be too angry . You must have heard the servant calling me by my title, reminding me of my status . If we get angry, we would get Terry his satisfaction . ”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Megan became calm . She turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, are you really not angry?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “What’s the use of being angry? Even if we get unlucky today, think about the faces of the Robert Family tomorrow when they find out what just happened . ”

Megan smiled when she heard Zhao Hai, she said, “Alright, we’ll endure . We still have something to do later . ” As she said that, the carriage stopped .

Zhao Hai stared outside when he got off the carriage . He stared not because the carriage stopped in front of the banquet hall, he stared because there were many people standing outside . Several of them looked at Zhao Hai with a ridiculing smile on their face .

Terry stood in front of these people, looking at Zhao Hai with a faint smile . Seeing that Zhao Hai’s group had already got down from the carriage, Terry smiled and said, “Count Buda, are you comfortable with the carriage we’ve arranged you? There are no other carriages available for the count, our Robert Family only has this carriage left . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine, I thank Mister Terry for the concern . I didn’t think that there was such a malnourished horse in the Robert Family . It seems like the Robert Family isn’t doing well lately . I’ll have someone come to your family tomorrow and deliver ten Fire Horses that I use to pull my carriages . It really hurts the Robert Family’s face if they use a thin horse just like that one . ”

When Terry heard Zhao Hai, his complexion couldn’t help but change . He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to say such things .

He wanted to insult Zhao Hai with this method, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have that response . He actually made the Robert Family look poor .

Terry coldly snorted and said, “What kind of people is our Robert Family for us to treat our guests like that? Our treatment of Count Buda this time is quite acceptable . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It seems like the Robert Family deemed me to be unbearable, so why would they take the effort to send me an invite? Is the family not afraid of someone like me defiling





your castle? If that’s the case, then Mister Terry might as well break this castle tomorrow since I’ve already polluted the place . ”

Although Zhao Hai seemed like he was demeaning himself, saying such things about himself, the people present weren’t fools . These people knew what Terry did in the past . Because of this nobody dared approach Megan . Seeing that Zhao Hai and Terry going head to head with each other, these people felt interested and excited .

Terry’s complexion paled, he coldly snorted and then turned towards the crowd,


Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “I thank Mister Terry . For Mister Terry to personally invite a lowly person like myself really gives me great honor . ” Then he led Megan and the others towards the hall, leaving the black faced Terry behind .

Those who came out with Terry wanted to watch something fun, and they weren’t disappointed . They didn’t reveal too much in their expressions, but seeing how Terry and Zhao Hai interacted with each other, they knew that something interesting was going to happen inside the hall .

After going inside, Zhao Hai separated with Laura and the others as Jason went by his side . Jason patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “You really are very good with your mouth . What’s happening? I didn’t expect that you would be present here today . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Why wouldn’t I come? I want to see his expression today and what kind of attitude Terry uses when dealing with me . To be honest, I’m quite let down . If the heirs of the Robert Family are all like this, then I couldn’t help but feel disappointed . ”

Jason smiled, “You should be careful with your words, Terry is not simple . With how he treated you today, I’m very sure that he has something planned . You should have went back earlier . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Jason, he knew that Jason’s concern was sincere . Jason didn’t want Zhao Hai humiliated here . Zhao Hai smiled a little and looked around, then he went closer to Jason before whispering, “No, I can’t go back today . I need to appear here so that everyone can see me . ”

Jason is a smart person, as soon as he heard Zhao Hai, he immediately understood . He turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Tonight?”

Zhao Hai nodded and then didn’t speak anything more . Jason snorted and said, “Why didn’t you tell me? If I didn’t ask you, then you won’t tell me?”

Zhao Hai looked all around, then he whispered to Jason, “Don’t be angry, the less people know the better . If everyone knew, then I’ll be





be in trouble . People shouldn’t know that I did it to avoid suspicion . Don’t tell anyone about this, even your family . ”

Jason snorted, then he drank his liquor . Even if he didn’t reply to Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai knew that Jason understood him . Jason is a genuine friend, Zhao Hai wouldn’t doubt him, he knew that he certainly would tell .

The banquet went smoothly . During the event, there were no other people who went to talk to Zhao Hai aside from Jason . One could say that Zhao Hai was isolated .

Zhao Hai sat down with Jason at the side . Jason looked coldly at the people present and said, “These people present here are all descendants of families that are in good relations with Terry’s family . Right, Terry actually invited my second brother but I replaced him . It seems like the people wouldn’t be friendly tonight .

Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “It’s alright, be relieved . What’s wrong with being unfriendly? Their attitudes cannot affect me, don’t worry . ”

The situation with Laura and the others were very different from Zhao Hai’s . They were surrounded by people and naturally their attention was fully set on Megan, ignoring Laura and the others . Moreover they were talking strangely to Megan, they kept speaking bad things about Zhao Hai while occasionally inserting some good words for Terry .

Regarding Terry’s method, Laura and the others couldn’t help but sneer . Such a method couldn only be described as weak, there was nothing special about it .

At this moment, Terry suddenly walked towards the orchestra and rang the cup on his hand . He smiled at everyone and said, “I’m very happy to see everyone today . But it seems like the atmosphere has become quite bland, how about we share a performances for everyone? What do you think?”

Zhao Hai almost spat out the liquor in his mouth . Jason looked at him and said, “What happened? Is there something wrong?”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled to Jason and said, “There’s a problem, big problem, I can’t play instruments, dance, and make poems . Haha, Laura and the others already saw this coming . Terry would actually do this method to deal with me . ”

When Jason heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but get anxious . He quickly asked Zhao Hai, “You really can’t write poems? Can’t dance? Can’t play musical instrument? Didn’t the people of your family teach you?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “They taught me, but unfortunately I just cannot learn . ”

Seeing Zhao Hai’s nonchalant expression, Jason couldn’t help but get even more anxious, “Then what are you planning to do? If you cannot give a performance, they you would get disgraced . In the future, nobody would want you in their circle . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly





smiled faintly and said, “It’s alright, rest assured that I’m going to be fine . I have also thought about this point and naturally have a way to get around it . You don’t need to be worried . ”

At this time, several Nobles have already given their performances . They didn’t do anything else other than reciting poems and playing musical instruments .

When Jason looked at Terry, his heart couldn’t help but beat faster . He knew that Terry would deal with Zhao Hai today . When a man playing an instrument was finished, Jason went forward and said, “I will go next . ” Then he went to the band and played a harp .

Zhao Hai knew that Jason was stalling for time . The time Jason took while playing was very long . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, Jason is really caring .

However, it was impossible for Jason to perform for the entirety of the banquet . Although he had delayed, he still had to stop playing . At this moment, Terry’s gaze rotated towards Zhao Hai .

But Zhao Hai didn’t notice it, he was currently communicating with Cai’er . He decided that their operation needed to start upon seeing Jason playing .

Zhao Hai gave them a time limit of one hour . Jason’s performance lasted for 20 minutes, almost 50% of the time has passed by .

At this time, there have already been groups who had finished their job . Zhao Hai’s estimate was very accurate, the information that Cai’er has collected came in useful . The undead he sent out went in to kill, ensuring that they finish quickly . Even if they have one hour to finish, it was best to finish early .

What surprised Zhao Hai was the time it took for the fastest team to finish; the group took ten minutes to finish everything . This group was made up of undead assassins, their actions were very swift .

In ten minutes, they dealt with everything, Cai’er also had the inventory of the shop stored into the Space before the team burned the shop down .

Just as Zhao Hai took his mind off the operation, Jason’s performance was also on the verge of finishing . The applause given by the crowd completely woke Zhao Hai up .

Zhao Hai looked at Jason who was currently walking down the stage . Although Jason’s performance was very successful, he didn’t have a happy expression on his face . He just coldly looked at Terry as he slowly returned to his seat .

Terry didn’t notice Jason’s look since his eyes were aimed at Zhao Hai . Then he went up the stage and said, “Everybody’s performance today was very fantastic . How about we invite Count Buda to show us something too?”

The crowd was naturally very supportive of

very supportive of Terry . Zhao Hai had already expected this to happen . He didn’t say anything as he handed his wine glass over to a servant and slowly went up the stage .

Terry was in the stage looking at Zhao Hai with a ridiculing gaze . Before he started to deal with Zhao Hai, he had investigated him well . He knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t weak . He was a Dark Mage and although Terry didn’t know how he attained his strength, he can just think of it as Zhao Hai having a fortuitous encounter . However, when it came to performances, Terry was well confident that Zhao Hai was going to be very terrible in it .

Terry already checked and knew that Adam was a playboy, although Zhao Hai had been quite exceptional recently, he had neither learning nor skill when he was a child . Magic can be improved by potions, but talent in performing? Terry doesn’t think so . He had not heard about a potion that improves one’s talent in dancing, poem, and instruments .

Because he had thought of this point, Terry arranged this day to enact on his plan . He must make Zhao Hai lose face, he wanted Zhao Hai to be forever excluded from the circles of Rosen Empire’s nobles .

Zhao Hai stood on the stage and looked at the proud face of Terry . He then smiled and said, “I suddenly find myself to be quite ashamed right now, it seems like this banquet is specifically held for me . For someone of my status, it was impossible for me to get such a treatment . Since Mister Terry has invited me over to perform, then it would be impolite for me to decline . The previous performances were very good, It made me deeply admire the younger generation of the Rosen Empire . Since everyone wants to see me perform, then I can only apologize in advance if I make any mistakes . But me performing along wouldn’t be very special, I want to ask my fiancees over to accompany me . I wonder If everybody can agree to it?”

Zhao Hai being self deprecating made everyone present feel that there wasn’t anything wrong . Knowing that Laura and the others, very beautiful women, were going to perform, the people present naturally gave a loud applause . Terry, on the other hand, had a very ugly expression .

When he heard Zhao Hai, he immediately knew that Zhao Hai had already prepared for this moment . Otherwise, he wouldn’t have asked Laura and the others to accompany him on stage . This made Terry very disappointed . However, he still wanted to see Zhao Hai perform . He didn’t believe that someone who had no artistic talent could give a very good performance .





* * *


  












Chapter 474 – Change in Attitude

Jason looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance on the stage and smiled, he suddenly didn’t worry . Although he didn’t know Zhao Hai for a long time, he understood that Zhao Hai wasn’t the kind of person that would suffer without hitting back . He was not the type to come unprepared as well . Seeing him so calm meant that he was prepared, it seems like Jason’s worries were all in vain .

Thinking about this, Jason couldn’t help but alternately look between Zhao Hai and Terry . The corners of Jason’s mouth slowly lifted, showing a smiling expression . He was really in anticipation for tomorrow, he wanted to see how Zhao Hai retaliated .

At the very least, Jason was sure that ZHao Hai would make the Robert Family suffer . But all of these have nothing to do with Jason, he wouldn’t be affected by the Robert Family’s bad luck .

At this time, Laura and the others were already standing up the stage . These beautiful women standing on the stage naturally attracted everybody’s attention . In turn, Zhao Hai who stood in front looked very insignificant .

Seeing the crowd being attracted to Laura and the others, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable . He was a man and the women behind him were his fiancees . With these people’s eyes going green in front of him certainly made him feel strange .

Zhao Hai coughed lightly, then turned towards Laura and the others and gave a signal . The women nodded and turned towards the orchestra and discussed something . The musicians didn’t decline the women and immediately gave them four types of musical instruments .

Laura took the harp, Megan took the cello, Meg had the horizontal flute, and Nier held the violin . Seeing that the group was prepared, Zhao Hai turned to the crowd and said, “I don’t know how to dance, play musical instruments as well as making poems . Because of this, I have to choice but to sing . I hope that everyone present won’t be offended by my performance . ” Then he turned to Laura and the others and nodded .

The people facing the stage didn’t expect Zhao Hai to sing . Singing wasn’t generally something that nobles study . This was because it was very difficult to learn it . Songs





in Ark Continent usually referred to operas . If you don’t practice it for a long time, there was not a way to present themselves in public . Most importantly, studying opera meant that you need to condition your vocal chords every day, for Nobles, this was very laborious, explaining the lack of people who studied it .

When the crowd heard Zhao Hai sing, they were shocked, all of them stared blankly at Zhao Hai . The gentle music was very soothing, it was as though it was touching their very hearts . However, the song had a touch of tragedy in it, making the crowd feel as though their hearts were being constricted, their entire bodies slowly being surrounded by a sad atmosphere .

The song ‘Bed of Chrysanthemums’ was actually not suited to the present situation because the song itself was played in a movie . How could people who hadn’t seen a chrysanthemum think about the emotion that one presented . It’s strange, but sometimes, song lyrics didn’t need to be understood in order to receive its soul . Back on Earth, Michael Jackson had many fans who didn’t understand English at all .


There are times when foreign words bring advantages . Everytime one appears, it always feels novel and intriguing .

Before long, Zhao Hai finished singing ‘Bed of Chrysanthemums’, Even after he closed his mouth, there was still no sound that’s heard inside the hall . It may be because the crowd was still immersed in this out of the ordinary song .

Suddenly, an applause was heard in the hall, the crowd who were still staring couldn’t’ help but turn around and look for its source .

Zhao Hai also looked for the source of the applause, then he saw that the one clapping was none other than Jason . This fellow was the first to recover, therefore he applauded first .

When the crowd saw Jason, they immediately recovered . Then a thunderous applause broke out almost instantly . Zhao Hai and the others stood in a row and bowed to the crowd before walking down the





the stage .

These young people became lively . All of them were invited by Terry, and all of them didn’t have a status that was much worse than him . However, all of them had a good relationship with Terry’s family . Therefore, when Terry asked them to help him humiliate Zhao Hai, they were all very glad to play along .

But when they heard Zhao Hai sing, they suddenly forgot about Terry’s request . When Zhao Hai got off the stage, they immediately surrounded him . They asked Zhao Hai about the song, for them, this song was very attractive .

Zhao Hai chatted and laughed with these people as well . For the questions about how he learned to sing, he just responded that he really liked to sing when he was alone . But he knew that this kind of song cannot be sung in an opera, so he didn’t bother to reveal it .

Terry’s face was pale while he stood there looking at Zhao Hai . He requested these people to help him humiliate Zhao Hai . Naturally he didn’t only want to embarrass Zhao Hai, he also wanted to drive a wedge between Zhao Hai and these people .

If two people met and left a bad impression on each other, it would be very difficult for the two of them to become friends later . First impressions are very important .

Terry knew about this, so his plan was very simple, he would make Zhao Hai look bad in front of these young nobles . In the future, they would feel awkward towards Zhao Hai, exempting him from their circles, making becoming friends with him much more difficult .

But he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually be patient and even ridiculed himself, not offending these young nobles . And then afterwards, with his new and odd song, he made those nobles approach him and even chat with him . It was very clear that Terry’s plan completely failed .

Jason didn’t join the other nobles in surrounding Zhao Hai . His relationship with Zhao Hai was very different than these people . He can see what Zhao Hai was doing with them . So as a true friend, he will not interfere, he also thought that his help was unnecessary .

On the other hand, Jason was paying attention to Terry . Jason lived in





lived in Carson City since he was a child, so he knew the temperaments of the young nobles in the city . He understood more than Megan how sinister Terry was . He was afraid that Terry might have another method to deal with Zhao Hai .

Terry looked at Zhao Hai, his eyes filled with intense anger . He couldn’t accept it, he couldn’t accept that Zhao Hai managed to evade his plan to humiliate him .

With this thought, Terry’s eyes immediately hid his expression . He then headed up the stage and gently tapped the glass on his hand . Everyone immediately looked at him, feeling confused .

At this point, the crowd also remembered Terry’s request and thought about how nobody cared about it right now . They are now looking at Terry’s mildly annoyed expression .

These people aren’t fools, they understood why Terry was obviously targeting Zhao Hai . Although Terry told them bad things about Zhao Hai, after listening to Zhao Hai’s performance at the banquet, all of these nobles felt appreciative of him, they also felt much better towards Zhao Hai . In fact, they quite liked Zhao Hai more than they respected Terry . Terry was very arrogant and always wanted to have his whims accomplished . This fact gave these nobles an unfavorable impression towards Terry .

Now that they saw up the stage again, these people knew that Terry must be scared of Zhao Hai, which made them even more disgusted . Everyone knew that Zhao Hai didn’t offend Terry . The cause of the hatred between them was Megan .

Everyone also knew that Terry grew up with Megan, but after all these time, Megan’s treatment of Terry was always neither warm nor cold . But Terry still made it clear that nobody would get to approach Megan . Now that Megan was married, he still actually made a move on Zhao Hai . This made him lose style, this was not a method befitting of a Great Noble .

Terry didn’t care about any of these, what he was thinking right now was how to crush Zhao Hai . Therefore, when he stood up on the stage he smiled and said, “Count Buda’s performance was really too splendid . Everyone please give him a round of applause . ”

When the crowd heard him mention Zhao Hai’s title, they became even much more disgusted .

disgusted . There were also some people here who held the title of count . When they wanted to embarrass Zhao Hai, they didn’t care about this . But now, Terry mentioning the title made them feel how harsh Terry was . However, they were still in the Robert Family’s castle, they still needed to give the family face . Therefore, all of them clapped but not the kind that showed enthusiasm .

Terry counted two seconds before he waved his hand, making the applause slowly fade . When he heard that the clapping has stopped, Terry continued, “From the applause, I believe I share the same sentiment as everyone when they heard Count Buda singing . There seems to be a sense of incompleteness . I want to ask Count Buda to come on stage again, but since singing was too boring, Count Buda needs to do something else . ”

Those under the stage weren’t fools . When they heard Terry’s words, they understood what Terry intends to do . It seems like Terry wanted to humiliate Zhao Hai no matter what .

Doing this, Terry didn’t express his brilliance, on the contrary, it showed how small-minded he was . He looked like someone very desperate, this made the crowd disdain him .

Terry didn’t care about any of these, he proudly stood on top of the stage and said, “I invite Count Buda again . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Terry and then faintly smiled . He knew that Terry was now at a loss, he already didn’t know how to proceed with this night’s events .

Zhao Hai slowly climbed on the stage . This made Laura and the others worried . They knew that Zhao Hai was with them the entire day, practicing their song . This time, they didn’t know how Zhao Hai would perform, will he really lose face today?

Zhao Hai stood on the stage and looked at the crowd, he showed a faint smile and said, “It’s a pity that Mister Terry didn’t allow me to sing, otherwise I would’ve made this night into my concert . ” The crows laughed .

Zhao Hai then continued, “It’s already quite late . I still have some matters back at the family . Therefore, I shall give this small performance . However, I need to apologize first to the people below, I also need to apologize to Mister Terry . ”





* * *


  












Chapter 475 – Huge Harvests

Zhao Hai saying that he would be leaving wasn’t a surprise . They knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t want to keep on participating in Terry’s ruse any longer . To be honest, for Zhao Hai to endure until now made them admire him even more .

Although Terry was unwilling with Zhao Hai announcing his departure, it wouldn’t be good if he was to stop him . He can only lift his wine glass to Zhao Hai and agree .

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then bowed towards the people down the stage before saying, “Since Mister Terry didn’t want me to sing, then I won’t be singing . When I went to the sea some time ago, I accidentally wrote two verses . I ask everyone here to please appraise it . ”

When everyone heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but be disappointed . Only two verses, how can this be considered to be poetry? Everyone at the crowd understood that Zhao Hai was going to be embarrassed this evening .

The expression of Laura and the others were not good either . Only Terry wore a smug face, he believed that he had won .

Zhao Hai looked at the expressions of the crowd and couldn’t help but smile faintly . “When I went to the sea in the past, I managed to get some Marine Magic Beasts to bring back to the continent in preparation for God’s Grace Day . This poem had these magic beasts as an inspiration . I only managed to write a few words, but I think that you would be able to get its message, moreover, its intent is very profound . ”

The people below the stage looked worriedly at Zhao Hai . They didn’t know how Zhao Hai can deliver a message with such a short poem .

Zhao Hai looked at the crowd and smiled faintly, “I think that there are a lot of you who were able to eat crabs . This poem is about them, I ask the crowd to please appraise it . ” Then he cleared his throat, scanned the crowd before stopping his gaze on the proud looking Terry . Zhao Hai slowly opened his mouth and said, “I often look coldly at crabs, but I always see them looking so proud!”

Then there was a static silence, the place was even more silent than the time after he sang .

Hahaha, Hahaha .





A huge laughter was suddenly heard, breaking the silence . Zhao Hai didn’t need to look for the person who laughed, he was certain that it was Jason .

Jason’s loud laughter provoked a chain-reaction . The crowd in the hall were all laughing at this point . People understood who Zhao Hai’s poem was pertaining to .

These young nobles came to find themselves liking Zhao Hai more and more . If Zhao Hai continued to endure after all this time, then they wouldn’t like him . This was because they would see Zhao Hai as someone who didn’t have courage . Even if he did counterattack at a later time, they would then think that Zhao Hai was a sinister villain as well .

However, when Zhao Hai delivered his two lines, they immediately knew what Zhao Hai meant . Zhao Hai was clearly scolding someone, he even made a gesture towards the person . But most importantly, the crowd knew that Terry cannot say anything . If Terry makes a commotion, not only would he lose face, he would also be claiming that he was the butt of the joke . This move was wonderful, very wonderful .

Zhao Hai stood on the stage and then bowed to the crowd before saying, “Everybody, since I still have family matters so attend to, I shall be leaving first . I want to thank Mister Terry for the entertainment, I give my utmost gratitude to you . ” then he bowed again before walking towards the exit .

There were some young nobles who followed Zhao Hai when he left, as if showing their support for him . Terry was standing there, pale faced . He knew that he would certainly be a laughing stock among the noble circles in Rosen Empire tomorrow .

Laura and the others also followed Zhao Hai out, all with smiles on their faces . When he reached the door, Zhao Hai turned back and gave a last bow to the nobles before he left the premises .

Although these nobles liked Zhao Hai, they still need to give the Robert Family face, so they didn’t immediately leave after Zhao Hai . However, each and every one of them looked between Zhao Hai and Terry with a strange expression .

Jason didn’t care about face, so he just left with Zhao Hai . The servants didn’t know what just happened inside the hall,





hall, but they already received an order from Terry beforehand . When Zhao Hai exits, they would still give him the carriage with the malnourished horse . However, even if Jason’s Crook Family wasn’t a millennium-old clan, their family still cannot be neglected . So in addition to Zhao Hai’s malnourished horse carriage, the servants brought a separate carriage as well .

Jason didn’t care about the other carriage, he just went forward and rode Zhao Hai’s carriage . Laura and the others followed them up . After the group sat down, Jason laughed and said, “Nice, Little Hai . You did good, hahaha . Did you see Terry’s face after hearing your poem? Hahaha, it’s all black, I’m afraid he might even vomit blood . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You’re exaggerating . But if he didn’t vomit blood today, he will certainly do so tomorrow . Hehe . ”

Naturally, Zhao Hai’s voice was said while under soundproofing magic . He did that because he was afraid that they would be heard by the servants outside . Laura and the others just sat there smiling, they didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would have a poem that would leave Terry speechless .

The carriage quickly arrived outside Savage Wolf fort . Zhao Hai and Jason disembarked from their carriage and then said farewell to each other . They got on their own carriages and then slowly went down the hill .

After boarding his carriage, Zhao Hai immediately returned to the Space . Just as he left the hall, the one hour limit for the operation just passed . Zhao Hai wanted to see what happened this time .

Just as he arrived inside the Space, he was received by Green and Kun’s smiling face . Looking at their expressions, Zhao Hai relaxed, it seems like the operation flawlessly succeeded .

Seeing Zhao Hai and the others arrive, Green and Kun immediately had them sit down before Green reported, “Young Master, the operation went by successfully without accidents . Not only did we get rid of the Robert Family’s people, we also looted their inventories . Even the bricks and wood inside weren’t let go . Even if they saved the fire in their shops, they wouldn’t be able to rebuild it . And most importantly, this time we got over 10 million tons of living supplies . We also received 10 million gold coins, 20





coins, 20 million silver coins, and 100 million copper coins . The bricks and wood could build 500 buildings . We have gained greatly this time!”

Zhao Hai didn’t think that they would get so much this time . He looked at Green and asked, “How did we get so much?”

Green smiled and said, “God’s Grace Day has just passed . At that time, various shops in the continent kept a lot of goods in stock . During the days leading up to God’s Grace Day, the shops would sell a lot of stuff . Because of this, the shops needed to be able to restock after God’s Grace Day passed by, explaining the amount of goods they have stocked up . Additionally, they also had the profits they just made a few days before . So it was natural that we got so much this time . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “How about the staff? Are they dead? Are the managers dealt with?”

Green nodded and said, “Young Master can feel relieved, according to Cai’er, all of the staff have been taken care of . No witnesses should have survived . Moreover, we also made sure to leave no evidence when we ransacked the place . Additionally, we also used Dark Magic before starting the operations, ensuring that nobody can see what was happening inside . All those who saw the magic were killed as well . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s good, let’s see how the Robert Family handles this . Moreover, when the beastmen come, we won’t worry about their food and clothing . Hahaha . ”

Green smiled as well, millenium-old clans were truly extraordinary . If they didn’t attack the Robert Family, then they wouldn’t have gotten these goods . With these things, settling 100 thousand people wouldn’t be a problem . Moreover, they can also used their plundered goods to trade with the Merfold and the Beastmen . And most importantly, they had obtained a lot of silver and copper coins, enabling them to establish a currency system within Iron Mountain Fort . They can now say goodbye to bartering, as well as the awkward situation of giving salary .

Although Iron Mountain fort has some sort of currency system, the amount of silver and copper coins circulating was pitifully small . Gold coins were the most common type of coin present . So people can still technically acquire coins when they

coins when they trade their products in Zhao Hai’s shop .

But this was not convenient, this system can only work because there was still a small amount of people in Zhao Hai’s domain . When their numbers increase in the future, confusion would surely appear . But now that the silver and copper coins were taken care of, the circulation of currency in the fort wouldn’t have any more problems .

Kun smiled and said, “The operation went as smooth as it can possibly be, there shouldn’t be any flaws in its execution . In order for people to not find out that we used Dark Magic, we used Light Magic in order to remove all traces of Dark Magic in the area . Now, traces of Light Magic were the only things left in the scene, masking all of our traces . Maybe people might even associate this matter with the Radiant Church, which would be very good for us . ”

When he heard Kun, Zhao Hai stared, then he asked, “Grandpa Kun, whose idea was this? Why haven’t I thought about this before?”

In the past, Zhao Hai was only thinking about not being recognized, he didn’t think of using light magic to destroy the scene that he left behind . It seems like this old man still had his formidable wit .

Kun smiled and said, “It’s great that even you didn’t think about this . Right, all of us are quite tired, we should rest early . Tomorrow, we have to construct buildings in the Black Wasteland in preparation for the incoming Beastmen slaves this spring . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, Greed didn’t immediately go to rest, he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Young Master, how was the banquet?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s very good, it went by smoothly . ”

Laura and the others actually chuckled . Then they told Green and Kun about what happened back at Terry’s banquet . When they heard about what happened, Green and Kun couldn’t help but laugh . They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to take this opportunity to scold Terry, moreover, Zhao Hai scolded him in front of his face .

While the group chatted inside the Space, the bull-pulled carriage continued to travel slowly towards Calci Family’s fort . Shue and Shun sat on the driver’s seat with bored expressions . They knew that there was an operation tonight, it was very unfortunate that they weren’t able to participate .





* * *


  












Chapter 476 – Antimagic Powder

Seeing that there was nothing to look at, Shue told Shun, “Shun, what do you think about tonight’s operation? Do you that it’ll succeed?”

Shun faintly smiled and said, “It’ll definitely succeed, with Cai’er as well as the undead, it would be impossible to fail . Right, Young Master said that if he manages to find the right plants to cultivate, he can give us potions in order to upgrade our strengths to 8th rank . ”

Shue smiled and said, “There are already a lot of powerful experts on young master’s side . Even if we arrive at 8th rank, we wouldn’t be a big help to the Young Master, unless we reach 9th rank . ”

Shun sighed and said, “If only reaching 9th rank can be so easy . If it was that easy, Grandfather Green, Grandmother Merine, and Grandfather Kun would have reached 9th rank already . ” Suddenly, his face changed, he lowered his voice and told Shue, “Shue, be alert, I just sensed killing intent . ”

Shue nodded, “I also felt it, I’ll immediately go and inform the Young Master . ” Then with an intention, a shadow appeared and knocked three times on the doors of the vehicle .

This was a code, as long as Shue knocks three times, Cai’er would know that something just happened and then she would immediately inform Zhao Hai .

Upon hearing Shue’s knocks, Cai’er immediately appeared on the villa’s living room and told Zhao Hai, “Young Master, Shue just knocked on the door, something probably happened . ”

Zhao Hai, who was chatting with Green, stared, then he immediately said, “What happened? Immediately open the monitor . ” Cai’er complied and then opened the monitor .

The range of the monitor was much larger than original ten li . Looking at the monitor, Zhao Hai saw a lot of red dots appearing .

There red points were obviously not them, but an ambush on the both sides of the road . At this time, the carriage had already arrived in the middle of their encirclement . Looking at their numbers, Zhao Hai estimated them to be about 500 people . Moreover, they were all experts, most are 6th and 7th ranks, and then a couple dozen 8th ranks . These people were all in full body armor, and had various weapons in their hands . Most importantly, these people had 20 ballistas as well .

Ballistas are impossible to use without proper installation . It seems like these people had prepared these ballistas quite early, they should be in ambush for at least a couple of hours .

Zhao Hai appeared in the carriage and told Shue and Shun about what he saw, making them prepare . The two men immediately went down on the ground and didn’t move . The remaining matters





would be left to him .

Naturally, the two didn’t object to Zhao Haim since both of them knew about Zhao Hai’s strength . So they didn’t say anything and just concentrated on the situation .

Zhao Hai didn’t return to the Space and just sat in the carriage while observing the scene on the monitor . Among these people, he can see a fully bearded man that seemed to be their commander . He was standing nearby a ballista, looking intently at the carriage without blinking an eye . He can also see that the ammo used on the ballistas were all whistling arrows .

Upon seeing the whistling arrow, Zhao Hai immediately changed his vision towards the other ballistas and saw the same thing . Upon looking closely, he noticed black jars being tied up on the arrows . He had no idea what they were trying to do .

If this was ancient Earth, ZHao Hai might have guessed that the other party were using explosives . But this was Ark Continent, there aren’t explosives here . Zhao Hai was very curious about the black jars .

But Zhao Hai certainly knew that those jars aren’t good for him . At this time, he saw the bearded man issue an order, Zhao Hai immediately called out and said, “Get ready!’ as the man’s voice came down .

The bearded man swung his hand down and said, “Release!” Then the more than 20 ballistas immediately shot their ammunition . Zhao Hai waved his hand as he took Shue and Shun to the Space as the arrows smashed the carriage into pieces .

Zhao Hai didn’t delay and immediately released a large number of undead . He had some of them surround the ambushers while some surrounded his carriage .

Zhao Hai just sat in the Space and looked at the bearded man . He knew that the bearded man was their leader . Zhao Hai just had his forces stay still and prepare on dealing with the enemy,

When he observed the bearded man, Zhao Hai saw something interesting . When he released his undead, the bearded man looked very silly . The man murmured, “Impossible, this is impossible . We used Antimagic Powder . How can he still use magic?”

Zhao Hai stared before his complexion changed . This was because the bearded man seemed to indicate the presence of a potion that was widely known in the continent, the Antimagic powder . This powder can debilitate Mages in large scales .

Antimagic Powder, just as its name suggests, is a kind of powder that can inhibit magic . This powder had no effect on ordinary people nor do they affect Warrior . This powder only targets Mages .

Sprinkling this powder around a Mage will make their





their magic spells cost exponentially more . When one was surrounded by Antimagic Powder, spells would take ten times as much as they normally did . In the past, people used this powder in dealing with Mages .

This Antimagic Powder was made by a Grandmaster Alchemist . Generally, Alchemists are Mages that wanted to branch out in their profession . But this Grandmaster wasn’t a Mage, not only was he not a Mage, he also had a huge hatred towards the profession .

When the Alchemist was young, he really wanted to study Magic . But when he went to get tested, he found out that he had no talent . Additionally, that night, the Mage who tested him went to his family and killed everyone . He was only able to survive because he went to a secret passage and ran away .

After several years of investigation, he managed to find out that he wasn’t untalented in Magic at all, on the contrary, he was very gifted . An enemy clan paid the Mage to fake his result and see to it that he was tested as having to talent . Afterwards, the Mage felt greedy and decided to attack the Alchemist’s family, murdering everyone and robbing their reserves . The Alchemist’s family only had small fame, they were a Merchant family with no background . Without an expert to guard them, the Mage went unhindered in eliminating the clan .

For revenge, the Alchemist didn’t study Magic, on the contrary, he even thought that Mages were a danger to humanity . He thinks that the profession must not exist, he wants to eliminate all Mages . Because of this he learned Alchemy and before long, he became a Grandmaster .

After 30 years of unyielding effort, the Alchemist managed to successfully make Antimagic Powder . The powder separates a Mage from the elements surrounding him, making a small space where he can barely use any spells . With the powder, there was no way for a Mage to use powerful spells .

Everyone on the continent knew that Mages specialize in spiritual force, through practicing it, they can communicate with the elements around them . Then, with the help of the elements, they could execute formidable magic spells . With this image, one can compare a Mage to a general commanding his soldiers . But with this Antimagic Powder, a Mage’s connection to the elements would be cut off . Making a Mage fully rely on his spiritual force . In this way, the Mage can only use a small amount of Magic he has in his body to cast spells . When his spiritual force runs out, the Mage can only wait for death .

This powder immediately caught the attention of all the Mages





the Mages in the Continent . Every Major power also began to treat this as an important matter . Clans were even starting to use this powder to deal with Mages . Before long, all the Mages in the continent felt panic .

Because of the Antimagic Powder, all of the Mages in the continent made an alliance and started to chase the Alchemist down . In the end, the Alchemist was killed off . After that, the Mage Alliance went and exerted pressure on all Nobles and Major Forces of the continent, making them ban the future usage of the powder . Additionally, all Mages swore that if they find out that someone was still using the powder, they would get eliminated immediately .

Zhao Hai saw this story in a book discussing the history of the Continent . This matter happened 3000 years ago, and from then on, there was no other heard instance where Antimagic Powder was used .

He didn’t expect that today, he would actually hear someone mention this Antimagic Powder . This would certainly be a huge matter if it reaches the ears of the people of the continent .

The people who wanted to deal with Zhao Hai didn’t think that Zhao Hai’s magic was different . His magic was provided by the Space and wasn’t affected by the Antimagic Powder .

Those who attacked Zhao Hai surely didn’t expect that he wouldn’t be affected by Antimagic Powder . Zhao Hai didn’t allow them time to escape, he immediately made his Undead rush towards the enemy . In less than half an hour, all of the ambushers were killed off completely .

Zhao Hai used Wind Magic to collect the scattered Antimagic Powder . After doing that, he prepared to head back and tell Randolph about this matter, making them deal with it .

Zhao Hai clearly knew that the appearance of the powder today was a huge event in the continent . This matter doesn’t only affect Dark Mages, but all of the Mages in the Continent as well . Zhao Hai’s status was too small to handle this matter, only through Randolph and the Calci Family can this problem be dealt with .

After collecting the Antimagic Powder, Zhao Hai immediately turned all those who attacked him into undead . The also made the leader into an Advance Undead . From the man’s mouth, Zhao Hai discovered that the one who sent for the ambush was the Robert Family . As for where the Robert Family got the Antimagic Powder, the man didn’t know .

Now that Zhao Hai’s bull-pulled carriage was destroyed, Zhao Hai had no choice but to release Alien as he headed back to Dark Soldier Fort . Compared to the giant-horned bull, Alien was much quicker, therefore, Zhao Hai arrived at

Hai arrived at the fort much faster . In order to avoid misunderstandings, Zhao Hai went out when he was a small distance away from the roadblock . After which, he walked forward towards the small house .

After talking to the servant at the roadblock, Zhao Hai went back inside Alien and then headed towards the fort . Waiting for Zhao Hai outside the fort were Randolph and Smith .

When he saw the two, Zhao Hai immediately went out and gave them a salute . Randolph nodded and looked at Zhao Hai before asking, “Are you alright?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’m fine . I made Grandfather worried, let’s talk inside the fort . ” Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and immediately understood that Zhao Hai had something important to say . He immediately nodded and led Zhao Hai to enter the fort and sat down in the main lobby . Sitting beside Smith were notable members of the Family, only Juwan was not present .

After the group sat down, Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, did some people attack you?”

Zhao Hai nodded and responds, “Yes, grandfather, people from the Robert Family ambushed me, there were about 500 of them . My carriage was destroyed because of that . ”

When Randolph heard that it was the Robert Family, he snorted . Zhao Hai looked at him and then held up a leather back . He placed the bag on the ground next to Randolph and said, “Grandfather, in dealing with me, the Robert Family used Antimagic Powder . I’ve collected some of them in this bag . ”

Just as Zhao Hai expected, when the people heard that the bag was filled with Antimagic powder, all of them became startled . They couldn’t help but unconsciously take two steps back . They looked at the bag as though it held a savage magic beast inside .


Randolph expression also changed, but he was the Family’s head, so when he heard about the powder, he didn’t take a step back . But his expression was still ugly, he looked at the bag and said, “Is there really Antimagic Powder in this bag?”

Zhao Hao nodded and said, “There is, in addition to the Antimagic Powder, I also had the commander of the attackers turned into Advanced Level Undead . From his own mouth, i learned that they are all people of the Robert Family . There shouldn’t be anything wrong about his testimony . ”





* * *


  












Chapter 477 – Acting Out of Desperation

Randolph’s face showed a serious expression, he clearly knew how huge the matter regarding Antimagic Powder was . This was something that was taken seriously by the continent . A lot of Mages suffered because of this powder .

Also, he didn’t believe that Zhao Hai would deceive him . Although Zhao Hai had some problems with the Calci Family in the past, Randolph can see that Zhao Hai really liked Megan . This Antimagic Powder held a very significant place in the hearts of all the Mages in the Continent . It didn’t matter whether they were Dark Mages or Light Mages, every single one of them were extremely concerned about this item .

Randolph nodded and said, “What are you planning to do now?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I reckon the Robert Family is finished . This night, except for their shop in Carson City, all of their shops in the continent will be attacked, they wouldn’t even get a single cent from them . In the future, their troubles would only get bigger . If Grandfather is swift, the Calci Family might even take over Robert Family’s businesses . ”

After Zhao Hai talked, Third Grandfather pointed towards the bag of Antimagic Powder and said, “Wait, if they really used Antimagic Powder, then how did you survive?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Antimagic Powder doesn’t affect me . ”

Third Grandfather snorted, “That just shows that this powder is fake, how could it be ineffective . ”

Zhao Hai just smiled, “Is it really fake? You’ll know when you try it, Third Grandfather . Remember, if my toxin from the Water of Nothingness didn’t get cured, I wouldn’t be here today . ”

When Zhao Hai said this, Third Grandfather didn’t know how to respond . At this time, Randolph was still very cautious, he immediately turned to Smith and said, “Smith, you get a person to try it, see if this thing is real . If it isn’t fake, then even god cannot save the Robert Family . ”

Zhao Hai added, “Grandfather, i think we should send someone to monitor the Robert Family right now . They failed their operation this time, exposing the fact that they possess Antimagic Powder . It would be a big problem if they run away . ”

Randolph stared, then he immediately nodded and





said, “Right, do just as what Little Hai said . First, immediately go send some assassins over to the Robert Family, make sure to keep a close eye on their movements . ”

Peter complied, he turned away to find someone to send . At this time, Smith returned, along with him, a family’s foreign elder came . He was an 8th rank Dark Mage, although he doesn’t have any authority, he can be trusted .

After the person came, he gave a salute to Randolph . Randolph had the man stand in an area as Smith started to spread the powder all around him . When Smith opened the bag, he immediately knew that the contents were real . This was because he felt the movement of the elements going sluggish . This was something he didn’t experience before .

However, to test the powder’s might, Smith continued to spread the powder around the person . When the person used magic, Randolph and the others carefully observed him . Even if the person was successful in casting his Dark Magic, they could clearly see that it took him a significant amount of effort to succeed . When the man casted the second time, nothing came out, the man’s face couldn’t help but turn white .

When Randolph and the others saw this scene, their doubts about the authenticity of the powder disappeared . At this time, Zhao Hai carefully collected all of the powder . After Zhao Hai was done, all the people in the room finally relaxed .

However, Randolph’s face turned very ugly . He turned to Smith and said, “Second, immediately inform the family to prepare for battle, we should be on guard just in case the Robert Family goes to act in desperation . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think about this point . When the Robert Family decided to use Antimagic Powder, they should’ve been acting because they see that they have an advantage . After all, they still didn’t know about the fact that all of their shops outside the capital were now destroyed .

Even if they don’t know, it was still possible for them to act out of desperation . This was because they might be be afraid that the Calci Family would spread the fact that the Robert Family had Antimagic Powder in their





their possession .

As long as the information about the existence of Antimagic Powder spreads, not to mention a mere Robert Family, even the Rosen Empire wouldn’t survive the backlash . Think about it, how many Mages were currently in the continent? For their own safety, all of the Mages would unite and kill all of those who possess Antimagic Powder . There isn’t a single power in the continent that could guard against an alliance of such scale .

The status of Mages in the continent was naturally high because of their formidable attacking strength . If people were to suddenly use a type of item like the Antimagic Powder, making their capabilities weaker, their status would definitely decline . In this case, in order to maintain their interests, Mages would surely make a counter-attack . The cumulative strength of all Mages in the continent was simply terrifying . There won’t be any 9th rank experts that would not want to interfere, this was because there were also a lot of 9th rank experts among the Mages .

Listening to the old patriarch, Smith immediately prepared to exit . But at this time, an explosive sound can be heard . Then, a giant firework fired off into the sky .

Upon hearing this, everyone in the hall immediately went out to see . The only ones left behind were Randolph and Zhao Hai, Smith left much earlier .

When he saw the people’s perplexed expression, Zhao Hai was confused . Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and faintly smiled, “That was just an early warning signal released by a magic cannon . That signal meant that our Calci Family is getting ready for attack . As long as that warning shot is heard, all the members of the Calci Family would prepare themselves for battle at the shortest time possible . Making themselves mentally ready for a life and death fight together with the family . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, Randolph’s attitude towards him was now very good . Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Well, no need to think much about it . Come with me, let’s go towards the walls . ”

Zhao Hai agreed, then went out of the room along with Randolph . While they were heading to the walls, they could see the members of the Calci Family redying themselves





redying themselves . There were people moving here and there, there were also Warriors wearing their full body armor, along with a weapon in their hands . Mages can be seen holding their magic staffs as well .

At the same time, Zhao Hai also noticed that the children of the family were being led away by some men . They were going to be lead outside the castle using a secret passage . Megan and the others didn’t join them, the group just stayed there instead .

People from the Calci Family knew that Dark Soldier Fort was their family’s fort . Their fighting power was strongest here . For someone to dare attack this place meant that someone was confident in dealing with the family . This made them more careful in preparing themselves .

Before long, Megan and the others arrived by Zhao Hai’s side . Megan already told Laura and the others about what was currently happening . However, they didn’t worry, they knew that inside Zhao Hai’s Space, 40 9th ranks were present . In the face of that quantity of 9th ranks, there was no point in worrying .

When Randolph saw Megan, he couldn’t help but frown and said, “Megan, why haven’t you left? Just in case something went wrong, you should make yourself safe . ”

Megan smiled and said, “Grandfather, it’s fine . With Big Brother Hai here, there’s no need to worry . Right, let’s quickly go to the walls, let’s see who dared to attack us this time . ”

Zhao Hai didn’t tell them about him being attacked with Antimagic Powder . In his mind, this matter was not necessary, this information wouldn’t have any influence on them .

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly as he walked towards the walls along with Megan and the others . Randolph couldn’t help but shake his head, he didn’t expect that Megan would trust Zhao Hai this much .

The group quickly arrived at the walls . There were a lot of people on the walls as well . Moreover, magic cannons and ballistas were already prepared there .

Although the walls of Dark Soldier Fort weren’t very high, with all of their preparations, defending it wouldn’t be a problem . Most importantly, the Calci Family was a family of Dark Mages . There were a lot

were a lot of Mages, especially Dark Mages, in the family, their fighting prowess wasn’t something to scoff at .

Standing on the walls were these Mages . Even a 100 thousand strong army wouldn’t be able to occupy Dark Soldier Fort . Attacking it wasn’t a good idea .

However, at this time . Zhao Hai complexion changed . He smiled bitterly and then turned to Randolph and said, “Grandfather, make those Mages in the walls leave, they wouldn’t be able to help . The opposite party has already spread Antimagic Powder on the surrounding forest .

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Randolph’s expression changed, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Really?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “They spread it out immediately . Moreover, the Robert Family had set out ten thousand people, all of them Warriors . Their ranks aren’t low either . ”

Randolph stared, he decided to believe Zhao Hai as he nodded . Then he issued a command that was received by the people . Before long, all the Mages on the walls went back inside the fort .

From what he saw in the monitor, Zhao Hai knew that the other party was well prepared . The Warriors already had their weapons prepared . Zhao Hai smiled faintly, he wanted to see how the other party wishes to proceed .

At the same time, he increased the range of the monitor and saw a group of people scaling up Dark Mountain . This people might be the ones preparing to assault the fort .

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then in the dim night, he released his undead and made them encircle the attackers . When he makes a move on the attackers later, he wanted to make sure that nobody gets to escape .

Right now, Randolph had a very serious expression, he didn’t expect the other party to place this much capital on this one attack . For them to use this much Antimagic powder meant that they were preparing to exterminate the Calci Family .

In any time of the year, eradicating the Calci Family wouldn’t be easy . However, God’s Grace Day has just passed, all of the important members of the family were currently present inside Dark Soldier Fort . If the fort gets attacked this time, the Calci Family would really be ended .





* * *


  












Chapter 478 – Disgusting

If one wants to defeat a Great Clan like the Calci Family, he would need to eliminate all of their leaders and elites . If those important personnel were to vanish, the family wouldn’t dare show themselves in the continent anymore . This was because Great Clans held great benefits, and the interests that they control are too great . Ordinarily, they would use this interest to gather good talents and then use it to grow their power .

When their leaders and elites vanish, all of these benefits and interests would instead become a curse to the Clan .

Because of this, this fort of the Calci Family cannot be defeated . At the same time, the Robert Family cannot lose as well . When they dealt with Zhao Hai before, they never thought that they would fail . Then sent out a great number of 8th ranks and they even used Antimagic Powder to defeat him to ensure its success . But unfortunately, they failed .

Not only did it fail, the Antimagic Powder was also made known to Zhao Hai . Now, it was not only Zhao Hai who knew, the Calci Family were now aware as well, and it wouldn’t take a long time for the entire continent to hear about it . Once Mages knew that the Robert Family held Antimagic Powder, they won’t be simply eliminated, no member of the family will be safe, and the execution would surely be ruthless .

This made the Robert Family decide to use all of their strength in dealing with the Calci Family . They must destroy the Calci Family in one clean swoop .

At this moment, the current situation within Dark Soldier Fort wasn’t good . The Calci Family was a Mage Clan, they held great importance to their Mages and not so much to their Warriors . Because of this, Mages populated the family . With Zhao Hai’s proposal, all the Mages were made to retreat from the walls . Now, there were only a few people left .

Zhao Hai was also aware of this situation . At this time, Smith came with a few people, all of them Mages . They were all members of the Calci Family, they couldn’t





withdraw .

Third Grandfather and Juwan also walked together with them . Their complexions were difficult to describe . Although they have differences with Randolph, they weren’t fools . They knew that once the Calci Family is over, they won’t be able to survive . Only when the Calci Family survives will they have a good life .

The two also walked towards Randolph’s side, they weren’t in the mood to talk with Zhao Hai . Third Grandfather turned to Randolph and said, “Patriarch, why did you remove those Mages from the walls? If they are taken off, who will defend the fort?”

Randolph looked at him and shorted, “Think about it, why would I remove those Mages? Can’t you feel it? The other party has already spread a massive amount of Antimagic Powder . If I don’t remove the Mages, they would only be standing there waiting for death . ”

Third Grandfather stared, then immediately went to feel the surroundings before his complexion became ugly . He felt that the Magic elements in the entire Dark Mountain were going extremely sluggish . With the situation of the elements like this, there was no way for a Mage to cast formidable magic spells . One could say that Mages became useless in such an environment .

Smith and the others also felt it, all of their expressions were quite ugly . Smith quickly said, “Father, how about we make the Mages escape through the secret passage, make them attack from outside the mountain?”

Randolph shook his head and said, “That’s useless . Even if they go out of the mountain, the opposite party still had Antimagic Powder in their hands, they can use it anytime . ”

Right now, Peter and the others had no other ideas . The family paid too little attention towards Warriors . If they placed importance to the Warriors the same way as they did to their Mages, their family wouldn’t have reached this predicament .

Zhao Hai looked at the group and faintly smiled, “Grandfather, everybody, you don’t need to worry . The opponent only sent a bit more than 10 thousand people . Rest assured, we’re fine, I’ll take care of it . ”

The eyes of the people couldn’t help but focus on Zhao Hai . They thought





thought about what Zhao Hai said back at the lobby, he wasn’t affected by Antimagic Powder .

Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and said, “That’s right . Little Hai, since you aren’t affected, solve this quickly, blow those Antimagic Powder away . ”

Zhao Hai knit his brows, “There’s too many . Even if I can, it wouldn’t take a short time . Also, the enemy wouldn’t give us that much time . ” Just as Zhao Hai finished talking, a group of Warriors stepped out from the woods in into the front of Dark Soldier fort . They all wore armor and had weapons in their hands .

These were Heavy Armor Infantry, one of the most formidable types of unit in the continent . Their bodies were completely encased within a thick full body armor . They had a kite shield in one hand while a pear was held in the other . Now they have set up their shields and spear in a formation as they advanced slowly towards the fort’s walls .

Then they jammed their shields on the ground, with its front facing the fort . The shields were linked together, forming a firm wall . While they were connected, there was some holes present here and there, enough for their spears to be securely placed .

Behind the Heavy Infantry were large quantities of bowmen . Magic Cannons and Ballistas were powerful, however, they weren’t convenient to move . Moreover, they had already spread Antimagic Powder, Magic Cannons couldn’t be used well, it’s attacking power would be reduced significantly .

Bowmen aren’t people to be scoffed at either . They were using longbows constructed in a way that it can at least be shot from 200 steps away . With Warriors wielding them, it was possible to shoot at 400 steps . Moreover, they could fire 40 times, their attacking strength was not small .

Behind the Bowmen and the Heavy Infantry were soldiers in leather armor . They were armed with swords and shields, some of them carried ladders and ropes .

Seeing this display, Randolph immediately issued his orders to have the people on the wall prepare . Zhao Hai looked at the attackers and couldn’t help but smile . This arrangement was very good,





very good, however, their numbers are too few, they wouldn’t be able to survive the assault of his undead .

Randolph stood at the walls and stared at the slowly approaching formation . He coldly snorted and said, “Robert Patriarch, you really went all out . I’ve always treated you as a friend . But you actually came to destroy my family, come out and see me . ”

Zhao Hai stared for a moment and then smiled . If he was the Robert Family Patriarch, he wouldn’t come out and meet Randolph . Such an encounter might leave loose ends .

Unfortunately, Zhao Hai guessed incorrectly . When Randolph’s voice fell, a voice was heard shortly afterwards, “Randolph, you’re really naive . Do you think that with our current position, we would treat you as a genuine friend? Your Calci Family is a family of Mages, you’re finished . Hahaha . What do you think? Does the Antimagic Powder taste good?”

Randolph coldly snorted and said, “Robert Patriarch, what good would killing the Calci Family do to you? As long as people knows about your possession of Antimagic Powder, your Robert Family is finished . ”

Robert Patriarch laughed and said, “Know? Who will inform them? Since all of you will die today, it would be impossible to pass this information . I’ll tell you, I’ve asked all of my family’s 9th ranks to deal with your family . Even if you use your secret passage, they would be able to find out about it . ”

Randolph was startled, then his face changed . He gritted his teeth and said, “Good, Robert Patriarch, good . Worthy of the Savage Wolf emblem, you’re ruthless enough . But you can be sure that we, the Calci Family, aren’t going to go down easily . If you want to eliminate us, you will have to pay a great price . ”

Robert Patriarch smiled and said, “Of course we’ll pay a great price, but that doesn’t matter . As long as we extinguish your Calci Family, we would be able to gain the resources to become the most powerful Clan in the Continent, hahaha . Compared to the price I paid, the benefits that I will obtain would certainly be more . ”

Randolph’s expression was now pale .

pale . Zhao Hai looked at Randolph and smiled faintly, “Grandpa Randolph, consider this matter finished . No need to be angry with that crazy dog . Did he really think that they would win? Hehe, too laughable . ”

Naturally, Robert Patriarch heard Zhao Hai, but he didn’t respond . At this time, a carriage slowly approached Dark Soldier Fort . This carriage didn’t have a roof, and it only had a chair and a table . Sitting in it was an old man clothed in Warrior clothes . On the table in front of him, there was a bottle of liquor and a wine glass . The person looked very tall, but he was also very thin . With the way he wore his clothes, he seemed to be very relaxed . His slender eyes seemed to flash with green light in this dark night .

The old person’s green eyes looked straight at Zhao Hai and coldly snorter, “Ignorant junior . Do you think that you’re already formidable just by by defeating some second rate warriors of the continent? I must let you know that compared to my Grandson Terry, you fall too short . ”

Just as the old man’s voice fell, hoofbeats can be heard as a big white horse appeared and went to the side of the old man’s carriage . The horse was very big and tall, very much like a Demon Horse, four meters in height . Sitting on it was a fully armored Knight, the Knight wore silver body armor . He had a long spear in one hand and his helmet in the other . His sword was inserted in it sheath at the side of the saddle . The man looked very handsome .

Zhao Hai looked at the person and saw that it was Terry . He was dressed up as a genuine Knight, looking very eye-catching .

Seeing his appearance, Zhao Hai smiled and then whispered to Megan, “This guy really likes to pretend to be an honorable knight . But he actually has a vile heart . ”

Megan snorted and said, “When we were children, I didn’t think too much about his appearance . But now, when I look at him, I really feel disgusted . ”





* * *


  












Chapter 479 – All Of My Enemies, Kill Them!

Terry didn’t think the same, he was feeling really good right now . His family had already surrounded the Dark Soldier Fort of the Calci Family . He had never felt this elated before .

Seeing Zhao Hai and Megan on the wall, Terry sneered and said, “Megan, have you ever thought that this day would come? I’ve shown my interest to you all these years, but what did you do? You chose Zhao Hai instead of me, today, I will make you regret that decision . ”

Megan looked at Terry’s appearance and coldly snorted, “Of course I’d choose Big Brother Hai and not you . You don’t even compare to Big Brother Hai’s little finger . ”

Zhao Hai said, “Megan, no need to exaggerate, how can you say that to Mister Terry? Why did you say that he can’t compare to my finger? He is well worthy to be on the same level as my little finger . ”

When Megan and the others heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but smile . They knew that Zhao Hai rarely cracked a joke . But even in this situation, he still managed to say one, this made them appreciate Zhao Hai’s temperament .

Megan smiled and said, “Right, just as what Brother Hai said, Terry, you’re comparable to his little finger . That’s why I didn’t choose you . ”

Terry’s face turned pale when he heard Megan and Zhao Hai’s exchange . His dashing appearance completely disappeared from his face . He looked fiercely at Megan and said, “Why are you smiling, do you really think that you can deal with me?”

Zhao Hai looked at Terry’s face and smiled faintly, “I didn’t want to take care of you this soon, but since you came to the front door, why wouldn’t I grant your wish? Seeing you so rampant, I think it’s time for your life to end . ”

When Terry heard what Zhao Hai just said, his face couldn’t help but turn black, then he said, “Enough wasting breath, today, I will make sure you die without a proper burial . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Terry and smiled, “In the past, those who wished me death didn’t bade well






Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as he had Alien appear, Zhao Hai and the girls disappeared from the wall as well and entered Alien’s body . Alien opened its mouth as Zhao Hai’s voice boomed out, “One of the worst mistake that your Robert Family did was being enemies with me!”

As his voice fell, the Robert Family suddenly saw their lines being disrupted, undead creatures were appearing . As soon as the undead appeared, they immediately attacked the Warriors of the Robert Family . Now, the family’s formation was a mess .

And at this time, Alien jumped down from the wall . While it jumped down from the walls, it was also followed by some figures . Randolph and the others stared, those who jumped down with Zhao Hai were actually undead cavalry .

These undead cavalry were in the shape of Beastmen . Skeletal versions of a tall bullheaded Beastman was sitting on a horned bulls . When they fell to the ground, they produced a small indent on the surface . They seemed to be unaffected by their force of impact as they jumped over the fort’s moat and immediately attacked the Robert Family .

Randolph and the others were very startled when they saw Zhao Hai’s strength . These undead that Zhao Hai released were very different that what normal Dark Mages would summon . Their clan was a family of Dark Mages, they had researched summoning magic . However, they always managed to summon inferior undead . After each fight, those undead would need to be maintained well, otherwise, their strength would continually grow weak . Also, they weren’t a match against general Warriors, they can only use their numbers as an advantage .

But Zhao Hai’s undead didn’t fit any of these descriptions . Their fighting strength was extremely formidable . They aren’t any weaker than an 8th ranked expert . This strength made Randolph and the others extremely surprised .

What is most important was their numbers . These undead were numerous, from what they can count, Zhao Hai had already released about ten thousand . And the undead were still





still continuing to rush towards the Robert Family’s troops, their numbers constantly increasing .

One could say that it didn’t even take five minutes before Zhao Hai managed to destroy the Robert Family’s siege line-up . The undead already broke their formation, it was impossible for them to recover .

At this time, Alien was stood in front of the fort’s bridge, its big mouth opened as Zhao Hai’s voice sounded out, “Hahaha, Robert Family, do you really believe that you can deal with this Zhao Hai? Hahaha . Since, you’re already here, let me tell you . While I attended your banquet tonight, all of your businesses outside the capital have already been destroyed, your people all killed . Not only did we kill your people, we also looted everything and burned all of the infrastructure . Even if you didn’t act this night, your family would still be finished tomorrow . It’s very ridiculous that you still think that you can deal with me . ”

Robert Patriarch and Terry recoved, ever since Zhao Hai’s attack began, the two of them were staring blankly . When Zhao Hai’s voice was heard, they came back to normal and changed their faced . They believed Zhao Hai’s words because there was no need for him to tell a lie at this moment .

From the present situation, Zhao Hai’s undead held the upper hand . It seems like the attack on the Calci Family was already going to fail . Zhao Hai had no reason to deceive them .

Robert Patriarch’s complexion was pale, he coldly snorted and said, “Ignorant junior . You’re quite proud of your undead, but can they contest against 9th rank experts? I request the elders to make a move, my Robert Family has reached a life and death moment!”

Zhao Hai’s voice came again, “Do you think that if you have a few 9th rank experts, you can change the outcome? It’s useless, since I’ve decided to deal with your Robert Family, nobody can save you!”

At this time, a cold voice was heard, “Can nobody really save them? I don’t believe you . My Robert Family has existed in the continent for more than 1000 years . With just your





just your strength, exterminating my Robert Family is just a dream!”

Zhao Hai lifted his head and saw several human shapes floating in the air . All of them had a Warrior’s appearance . Zhao Hai looked at them and counted ten 9th rank experts .

Without waiting for Zhao Hai to speak, a voice suddenly sounded out from inside Dark Soldier Fort, “Savage Wolf’s Evil Sword, I didn’t think that you’re still alive, Hahaha . Good, I thought that I wouldn’t be able to settle our enmity in this life . Today, we can finally settle the account between us . ” Along with the voice, seven figures appeared from the Calci Family . Six of them were dressed like Mages while one of them wore a Warrior’s clothing . Even if the mountain was filled with Antimagic Powder, its potency was too weak to affect these 9th ranks .

At this time, the 9th rank named Evil Sword laughed and said, “Dark Demon, I also didn’t think that you’re still alive . In the past, you’re not my match, now, you’re still not on my level . Although the Antimagic Powder isn’t very effective against 9th ranks, you’re still very restricted in your actions, feel it, your strength should be 80% compared to usual, right? Appearing this time is the same as courting death . In any case, without killing you, we won’t be able to ensure the Calci Family’s destruction . ”

Without waiting for Dark Demon to speak, Alien suddenly vanished from the bridge, exposing Zhao Hai’s group underneath the 9th rank experts . When Randolph saw this, he was startled, he knew how terrifying 9th rank experts were . If Zhao Hai appeared, a 9th rank would only need to move a finger in order to erase him .

When Zhao Hai appeared on the bridge, he looked at Evil Sword and Dark Demon before opening his mouth, “Sorry for the disturbance . If you want to chat, go find a suitable place . I don’t want you standing on my head while you talk . ”

Evil Sword looked down at Zhao Hai then coldly snorted,” Ignorant Junior, die !” His hand moved as Sword Qi, whistled forward and headed towards

and headed towards Zhao Hai’s direction .

Randolph felt his heart skip a beat . At this time, Zhao Hai moved and grabbed a whip . Seeing Zhao Hai wanting to meet his Sword Qi with a whip made Evil Sword sneer, in his mind, it was impossible for a whip to meet his Sword Qi .

However, he couldn’t believe his eyes with what he just saw next . The whip just blew the Sword Qi away, just like how a fan disperses smoke .

Zhao Hai received the whip and then looked at Evil Sword, “Daring to injure me meant that you and my Buda Family are now enemies . I ask my Buda Clan’s protectors to please come in!”

As Zhao Hai’s voice fell, ten large figures suddenly appeared from the forest . These figures didn’t belong to humans, but instead they were in the form of beasts . These were 9th rank experts from the Carrion Swamp .

Zhao Hai didn’t send a lot of 9th ranks, only ten . Moreover, these ten weren’t the strongest 9th ranks from the swamp, but instead, they were the weakest ten . However, these ten were enough to deal with Robert Family’s 9th rank experts .

After these ten beast appeared, they immediately flew towards Zhao Hai while shrinking their bodies at the same time . When they arrived in front of him, they gave a bow to Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The enemies of my Buda Clan, kill them!” The beasts gave Zhao Hai a nod before flying into the air .

One of these ten was a 9th ranked eagle, he looked towards Evil Sword while using spiritual transmission to shout, “What audacity, to actually dare oppose our Buda Clan . Today, all of you will die!” Then all of the ten 9th ranks rushed towards Evil Sword’s group . There wasn’t any politeness at all, there wasn’t much that was said .

At this time, it doesn’t matter if they were from the Calci Family of the Robert Family, all of them were very shocked . They didn’t expect the Buda Clan that was previously exiled to have ten 9th rank experts, moreover, they were actually Magic Beasts!





* * *


  












Chapter 480 – Rooting Out the Source of Trouble

Most importantly, they had noted how these 9th ranks treated Zhao Hai . One must know that 9th ranks belong to the top influences in the Continent . It was impossible for them to give someone a salute . Even if they gave respects, it would only be to another 9th rank . No matter what your status was, if you’re below their ranks they would never salute to you . This matter didn’t exempt even the Rosen Empire’s monarch .

However these ten 9th ranks of the Buda Clan actually gave Zhao Hai a bow . It was completely different from how other 9th ranks treat their patron families .

Randolph and the others weren’t the only ones who were startled by this scene, the other 9th rank experts stared as well . THey didn’t think that those 9th rank Beasts would act like this .

It was universally known that 9th rank Magic Beasts have an edge over 9th rank Humans . At the same time, they were also more arrogant than the Humans, it was very hard for a Human to come into contact with them, therefore making it impossible for a family to have them as a foreign elder . But this impossible thing was actually achieved by Zhao Hai .

However, the 9th ranks weren’t given enough time to think about this as the Buda Clan’s 9th ranks met with Evil Sword’s group . The scene of 20 9th ranks fighting was then witnessed .

Dark Demon looked at this development, he didn’t expect that people would interfere with his family’s matter . Moreover, they were 10 9th rank experts . This force was more formidable than the Calci Family .

Megan and the others just stood with Zhao Hai and didn’t make a move . They knew that the other party wouldn’t be able to escape . With only 10 9th ranks, Zhao Hai already held the upper hand, not to mention the 30 others still inside the Space .

Randolph blankly stared as Zhao Hai’s group chatted . Randolph’s heart was extremely terrified right now, he wasn’t terrified about the fact that Zhao Hai was strong, he was scared because of their earlier matter .

Initially, he wanted to ask a 9th rank expert to deal with Zhao Hai . If this





went forward, the Calci Family would surely suffer bad luck .

The fight with the 9th ranks this time cannot be finished in a short time . Although the Buda Clan’s 9th ranks have the upper hand, it would be impossible for them to quickly deal with the 9th ranks of the Robert Family . The fight continued on .

At this time, Dark Demon’s group also made their move . Initially, Evil Sword’s group was able to hold on . But with Dark Demon’s group coming in, they can already feel a sense of danger .

While the fighting in the skies continued, the battle on the ground was coming to an end . At this time, Zhao Hai had all the undead surrounding Dark Mountain close in to prevent any stragglers from escaping .

At this time Robert Patriarch and Terry’s face were as bitter as chinese goldthread . They have never thought that the situation would turn into this . [1]

Terry looked at Zhao Hai with eyes that seem to be spouting fire . He felt that his whole life was left to ruin by Zhao Hai . Everything he had was snatched away from him . The only thing in his mind right now was to kill Zhao Hao .

While thinking about this, Terry inserted his hand into his chest . In his chest, there was an ancient Magic Scroll . Ancient Scrolls were passed down from ancient times, but most of them weren’t of good quality . There were only a few of them who were very useful, some of them even contained formidable magic spells .

The Magic Scroll that Terry has was special, as long as someone ripped it open, one can transfer to another person instantaneously within a radius of a hundred li(50km) . This scroll was very rare, there were only a few of them present at this time .

Terry knew that Zhao Hai’s whip wasn’t simple, it should be one of those Ancient Artifacts with special magical attributes . However, the whip was currently used as Zhao Hai’s belt . Zhao Hai was a Mage so he shouldn’t have the quick reflexes of a warrior . As long as the used the scroll and teleported to Zhao Hai’s side, he should be able to kill him in one blow .

Terry wasn’t thinking of anything





anything else other than killing Zhao Hai . Seeing that Zhao Hai was talking with Megan and wasn’t observing him at all, he immediately took the scroll out .

It was not only Zhao Hai, there was nobody who was paying attention to Terry . All of them were attracted to the fighting in the skies . Among the Robert Family’s 9th ranks, three of them were already killed while seven were heavily injured . They wouldn’t be able to last long .

Because their attention was focused on the sky, nobody looked at Terry since the battle on the ground was already finished . In their opinion, those on the ground were insignificant compared to those at the skies .

At this moment, Terry’s eyes flashed a cold light as he quickly tore the Magic Scroll into shreds . A white light them shot up into the sky, making people shift their gazes .

When the white light vanished, Terry disappeared from this present location and reappeared two meters right beside Zhao Hai . He immediately brandished his spear as he stabbed towards Zhao Hai .

The spear emitted a fiery radiance, indicating that Battle Qi was used to increase the effectivity of the strike . At this time, Randolph and the others pales, Megan and the others gasped .

When everyone thought that Zhao Hai would die, Zhao Hai immediately waved his Magic Staff towards Terry’s spear, *Ting* Then the strike was averted .

Terry looked at Zhao Hai with a surprised expression . Zhao Hai looked at Terry and said, “What? You think this can kill me? Are you this naive? I forgot to tell you, I actually cultivate both Magic and Battle Qi . ” Then he waved his hand as his Magic Staff turned into a sword . Then he slashed towards the leg of Terry’s horse .

Terry immediately responded and pulled the reins . The Demon Horse not only evaded Zhao Hai’s strike by raising its legs, it also directed a kick towards Zhao Hai’s head .

Compared to Zhao Hai’s head, the horse’s hoof was much bigger . If this hoof gets in contact with Zhao Hai, his head would certainly turn into something like a smashed watermelon .

But Zhao Ha’s response was very quick . His body immediately moved and moved towards the belly of the horse . His staff lengthened





staff lengthened and stabbed towards the belly of the beast, and also penetrating Terry’s body .

The staff immediately shortened as Zhao Hai moved away from Terry . Terry continued to sit on his horse as he stared at Zhao Hai with an unbelieving expression . Then his body shook before he fell down with a thud, followed along by his horse .

Zhao Hai’s fight made the crowd turn their attention towards them . Randolph and the others stared blankly at Zhao Hai . They didn’t think that Zhao Hai was a Magic and Battle Qi dual cultivator, moreover, he also had formidable Battle Qi .

Robert Patriarch looked at Terry with a grim face . Terry was the grandson that he valued the most . Now that he died in front of him, Robert Patriarch suddenly felt that he did something wrong .

Zhao Hai looked at Robert Patriarch and coldly snorted, “Robert Family’s Patriarch, I said that the worst thing that your family did was making me your enemy . Now, tell me, did I speak wrong?”

Robert Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai and then burst into laughter, he loudly said, “Good, Zhao Hai, Good, Buda Clan . Starting today, the Robert Family is now erased from the Continent, the Robert Family has lost . Zhao Hai, I only ask one thing, spare the roots of my Robert Family . Can you promise me this?”

Zhao Hai looked at Robert Patriarch and then shook his head, “No, if I don’t cut out the roots, it will sprout come spring . If our enemies completely eliminated the Buda Clan, there would be no Zhao Hai right now . If your family had any newborn children, since they don’t have any understanding, I will spare them . However, I will never let them inherit the Robert Family . I will let them keep their surname, but I will tell them that they have no relationship to you . ”

Robert Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai and couldn’t help but show despair . At the same time he laughed again, “Good Zhao Hai, good . It’s a pity that we don’t have a child like that in our family, an innocent child . Hahaha . I’ve shamed the ancestors, I’ve shamed the ancestors!” He said as he drew his sword and killed himself .

At this time, the forces of the

forces of the Robert Family had all been exterminated, the battle on the sky was finished as well . All of the 9th rank experts of the Robert Family were killed .

Zhao Hai was not polite, beside the Robert Patriarch and Terry, he turned all of the Robert Family’s forces into undead . Then he scanned the area using the monitor to see if they were still some survivors . Only when seeing that there were no enemies did he stop .

At this time, the 9th ranks of the Buda Clan gave Zhao Hai a bow before their bodies flashed and vanished . At this moment, a batch of 9th ranks appeared in the sky . The 9th ranks in this group were numerous, approximately 40 people . But if one would look carefully, one could see that these 9th ranks didn’t belong to a single clan, but different families instead . They came to see what was going on .

Dark Demon met with them and told the 9th ranks what was happening before all of them left . They didn’t care about this matter anymore, in their mind, this has nothing to do with their families . Other than the life and death of their clans, these 9th ranks wouldn’t bat an eyelid at anything else . Worldly matters were always handed over to their juniors .

After the 9th ranks left, Dark Demon turned his head towards Zhao Hai and nodded . Zhao Hai nodded back before his body as he returned to Dark Soldier Fort . The family’s other 9th ranks followed him as well .

Although Dark Demon nodding towards Zhao Hai looked like simple matter, it was a surprising event . Even if these 9th ranks see Randolph, they wouldn’t go out of their way to greet him . Seeing them take the initiative in greeting Zhao Hai showed how they see him in their hearts .

Zhao Hai didn’t think about this right now . He waved his hand as a Blood Hawk appeared . The Blood Hawk then carried the Magic Staff towards the Robert Family’s fort . He must root out the source of the problem . Thus, he sent the Blood Hawk over . [2]






* * *


  












Chapter 481 – Exterminating an Entire Family

Zhao Hai had read too much novels on Earth . The protagonists on those novels share the same feature, they were all hardworking but their hearts were to soft .

Having a soft heart had always been a feature of protagonists . Before they fight against their enemy, they would talk a lot of nonsense before showing their superiority .

Even if Zhao Hai said a lot of words, they were short compared to those main characters . Moreover, his heart was ruthless enough to completely pull out the roots .

Constant good fortune only happens in film and television . In reality, people cannot have too many miracles . When a family is destroyed, it was nearly impossible that one or two heirs that escape would be able to come back for revenge . But that won’t happen, Cai’er was already monitoring the entirety of the Robert Family’s fort, ensuring that there won’t be any survivors . [1]

With the Space’s surveillance, not only the people on the ground were seen, the 9th ranks in the sky as well as the underground passages can be seen . Under such circumstances, there was no way for the Robert Family to run away .

Zhao Hai didn’t like troubles, he also doesn’t like leaving behind something that would inconvenience him . If he handles something, he would make sure to remove all loose ends .

Robert Family might survive, as long as someone stayed behind, there would be a constant possibility of them resurging . Although he didn’t turn Robert Patriarch and Terry into advanced level undead, Zhao Hai knew that the Robert Family wasn’t simple .

Just by their clan’s strength, it was impossible for the Robert Family to acquire and produce Antimagic Powder, it was also impossible for them to have ten 9th rank experts . The Calci Family was considered as one of the top families in the Rosen Empire, and even they have only seven 9th rank experts . Therefore, the Robert Family having three more than them was very unreasonable . Because of this, Zhao Hai believed that Robert Family is part of a huge influence . Their 9th rank experts as well as the Antimagic powder was most likely supplied by





this influence .

While Zhao Hai sent the Blood Hawk to deal with the Robert Family, he started to collect all of the Antimagic Powder that the Robert Family spread all around the mountain .

Because of Zhao Hai’s worries, he hasn’t taken the powder to the Space . But this time, he took the powder and placed it inside the Space .

When the powder entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Radioactive isolation powder detected . Space doesn’t have the formula . Extrapolating formula from ingredients . Added formula to the Processing Machine’s list . Extracting Antimagic Powder’s characteristics, added the property to the Space’s insecticide . ”

Zhao Hai didn’t expect to get the properties of the Antimagic Powder . It seems like the Space’s poison would be stronger in the future . Most importantly, Cai’er’s poison fog could now isolate magic, increasing the security of the Black Wasteland by another level .

Zhao Hai didn’t mean to receive the powder into the Space to obtain its benefits . He just wanted to store it so that he may use it in the future .

While Zhao Hai received all of the Antimagic Powder, he went to manage the matter with the Robert Family . At this moment, the Robert Family no longer had any experts . All that was left in their fort were old and weak . All of these people cannot contend with Zhao Hai’s undead . They didn’t even have the opportunity to fight back .

Zhao Hai didn’t exempt anybody, he even slaughtered the children . All of the members of the Robert Family were now dead . Not a living witness was left . Starting this day, the Robert Family was no more .

Beside this, Zhao Hai had also found the Robert Family’s treasure and storehouse . Without hesitation, he took all of them .

When treating his enemies, Zhao Hai would never be lenient . He knew very well that if he softened this time, he would be the one to suffer in the end . For Zhao Hai, the people who wouldn’t take revenge and won’t be a threat were only one type of people, dead people!

After living in the continent for this amount of time,





time, Zhao Hai had already learned about how to act . If you are too soft, then you will get killed in the end . If you are not ruthless, people would constantly place you under their foot .

He had dealt with Boris’ 9th ranks before, he also slapped the Radiant Church’s face . But even if he managed to shake some people, its influence wasn’t very great . Rosen Empire was the continent’s most powerful nation, it doesn’t matter if they were commoners or nobles, every citizen of the empire held gread pride . Because of this they didn’t care about what Zhao Hai did before . At the very least, the Robert Family didn’t pay any attention to him .

But now, he believed that it would be different . Zhao Hai had taken care of the Robert Family in one swoop . Even if they think that it was the Calci Family who did it, they have to acknowledge that Zhao Hai had a hand in it . Zhao Hai can’t do anything if they place the credit on the Calci Family, but in the end, Zhao Hai was engaged to Megan . This would make people think that Zhao Hai had a powerful backer . These people wouldn’t be thinking so little about Zhao Hai any longer .

After collecting all of the powder, Zhao Hai returned to Dark Soldier Fort . At this moment, people from the fort were sending people to repair the damages in the surroundings . The pits that were caused by the undead were being pounded and levelled . The roadblock as well as the trees can only wait to be repaired tomorrow .

Upon arriving at the fort, people immediately invited Zhao Hai to the fort’s lobby . Randolph and the other high level members of the Calci Family were already waiting for him there .

Zhao Hai gave his greetings to the people in the lobby . This time, there were only a few of them who didn’t return his gesture, there were even some who stood up before giving a salute .

Looking at their behaviour, Zhao Hai couldn’t blame them . People in the continent tend to be realistic, they would only respect strength .





strength . If you are strong enough, then people would give you respect . If you aren’t strong, then they won’t be giving you face .

In the past, although Zhao Hai had some sort of strength, the Calci Family still looked down on him . With how he dealt with the Robert Family, the Calci Family’s people had no choice but to reevaluate how they see this young man .

The strength that Zhao Hai showed today was far from what they thought . Under such circumstances, those present knew that offending Zhao Hai wouldn’t’ be wise . Nobody would help them, even their own family members . If the Calci Family were to choose, they would rather pick Zhao Hai and wouldn’t care about the life and death of an ordinary family member . A big family like them was this practical .

After Zhao Hai sat down, Randolph looked at all the people in attendance and then nodded, “My Calci Family nearly suffered a tragedy today, it was one of our clan’s biggest crisis . We’re fortunate that we have Little Hai, otherwise the Calci Family would have been ended tonight . ”

Nobody disagreed with Randolph’s words, they knew that what Randolph said was true . Because of the Antimagic Powder, all the Mages of the family were unable to use magic . Because of this, the fighting power of the family was greatly affected, even their 9th ranks wouldn’t be able to help them, . Regarding the Calci Family, tonight’s attack was extremely dangerous .

Randolph then said, “Compared to the attack on our family, the matter regarding Antimagic Powder is more important . Our Calci Family is a family of Mages, the appearance of Antimagic Powder was too great of a threat to us . This matter should be figured out and dealt with . ”

Just as his voice fell, someone outside gave a notification . And then four servants came in carrying two bodies, both belonging to the Robert Patriarch and Terry .

Zhao Hai turned all the attackers into undead creatures . Only these two individuals were left untouched . Zhao Hai knew that these two still held great use .

Randolph looked at the two bodies on the ground and said, “Robert Patriarch

said, “Robert Patriarch and Terry are dead, now that there is no Antimagic Powder, we can now turn them into undead . Who is willing to do it?”

In the Calci Family, there was no shortage of Advanced Level Dark Mages, so Randolph asked such a question . Zhao Hai looked at the scene and quickly said, “Grandpa, slow down . I don’t think it would be a good idea to turn them into advanced level undead right now . Although it would be good to make them into undead, the Calci Family cannot deal with the matter of Antimagic Powder alone . This matter should be passed on to the Imperial Clan . The Rosen Imperial Clan is also a Mage family, they should care a lot about the Antimagic Powder . If we turn these two into undead right now, I’m afraid that the Imperial Clan would mistake us for forcing them to admit . Grandfather should bring them tomorrow to the Imperial Palace and then turn them into advanced undead in front of His Majesty . Interrogate them then, that way His Majesty wouldn’t have any suspicions . ”

When Randolph heard Zhao Hai, he immediately understood what he meant . He thought for a moment and then nodded, “Little Hai’s words are true . I think we should delay this matter and bring them to the Imperial Palace tomorrow morning . ”

The other people in the family didn’t oppose . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Grandfather, I just sent my undead to the Robert Family, completely eradicating their line . I’ve also looted all of their treasury and storehouse . However, I didn’t take any bodies away from their fort, Grandpa might like to take them . Also, I have no need for Terry and Robert Patriarch’s space equipment, I’ll give those to Grandfather . ”

When Randolph heard Zhao Hai, he can’t help but stare, he looked at Zhao Hai with an face full of disbelief and said, “Little Hai, did you really kill all of the Robert Family? Are there any survivors?”

Zhao Hai shook his head, “No survivors . I’ve seen their Clan registry . After coordinating their bodies with the descriptions, there shouldn’t be any members left . ”






* * *


  












Chapter 482 – Engraved Ark

Zhao Hai didn’t lie, he really was basing on the list . However, he didn’t use the list outside the family, but instead, he used the one he got from the Robert Family’s treasury . Every single person from the Robert Family was in that list .

From the list that he got, he inspected each member one by one . From the direct line to the side branches, every single one was taken care of, there were no survivors .

Also, since God’s Grace Day has passed, the Robert Family held the same custom as other clans . At this season, all of their members were in their fort . This made it easier for Zhao Hai to deal with them, it was like catching all of the fishes in one net .

A Great Clan like the Robert Family had a lot of matters to take care of as well, if it weren’t because of God’s Grace Day, it would be impossible to see all of the family members in one place . All of them would be spread out, managing their external operations .

However, when God’s Grace Day comes, it was imperative for them to return to the Clan . The family had too many members, if they didn’t return to Savage Wolf fort, the family would certainly place that member into suspicion . They would think that they might have failed in their own assigned operation .

Now, the faces of Randolph and the others were pale as they looked at Zhao Hai . Although they were Dark Mages, they were also Great nobles, they knew how tough it would be to exterminate another Great noble clan . But Zhao Hai actually told them about the elimination of the Robert Family in a nonchalant manner .

When one counted the direct line as well as the branches of the Robert family, they would number between 1 thousand to 2 thousand people . From Zhao Hai’s words, it seems like he had actually killed these 1 or 2 thousand people .

Killing a thousand or 2 thousand people isn’t something strange for someone like the Calci Family . But they knew that there were elderlies, women, and children among the thousand people from the Robert Family . Zhao Hai wasn’t polite, he actually killed them all .





This startled the Calci Family .

Randolph stared deeply into Zhao Hai, this was the first time that he experienced Zhao Hai’s ruthlessness . Thinking of this, he couldn’t help but turn towards Smith . Now, Randolph was inwardly rejoicing, he felt very lucky when he recalled their planned attack on Zhao Hai . Otherwise, the Calci Family might have been completely exterminated .

Taking a deep breath to calm down, Randolph looked at the people in the room and said, “Alright, now everyone should go back and rest . You still have some matters to attend to . ” The crowd nodded before they stood up and left .

Zhao Hai went towards Rustling Tree courtyard along with Smith . While walking with Zhao Hai, Smith said, “Little Hai, did you really extinguish the Robert Family?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I did . I did so not only to eliminate the threat of the Robert Family, but most importantly to showcase my might!”

Smith understood Zhao Hai’s words, he nodded and said, “Alright, I won’t be butting into your matters . Also, Little Hai, are you planning to leave Carson City?”

From what Smith had seen, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to stay here for too long . He had a lot of matters to take care of, it was certain that Zhao Hai would leave the Capital .

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’m ready to leave anytime, but I still need to wait for the results regarding the Robert Family’s matter . What happened would certainly shake the entire continent . ”

Smith sighed and said, “The appearance of Antimagic Powder would really make the situation of the Continent quite turbulent . ” He said as the two of them entered Rustling Tree courtyard . At this time, Zhao Hai returned to his own residence .

Laura and the others were waiting for Zhao Hai in the waiting room . When they saw that Zhao Hai has come back, Laura and the others immediately went and welcomed him . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, did we make a fortune this time?”

Laura and the others were natives of the Ark Continent . They had no qualms regarding Zhao Hai’s extermination of the Robert Family . This was because this matter was very common in the continent, families and clans would disappear





disappear from the map every year . To them this matter wasn’t strange .

Also, they understood the situation back at the Black Wasteland . They knew that the place needed a lot of things, and what it needed the most was money .

When spring comes, a hundred thousand Beastmen slaves would arrive in the Black Wasteland . In managing these 100 thousand slaves, money was extremely crucial . Zhao Hai was also preparing to go buy some slaves in the slave market in Carson City . This will require even more resources, therefore, the thing that the Buda Clan needed the most was money .

But now, in addition to the gold they have gotten from Grand Duke Lionheart, they also acquired the money of the Robert Family . At this point, they didn’t need to worry about managing these slaves .

The accumulated wealth of a millennium-old clan was difficult to imagine . A family as large as the Robert Family would have more than one treasury . The one at Savage Wolf Fort was just one of the biggest vaults that they have . Aside from this one, the Robert Family has secret treasuries in many places that they had built for over a thousand years .

One must know that these things are not cheap to build . Most importantly, this was also built in order for the family to wade through difficulties, allowing them capital to start anew .

But the addresses of these vaults weren’t in the treasury of the Robert Family, but instead it was stored in their secret vault . This vault was made even more covertly than the treasury . They built it in such a way that those who had found the treasury wouldn’t think that the vault exists . Placed in this secret vault were the most important artifacts of the Robert Family as well as their mostly hidden secret documents .

Zhao Hai didn’t have the time to look at all these things . After reading the addresses, he placed them on the side . For Zhao Hai, what they had gotten from the treasury and the secret vault was already enough for the Buda Clan to use .

When Zhao Hai heard Laura, he smiled faintly and said, “Not only a fortune, it was a mountain of fortune . What we





What we got was enough for our Buda Clan to use . ”

Laura and the others cheered, they knew clearly how important money was to the Buda Clan . Once could say that aside from population and background, the Buda Clan was now comparable with a millennium-old clan .

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and smiled . He was very happy as well . What he obtained from Savage Wolf fort would strengthen the backbone of the Buda Clan . For Zhao Hai, this was very good news .

The group chatted for a while before the entered the Space . They had obtained so much from the Robert Family, they wanted to go and take a look .

Inside the Space, Zhao Hai immediately withdrew all of the things that he had looted from the Robert Family . Each person divided the loot and inspected them one by one .

Zhao Hai held the document about the location of the other vaults . Aside from Savage Wolf fort, the Robert Family also had 12 other secret vaults outside . The total value of these vaults was five times more than the contents of the vault from Savage Wolf fort . This was a huge fortune for Zhao Hai, he gave the document to Cai’er and made her mark the locations on the three-dimensional map . Now, they can easily see where those vaults are located,

Laura held another document, after reading for a while, her complexion changes as she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you should look at this right now . ”

Zhao Hai placed the document in the hand down, and took the document that Laura was reading . The document that Laura held described an organization . From what Zhao Hai has read, the organization was named Engraved Ark . All of the people in this group held numbers, but they had a huge population . Moreover, Zhao Hai had seen the mission of the group, it was to subvert the entire Ark Continent .

Not only were they hostile to Mages, they also hostile to Warriors, Royal Clans, and nobles . One could say that the group held negative sentiment towards all of the people in Ark Continent .

The Antimagic Powder was produced by them . Moreover, they were also researching other things . Some of them

Some of them were drugs, from what Zhao Hai had read, these drugs had the same effect as viruses on Earth .

This was too scary, Zhao Hai suddenly remembered a word from Earth, Anti-humanity . The vision of this organization had some anti-human elements to it . They wouldn’t stop before they make the entire human species vanish .

Zhao Hai’s face was very ugly while he was reading the document . Although this document had some introductions for the organization, important aspects of its operation was rarely written . All of its members used a code number, and they also couldn’t use this code to trace the origin of the member . The organization’s means of sending information was all through encrypted means . Once something goes wrong, the organization would immediately change the way they encrypt their messages . Because of this, Zhao Hai ruled that it would be impossible to find this organization .

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “It looks like we need to hand this document over . This information isn’t simple . If this organization succeeds in its plans, the Ark Continent would certainly suffer a disaster . ”

Laura nodded and said, “I’m thinking the same, Brother Hai, what do you think? Are they people of the Ark Continent? Why would they want the destruction of the continent?”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Nobody knows what these people are thinking about . But I can affirm that these people are lunatics . ”

Megan sighed and said, “Big Brother Hai, are you going to give this to Grandpa? I think that it won’t be good if we participate deeply in this matter . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll hand this over to Grandfather . No matter what these people wanted to do, it wouldn’t affect our Buda Clan . After all, there was no way for these people to enter the Black Wasteland . Right, go and see if there are more documents about this organization . ”

Megan and the others nodded . The group continued to read the document that they acquired from the Robert Family . Unfortunately, they were unable to find any other information about the group . There were some information about the other families in the continent, all of these would be very useful to Great Clans .





* * *


  












Chapter 483 – Eternal Alliance

For Zhao Hai, these materials were very useful . His current understanding about the carious Great Clans of the continent was pitifully small . With the Buda Clan having no intelligence unit, acquiring information about these families was very hard .

The other documents were not very useful . Most of them were internal data about the Robert Family . But these information were no longer useful for Zhao Hai, the Robert Family was already exterminated by him . Those data were equivalent to waste paper at this point .

The group organized these documents, some were discarded, some were saved . After that, Zhao Hai and the others went to rest .

The next morning, Zhao Hai took the document about Engraved Ark out of the Space . After eating their breakfast, he immediately handed the document over to Randolph . After that, he went out of the fort to release some undead and made them clean the toppled trees of Dark Mountain .

When Randolph saw the document, he was startled . Then he immediately took Robert Patriarch’s and Terry’s bodies with him as he rushed towards the imperial palace .

The emperor naturally knew about the happenings last night . Of the 9th ranks who went to check the fighting yesterday, some of them belonged to the Royal Clan . Even if those 9th ranks didn’t say too much, they still passed the information about the conflict at the very least .

Randolph gave the document as well as the corpses over to the Emperor . The Emperor immediately had someone call the Royal Dark Mage over to turn Terry and Robert Patriarch into advanced level undead before interrogating them .

In the end, all the matters were made clear . From Robert Patriarch and Terry’s mouths, they admitted that they were members of Engraved Ark . Moreover, the Antimagic Powder was mostly manufactured by the organization .

Regarding these matters, the Rosen Empire immediately published the document out to the world . At the same time, they also communicated with the other nations of the continent, making them pay special attention to anything involving Engraved Ark .

Rosen Empire was the continent’s most influential nation, their rallying power was formidable . With how they were perceived by the entire continent, this time’s announcement from the Empire naturally turned the continent in an uproar .

Zhao Hai did not seem to care about these things at all . He spent one day in taking care of Dark Mountain and then stayed in his residence from then on .

Green and the others were still uninformed about last night’s battle . Zhao Hai wanted to tell them and ask about what they think .

Zhao Hai didn’t worry too much about Engraved Ark . All of the people under him were slaves, and slaves weren’t allowed to be members of the organization . For Engraved Ark, slaves held zero value, therefore, it was impossible for them to join .

Moreover, Zhao Hai had also read from the document that the population of Engraved Ark was relatively small . However, Zhao Hai believed that the status of those people





mustn’t be low . Otherwise, how could those people pull the Robert Family over into joining them . [1]

On the other side, people were in an uproar . They had just been informed that the Robert Family had been eliminated . When they received this new, all of them were very surprised . They cannot believe that one of the most powerful families in the continent was now nonexistent . This was too unbelievable .

Afterwards, the Imperial Palace had released some news, which made them even more startled . Antimagic Powder, Engraved Ark, all of these things seemed to be from their imaginations . After their initial uproar, people couldn’t help but turn speechless .

And then, another information from the Calci Family came, which made everyone shocked silly . This information actually said that the Robert Family’s demise was accomplished under Zhao Hai’s hands .

But this information was something that majority of the people from Rosen Empire didn’t believe . Then, another piece of news was passed on . All of the Robert Family’s stores outside of the capital have been destroyed . All of their personnel were killed, their goods were looted, and lastly, their shops burned . It can be said that the Robert Family’s final chance of survival went up in smoke . From this day on, the Robert Family became just a word in the history of the Ark Continent .

These news went like bombs as it exploded inside the minds of all the residents of Rosen Empire . Millenium-old clans were much like the symbols of invincibility in the Continent . The number of Millenium-old clans that were exterminated in the entire history of the continent can be counted on one hand . Almost all of them were done from the inside, they all perished due to internal conflict . On the other hand, the Robert Family was actually destroyed completely by someone else .

In the past, when a millennium-old clan dissolved, there were generally some survivors left . But for the Robert Family, there wasn’t anyone left, all of their members were killed . This was too terrifying .

The Great Nobles of the continent were startled as well . They were even more startled when the Calci Family spread the fact that the extermination was Zhao Hai’s doing . Naturally, these people didn’t believe that it was Zhao Hai, one person cannot defeat the Robert Family . However, they were certain that Zhao Hai had a huge hand in the operation .

Now, all of them are changing the way they see Zhao Hai . The Calci Family’s strength was similar to the Robert Family . The Calci Family destroying the Robert Family was impossible . But now that Zhao Hai joined the Calci Family, they were actually able to eliminate the Robert Family . If they didn’t believe that this was because of Zhao Hai, then they might as well kill themselves for their stupidity .

Because of this, these Great Clans were now scared . Now that the Calci Family had united with the Buda Clan, their cooperation was much more formidable . Zhao





Zhao Hai was far from what they previously thought; a playboy who liked playing around, eating and others .

Starting from today, all of the Great Nobles in Rosen Empire began to look seriously into Zhao Hai . His image of a playboy had now vanished .

The dissemination of information in the continent was very quick . In a day’s time, almost everyone in the continent knew of this matter . All the Mages in the continent became insecure . At the same time, all of the nation’s Mage’s guild decreed at once that all Mages must unite and look for this Engraved Ark, they must destroy this organization . Otherwise, if this group’s plans were to succeed, and they produce a lot of Antimagic Powder, all of the Mages in the continent would suffer a huge accident .

Right now, the thing that was in Zhao Hai’s mind was how this organization came to be . How this organization started, how they became a secret . From what Zhao Hai had heard, this information seem to have their own faith .

Faith was mysterious, people in the continent had different faiths . Warriors worship the Martial God, Light Mages worship the Radiant God, Dark Mages worship the God of Darkness, Wind Mages worship the Wind God, Water Mages worship the Water God, Fire mages worship the Fire God, Earth Mages worship the Earth God, Elves worship the God of Life, Beastmen worship the Beast God, and the Dwarves worship the Artisan God . But the Engraved Ark’s source of faith was actually out of the norm, what they worshipped seem to a Demon .

Why ‘seem’? This was because Zhao Hai had no concrete testimony that the organization worshipped a Demon . However, Zhao Hai had seen an image from the back of the document, it was a portrait of a devil . The devil had eight arms, three heads, six feet, and looked extremely terrifying . From this, Zhao Hai inferred that the Engraved Ark worshipped a Demon .

Zhao Hai knew that if a person didn’t have faith, he wouldn’t be such a lunatic . It was because of faith that people did overly extreme things .

While Zhao Hai was ruminating on these matter, a servant immediately came bearing a message that Jason had come to visit . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he had the servant invite Jason to come in .

Jason was different from his usual wacky and joking face, now he had a serious expression on his face . Zhao Hai made him sit down and had the servant retreat . Then Jason turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, are you really responsible for what happened last night? Is the Engraved Ark real? Did the Robert Family really use Antimagic Powder?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I am, but my initial intention was to destroy all of the Robert Family’s businesses . I didn’t expect the Robert Family to assassinate me, moreover, they actually used Antimagic Powder . But since they were defeated, they became afraid that the Antimagic were to be made known to others, so they attacked Dark Soldier Fort . Later on, they





on, they were eliminated by the Calci Family . Then, I went to kill all of the remaining Robert Family members before looting their treasury . It was there that I managed to uncover the matter about Engraved Ark . ”

Jason’s face had a heavy expression, he nodded and said, “I believe that this organization is real . You don’t know, but before I came here, I rummaged some data from my family and managed to see that there were a lot of strong Mages that suddenly died in the past . Moreover, their death actually didn’t involve them using any magic . These cases became one the mysteries of the continent . Now it seems like these incidents were caused by Engraved Ark, they were using Antimagic Powder . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he truly didn’t know about this, he looked at Jason and said, “Really? There was such a thing?”

Jason nodded and said, “I just figured that out . As far as the information that my Crook Family has, there were at least 100 Mage deaths in the last ten years alone . 20 of them were 8th rank experts . But nobody thought more into these incidents, after all, these people came from different nations, their deaths were very far apart . But now that new information came about, people would certainly think that there was something wrong with the deaths of these Mages . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It seems like this Engraved Ark has existed for quite a long time . No wonder they had such strength, but it’s a pity that there was no way to find out about their identity . ”

Jason nodded, then his face turned serious as he looked at Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, today I came to look for you because of Grandfather’s proposal . He wanted my Crook Family and your Buda Clan to be in an eternal alliance starting this day . What do you think?”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect the Crook Family to initiate forming an Eternal Alliance with him . This Eternal Alliance wasn’t easy to enact . There were too many people involved in it and there were too many matters to consider .

The Eternal Alliance was also called the Ironclad Union by the people of the continent . When two families form an Eternal Alliance, if one of them falls, the other would have to help them recover and achieve their previous strength . This alliance had the same meaning as a Beastman’s Beheading Blood Oath .

Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he became happy . The Crook Family’s influence in the Rosen Empire wasn’t much smaller than millenium-old clans . If Zhao Hai forms an Eternal Alliance with such a family, then his Buda Clan would benefit a lot from it .

Zhao Hai immediately nodded happily and said, “I fully agree . But I still have a few reservations . Just by our relationship, forming this alliance seems to be wrong . ”

When Jason heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “I’ll go back to grandfather and express your concern . If you have time, go to my family’s fort and

family’s fort and play . You can also discuss this matter with the family . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, I’ll go there tomorrow . ” Then as he said that, a knock was heard . Zhao Hai immediately responded and said, “What’s the problem?”

The servant’s voice was heard, “Young Master Zhao Hai, the Patriarch had sent a message . His Majesty, the Emperor, wishes to see you in the palace immediately . He said that he has an important matter to consult with . ”

Zhao Hai stared, Jason stared as well . They looked at each other, confused . But Zhao Hai immediately recovered and said, “Alright, I’ll go tidy my clothes and then I’ll immediately leave . ” The servant issued a sound of compliance as he walked .

Zhao Hai frowned towards Jason and said, “Why do you think his Majesty called for me?”

Jason also frowned as he replied, “I really cannot say, but it should have a something to do about what happened yesterday . You should go, right, why haven’t I seen sister-in-laws today?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “They’re currently rummaging through all of the documents from the Robert Family in another room . We didn’t expect that the Robert Family would have a lot of information about Great Clans in the continent, these things are very useful to my clan . ” Actually, Laura and the others were sorting through all of the Robert Family’s documents inside the Space, not in another room .

Jason smiled faintly and said, “You lucky guy . This time, you looted the Robert Family . The wealth of a millennium-old family, you’re really making me envious . ”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Lucky, right? As it turns out, there’s nothing much faster in gaining money other than robbing people . It seems like I need to do this a few more times . ”

Jason laughed as well, “Are you really a guy who likes to rob? I really didn’t see it before, but you actually have the potential to be a thief . Hahaha . Right, we shouldn’t be talking too much, the Emperor is waiting for you, we can’t have him wait too long . ” Zhao Hai nodded and stood up, then he tidied his clothes before leading Jason to the exit .

When they came out of the courtyard, a servant was already waiting for them with along with a carriage . The two rode the carriage as they left Dark Soldier Fort . Jason rode his carriage, but before leaving, he reminded Zhao Hai about his visit to the Crook Family . Zhao Hai nodded before boarding the carriage that the Calci Family already prepared for him .

Since Zhao Hai’s carriage was destroyed, Randolph personally assigned this carriage to Zhao Hai . The carriage was pulled by a Demon Horse, the carriage itself was very spacious, it had a room inside that could fit six people . It also had a bedroom inside . The carriage was made from Iron Driftwood as well as Saint Lightwood, it looked beautiful and elegant .






* * *


  












Chapter 484 – Third Eunuch

Zhao Hai’s previous carriage wasn’t that large, it was a vehicle that was used by common nobles . The one he was using right now was something that a Great Clan’s Patriarch would use, it was beautiful and elegant .

Randolph gave Zhao Hai this carriage because Zhao Hai’s status was now different . Zhao Hai was now qualified to sit in this kind of carriage, he was now treated the same as the Patriarchs of millenium-old clans .

When Zhao Hai boarded the carriage, he asked the driver about why the Emperor was looking for him, but naturally, the servant had no idea . This made Zhao Hai very confused .

When the carriage entered Carson City, all of the people who saw the vehicle immediately gave way . All residents of Carson City was well aware that someone who rode such a carriage didn’t have a simple status . These were people that they cannot offend, so they backed away immediately .

Before long, the carriage arrived outside the Imperial Palace . Rosen Empire’s Imperial Palace was extraordinary . Its outside fence was several feel high, in front of the gates were two rows of Warriors, numbering 40 . All of them wore full-body armor, the material that it was made from looked very uncommon either .

Outside the palace was a moat, with a bridge connecting the two sides . Zhao Hai’s carriage stopped in front of the bridge, the servant went down from the carriage and informed Zhao Hai, “Young Master Zhao Hai, the carriage has reached its destination . You need to walk to the bridge and have your name registered, after that, people would lead you to see His Majesty . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he went down the vehicle and walked towards the bridge and crossed it . When he reached the other side, he was blocked by two of the Warriors . Looking at Zhao Hai’s carriage, these Warriors naturally didn’t look down on Zhao Hai as one of them said, “Mister, please head inside and have your name registered . ” Then he gave a gesture .

Zhao Hai followed the direction he was pointed to and arrived in a place with small rooms, it seems like these were used for registration . Zhao Hai nodded and walked into the room he was led to .

He opened the door and walked in . The room wasn’t very





big, but it was warm . The inside of the room was quite simple, it has one table and four chairs . Sitting on one side of the table were two men, both of them looked approximately 30 years old, they were very white and flawless . They wore a patterned dress that looked beautiful .

Seeing Zhao Hai come inside, the two men immediately stood up and gave him a bow before saying, “We have seen mister, may we ask mister’s name?” Their voices were a bit thin . When he heard their voices, Zhao Hai immediately knew that these two men were eunuchs .

Although Zhao Hai didn’t have much liking towards eunuchs, he was still very polite . In the history of China, there were a lot of incidents were eunuchs were the principal cause . Who knows what these people could do, so Zhao Hai became polite and returned the bow before answering, “I am Buda Clan’s Patriarch, Zhao Hai Buda . I came here to answer His Majesty’s summons . ”

As soon as the two eunuchs heard the name of Zhao Hai, they immediately became even more respectful, they quickly nodded and said, “We’ll take care of mister’s registration before Mister can go, another eunuch will be waiting for you inside . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, after the two eunuchs registered his name, they gave him a golden token . One the eunuchs said, “Mister can take this and head inside . Someone will be leading you to His Majesty . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and received the token, then he turned around to leave the room and walked towards the Imperial Palace . The guards inspected the token in Zhao Hai’s hand before allowing him passage .

When Zhao Hai entered the gate of the Imperial Palace, he saw that a eunuch was already waiting for him there . The eunuch wasn’t young, he looked over 50 years old . However, Zhao Hai didn’t dare underestimate the eunuch . The eunuch had an imposing manner, a kind of attitude that someone of a high position would have . Moreover, he also had a very heavy killing aura around him .

Upon seeing this eunuch, Zhao Hai immediately knew that he wasn’t simple . He reckoned that this man should be an assassin, an advanced level assassin .

When the eunuch saw Zhao Hai, he immediately went forwards and gave him a bow before asking, “Patriarch Zhao Hai?”

Zhao





Hai?”

Zhao Hai didn’t dare neglect the gesture as he returned a bow and said, “Mister is too polite, this one is Zhao Hai . ”

The eunuch immediately replied, “Mister Count, please come with me . His Majesty is already waiting for you . ” Then he walked towards the interior of the palace, Zhao Hai followed him behind . While walking, the eunuch gave Zhao Hai instructions about how he should give courtesy to the Emperor .

Giving respects to a monarch in the Ark Continent was not quite the same as in Earth . On Earth, when you see an Emperor, you would need to perform a kneeling ritual, if you meet for the first time, a kowtow would be needed . However, in Ark Continent, as long as one held a Noble title, they won’t need to kneel in front of the Emperor, a bow would suffice .

Bowing naturally had its own rules, it was different between noble ranks . Lowest nobles would need to bow 90 degrees, the scale lessens as the rank increases . All of these were introduced to Zhao Hai .

It was Zhao Hai’s first meeting with this eunuch, it wasn’t good for him if he were to ask too much . He just quietly walked at his side and listened to the eunuch, but Zhao Hai wanted to try gaining his favor .

When they arrived in a hallway, Zhao Hai looked around to make sure that there were nobody else before he turned his hand and retrieved an item that he had looted from the Robert Family . This was a piece of magic crystal, an alchemy product . He didn’t know how the alchemists made this but he can see that there was a formation engraved in it . The formation was very beautiful, all of it was inlaid with gold along with some other materials . The formation seemed to sparkle, and along with how the formation itself, the crystal became even more beautiful .

The crystal wasn’t very big, only the size of one’s palm . It might look small, but its function was very nice, it can help in regulating a person’s temperature, eliminate fatigue, as well as remove any strange odors in one’s body . It was a rare plaything .

Zhao Hai gently handed the crystal over to the eunuch and said, “This is the first time that I had met eunuch, so I was not prepared .





prepared . I would like sir eunuch to accept this small plaything as a gift from me . ”

The eunuch looked at the crystal in Zhao Hai’s hand . He was a person who was keen on noticing an item’s worth and he saw how extraordinary Zhao Hai’s crystal was . He immediately said, “The Count is too kind . I’m just a eunuch, it wouldn’t be proper for me to accept such a gift . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Sir eunuch is too polite . For His Majesty to trust you meant that you are absolutely worthy of this small gift . The current weather is very cold, this little thing can keep Sir eunuch’s body temperature at a comfortable level . Sir eunuch would also be by his Majesty’s side all the time, this thing can also relieve fatigue . Additionally, this one can eliminate any odors in one’s body, even if it didn’t have much use, it should still be able to take care of the small nuances in Sir eunuch’s day to day living . ”

The eunuch looked at Zhao Hai, the first two points wasn’t much of a problem for him . Just as Zhao Hai has suspected, the man was indeed an assassin, an 8th rank assassin . With his strength, the cold and heat wasn’t a problem, he doesn’t get tired easily as well . However, the last point of eliminating odors attracted him .

Eunuchs have this problem, because of their function, they didn’t have the advantages that a normal man might have, there were things that they can’t do . Moreover, they are easily prone to odors . Because of this, they rarely eat in the morning, they rarely drink water as well . Their tasks were stressful . One should know that if the King notices a strange smell in them, there was a high possibility of them being executed . If not, they would fall out of favor, and for them, falling out of favor was much worse than death .

Therefore, this issue of body odors was a very important issue to these eunuchs . Besides eating and drinking a little, they would also constantly change clothes . They would also sprinkle powders along with other methods in order to mask the smell of their bodies .

With Zhao Hai’s crystal, all of these issues would be solved . The eunuch became elated when he

elated when he heard Zhao Hai point out the uses of the crystal .

Seeing the eunuch’s expression, Zhao Hai immediately handed the crystal over and said, “I ask Sir eunuch to receive it and give me face . Right, I’ve been very disrespectful, I still don’t know Sir eunuch’s name . ”

The eunuch didn’t decline this time, he received Zhao Hai’s crystal and placed it near his chest . He immediately felt the benefits of the crustal, in his usually cold body, the temperature began to rise . The eunuch smiled and then turned to smile at Zhao Hai, “The Count is too kind, we don’t have any names . But in my generation, I’m number three . Later on, people began to call me Third Eunuch . ”

Zhao Hai quickly said, “This count has met Third Eunuch . If mister has any needs in the future, please don’t hesitate to inform me . ”

Third Eunuch laughed and said, “Very well, I will do so . ”

Zhao Hai didn’t believe that this gift would completely buy Third Eunuch . He just wanted to earn his good favor, it might make things more convenient in the future .

Actually, with his current strength, he didn’t have to earn Third Eunuch’s favor . But Zhao Hai still did it in order to establish relations . He knew that he still couldn’t offend a lot of people . After all, nobles still held control of the matters in the continent . People who didn’t have any good relationships in this world wouldn’t be able to survive .

At this time, they have arrived outside the Imperial Palace great hall . This was the place where the Emperor handles his day to day politics . The place didn’t have an elegant name, it was just called Hall of Administration . Like the rest of the continent, it’s naming was a practical one .

The Hall of Administration had a few dozen steps in it . Third Eunuch asked Zhao Hai to wait at the bottom of the steps while he goes in and reports his arrival . Before long, Zhao Hai heard a voice announcing his presence, “Mister Zhao Hai has arrived!”

Zhao Hai patted his clothes to make them proper before ascending the steps . He was going to see the Emperor of the continent’s most powerful nation . If he said that he wasn’t anxious, then he would be lying .





* * *


  












Chapter 485 – Matters in the Great Hall

When Zhao Hai arrived in front of the Hall of Administrations’ door, the eunuch announced a second time, “Zhao Hai Buda has arrived!”

Zhao Hai looked into the eyes of the eunuch and then took a deep breath before he entered the hall . Upon entering, Zhao Hai scanned the hall to see that there were a lot of people inside . He also saw people he was familiar with, the Crown Prince, the Second Prince, Charlie, Randolph, Jason’s Grandfather, as well as Nobles he became acquainted with during the banquets that he had attended the days before . Now these people were divided into two sitting columns . Zhao Hai already expected other people to be present, but he didn’t expect that it would be this much .

There was an elevated stage with a throne in the middle of the hall, a man can be seen sitting down on it . The throne was made of gold and silver, it was also inlaid with a lot of gems, and covered in a layer of animal leather . The throne looked very soft and comfortable .

The man wasn’t very tall, he looked very refined, maybe even delicate . His hair was faintly gray, his complexion was still quite rosy . He had a gold crown on his head and a staff in his hand . The staff wasn’t very long, it was only about 40 centimeters . The staff was made entirely of gold, its head was decorated with gigantic gemstones . This wasn’t a Magic Staff, but a scepter, an item that was a symbol of influence .

This man wore very magnificent and expensive looking clothes . Although he looked very refined, he also gave off a very imposing aura, enough to make a weaker man submit . The man just sat there, calmly looking at Zhao Hai . However, Zhao Hai felt pressure, this pressure came purely from the man’s body . This pressure wasn’t deliberately made to shake Zhao Hai, it was just the natural aura coming from the man’s body .






Hai Buda has seen His Majesty!”

Rosen Empire’s Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and then nodded, “You are Zhao Hai? Good, young man, very good . Were you present when the Robert Family used Antimagic Powder?”

Zhao Hai quickly responded, “Yes, Your Majesty . The Robert Family did use Antimagic Powder to attack me . ”

The Emperor nodded, then said, “Are you really a Mage? How did you survive the Robert Family’s attack?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he thought that Randolph might have not told the Emperor about him being a Martial and Magic Dual Cultivator . Randolph also didn’t tell the Emperor that Zhao Hai can cast magic under the influence of Antimagic Powder, leaving Zhao Hai with a card in hand .

Thinking about this, Zhao Hai immediately said, “Replying to His Majesty’s question, this one isn’t only a Mage, I’m an 8th rank Warrior as well . Because of that, Antimagic Powder cannot suppress me . ” Zhao Hai also didn’t reveal the fact that he was unaffected by the Antimagic Powder, he wanted to make this into his hidden ace . Compared to his ability as a Warrior, this matter was a better choice to conceal .

After hearing Zhao Hai, the people in the hall became shocked . They couldn’t help but whisper to each other . They already knew that Zhao Hai was an 8th rank Mage, but they didn’t expect that Zhao Hai was an 8th rank Warrior as well!

In other words, Zhao Hai was a Dual Cultivator of Magic and Battle Qi? However, in the history of the continent, Martial and Magic Dual Cultivators didn’t have much of a success . There were only a handful of people of people who can reach 6th rank, reaching 7th rank was the highest recorded instance .

But now, Zhao Hai revealed that he wasn’t only an 8th rank Mage, he was also an 8th rank Warrior, this was unbelievable . If Zhao Hai wasn’t in front of the Emperor right now, they would surely think that Zhao Hai was lying .

The Emperor was also somewhat surprised at Zhao Hai, then he nodded and said, “Good, young man, you’re very good . This Emperor has called you today for a small request . If you handle this matter well, you will be rewarded . ”

Zhao Hai bowed and said, “For the benefit of His Majesty, I wouldn’t even need a reward to take action .






The Emperor gave a satisfied nod and said, “This is about Engraved Ark that you have uncovered . I will not hide it from you, we already turned Robert Patriarch and Terry into advanced level undead in order to interrogate them . However, the matters that they knew were not many . They also mentioned that there should also be another member of Engraved Ark in their family . But as to who this member was, they didn’t know . Now that the Robert Family has been eliminated by you, the amount of corpses present is too much for our Dark Mages to turn into advanced level undead . Randolph told me that you can achieve it . Is that true?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I can, Your Majesty . Rest Assured . ”

The Emperor nodded and said, “Then can you do it inside this hall? Our country wants to see how different your Dark Magic is . ”

Zhao Hai stared for a while before saying, “Your Majesty, turning these corpses into undead needed them to be present . If we do it inside this hall, it might contaminate Your Majesty’s sights . Moreover, I’m afraid that His Majesty might not like the way I use Magic . ”

The Emperor didn’t seem to care, he shook his head and said, “No need to worry, just do it in this hall . Let this Emperor see for himself . ”

Zhai Hai didn’t say anything else, he nodded and said, “Just as you wish, Your Majesty . ”

The Emperor nodded, then he waved his hand . Third Eunuch, who was standing right by the Emperor’s side, took two steps forward and said loudly, “Take them in!” Then a buzzing sound was heard outside the hall before stretchers carrying bodies covered in white cloth entered .

These corpses were naturally processed . They didn’t have any unusual smell, but the sight of this row of corpses looked very unattractive .

The nobles inside the hall already knew that it was Zhao Hai who exterminated the Robert Family . But when they saw the bodies being carried in, they couldn’t help but exclaim about Zhao Hai’s ruthlessness, they whispered between each other .

The Emperor didn’t care, he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “You can begin . ” Zhao Hai gave a bow before he took his Magic Staff





Magic Staff out and muttered several incantations . Then a black gas appeared and covered the corpses inside the hall . When the black gas disappeared, all of the bodies were already standing . These people looked no different than when they were alive . If it weren’t for their pale complexion and lifeless eyes, people might even mistake them for live people .

Zhao Hai could just change these people into skeletons, but since he wanted to display his abilities, he deliberately made them into zombies . In Ark Continent, one didn’t need to be afraid if they had the strength . As long as you are strong, people would give you great importance . Conversely, if you are useless, nobody would look at you in the eyes .

When the people in the Great Hall looked at the undead, they couldn’t help but feel somewhat restless . In their minds, undead were generally either skeletons or rotting zombies . However, Zhao Hai’s zombies were in a pristine condition, they looked exactly just like a normal person . This wasn’t something that they had seen before .

After reviving the undead, Zhao Hai turned to the Emperor and said, “Your majesty, you can now ask them questions . I can assure you that they wouldn’t lie . ”

The Emperor was also shocked by Zhao Hai’s undead, he looked at Zhao Hai and then said, “Alright, you go ask them . Just find out who the other member of Engraved Ark was . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he immediately went to ask the group of undead . But unfortunately, the member of Engraved Ark wasn’t present among them . Zhao Hai didn’t say anything as he received these undead into his Space and then had another batch of corpses be sent in .

Zhao Hai remained in the hall as he turned groups upon groups of corpses into undead until he found out the other member of Engraved Ark . When he found out, Zhao Hai was surprised, the member of Engraved Ark turned out to be one of Robert Patriarch’s wives!

From the mouth of this member of Engraved Ark, Zhao Hai managed to get a few more information . The source of faith of the organization was truly the Demon God . Destroying the continent was their duty . All of the members of Engraved Ark almost never meet, they just communicate

they just communicate with each other using encrypted codes . Most importantly, none of these members knew each other’s identity . They don’t have any marks on their bodies . If one wanted to find out about anything regarding their identity, then it should be that each of their homes should have an idol of the Demon God!

This kind of information was truly useless for Zhao Hai . How many people were in the continent? How many noble families? They don’t have any obvious characteristics, just the fact that they have an idol of the Demon God in their homes . But who actually knew what the Demon God looked like? There were too many factors to consider, there was no way to find it .

However, even if they didn’t have a single good harvest, this member knew much more than Robert Patriarch and Terry . This organization has existed for more than a thousand years . In the very beginning, all of them were just people at the bottom of society . These people were oppressed by the nobility and found that there was no way to resist them . In the end, these people joined up and create the Engraved Ark, it was also at this point that they started to worship the Demon God .

Along with the transformation on the continent and the constant change of dynasties, the organization slowly gained power and influence and eventually became Great Nobles . The Robert Family was one of those families .

Also, even if there wasn’t a definite indication that one was a member of Engraved Ark, they were devilish in their hearts . They believed that the Demon God was a good killer and a ruthless person, therefore, the attitudes and temperaments of their members would generally be ruthless and sinister . All of these would naturally reflect on the overall outlook of their families, just like Robert Family’s Savage Wolf emblem .

Obtaining this information was a great help for the Rosen Empire . At the very least, they now have a heading, they can now somewhat decrease their scope of surveillance .

At this point, the nobles in the hall were now dreading Engraved Ark . This was because this organization’s threat to the continent was much higher than the Radiant Church . The Radiant Church only wanted to establish control, but Engraved Ark actually wanted their life!





* * *


  












Chapter 486 – Reward

The Emperor was very satisfied with Zhao Hai’s performance . He had seen how other Dark Mages use Dark Magic . Seeing how Zhao Hai was so relaxed showed that Zhao Hai was strong .

Moreover, Zhao Hai or the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, was Calci Family’s son-in-law . He also heard that Zhao Hai had a good relationship with the Crook Family, he was also someone from Charlie’s side .

Because of these, the Emperor became very fond of Zhao Hai . Although he was an Aksu Empire noble, it didn’t matter . The Emperor wouldn’t care about his background as long as he is strong . It was also impossible for the Emperor to not know about the Buda Clan’s resentment towards the Aksu Empire . In his opinion, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to not hold a grudge . If he was able to pull Zhao Hai into the Rosen Empire, it would be good for the empire overall .

The Emperor was clear, Zhao Hai had offended the Radiant Church, he had also offended Aksu Empire’s Royal Clan . In this case, if Zhao Hai wanted to find a place to place his foundation, the Rosen Empire was the only choice, it was impossible to do so in other places .

Thinking about this, the Emperor felt assured that he can pull Zhao Hai over to the Empire . This was Rosen Empire’s standard of recruiting people . Regardless of their origin, as long as someone has talent, they would bring them to the Empire’s fold . This was the method that the Rosen Empire used to become the continent’s most powerful nation .

After Zhao Hai found the Engraved Ark member, the Emperor still had the bodies sent over to be turned into advanced undead . The Emperor was afraid of any fish that might slip through the net . Fortunately, there were no other members of Engraved Ark in the Robert Family .

After waiting for Zhao Hai to be done, the Emperor nodded, then he turned his head towards Third Eunuch . Third Eunuch immediately took two steps forward and declared, “Zhao Hai Buda, go forward and receive the decree . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he immediately complied as he went forward and knelt on one knee . This was also a custom in Ark Continent . When a monarch rewards you, you shall kneel down on one knee upon accepting . This makes it seem like you really valued the reward .

When Zhao Hai knelt down, Third Eunuch immediately said loudly, “Zhao Hai Buda, you are a Noble with outstanding ability and excellent strength . Receive this title of First Class Marquis . The Crown has also bestowed Golden Island to Zhao Hai Buda as his perpetual fief . “

Zhao Hai immediately said, “I thank His Majesty for this reward . Zhao Hai Buda shall fully serve the Rosen Empire!”

Ark Continent’s rewarding process was very simple, Zhao Hai liked it very much . But what he didn’t expect was how comfortable





the Emperor was in giving him the title of Marquis, moreover, he also gave him an island as a fief .

The Ark Continent’s ranking goes: Duke, Marquis, Count, Viscount, Baron, and then Knight . Knights can only be regarded as a false noble, with the lowest nobility rank being the Baron . The Duke, Marquis, Count, Viscount and Baron, these five ranks are the official ranks of nobility . Each titles are divided into three Classes with third class being the lowest and first class being the highest . Above a First Class Duke was the position of Grand Duke . A Grand Duke can establish his own Duchy . Above a Grand Duke were the Princes . Princes generally came from the Imperial Clan . A Prince’s power can only be dictated by the Emperor . If the Emperor doesn’t give a Prince any power, then they can only be a normal noble, he cannot do anything serious . Although, he technically held a higher status, his influence wasn’t as good as a Grand Duke .

Not only did Rosen Empire give Zhao Hai the title of First Class Marquis, he was also bestowed by a perpetual fief . This was a very good thing . Some Noble’s fiefs weren’t hereditary . If they want to keep their territory, they need to work hard . Only through this way would their lands stay in their hands . However, Zhao Hai’s was different, it was equivalent to the Buda Clan owning the territory .

However, Zhao Hai felt strange when he heard that his fief was Golden Island . This was because he hadn’t heard of this Golden Island before .

For a place to be called Golden Island, it would surely be a special one . Moreover, since it’s an island, it should certainly be at sea . But Zhao Hai had already stayed for quite some time in the seas of Rosen Empire, he had never heard about a Golden Island there, it was quite strange .

But since it was the Emperor’s reward, he had no other choice but to accept it and ask Randolph later .

Since Zhao Hai had accepted the reward, naturally he was now a noble of the Rosen Empire . Later on, when meets the Emperor, he wouldn’t need to bow so low .

After Zhao Hai received his reward, the Emperor looked at him and said, “Zhao Hai, you’re now a person of the Rosen Empire . I won’t interfere with your matter with Aksu Empire, but you must remember, no matter what you do, you cannot lose the face of Rosen Empire in Aksu Empire . ”

When Zhao Hai heard this, he couldn’t help but stare . This was because the Emperor basically just told him that he was supporting him . This was something that was out of his expectations .

Zhao hai immediately bowed and said, “I thank His Majesty . This one will certainly not lose the face of Rosen Empire . His Majesty can feel relieved .






The Emperor was satisfied, then he nodded and said, “Good, it’s good that you understand . Alright, today’s affairs are finished, everybody can go back . ” The others immediately stood up and gave a salute to the Emperor before they asked to be excused .

Outside the hall, Randolph and Charlie approached Zhao Hai . After seeing the two of them, Zhao Hai gave a salute . Charlie smiled at him and said, “Good, you’ve now become a Marquis . Hahaha . If you have free time, go visit my mansion . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then Charlie gave a nod before leaving .

Randolph looked at Charlie before he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “It looks like Charlie highly thinks of you . Also, it’s good that your title has now risen . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he looked around before he whispered, “Grandfather, this Golden Island, where is it? How come I never heard of it?”

Randolph looked around as well and then whispered, “Let’s talk about this back at the fort . ” Looking at Randolph’s conduct, Zhao Hai understood that there may have been some secrets that he wasn’t allowed to ask publicly . He nodded and then headed back to the fort with Randolph .

When they arrived outside the Imperial Palace, Randolph and Zhao Hai rode their carriage and drove towards Dark Soldier Fort without saying a word . Before long, the two of them arrived at the fort .

Upon reaching their destination, Randolph immediately brought Zhao Hai to the lobby . Then he sent someone to call Smith and the others over . Zhao Hai looked at Randolph, he didn’t ask anything and just waited in the room for Smith and the others .

Before long, Smith and the others arrived, Zhao Hai sood up and gave them a salute . After the group sat down, Randolph opened his mouth and said, “Earlier, His Majesty just asked Little Hai to turn all of the Robert Family members into undead, then he asked them about Engraved Ark . Although we didn’t manage to get a lot of information, what we got wasn’t few either . His Majesty was happy with Zhao Hai’s performance that he gave him the title of First Class Marquis . He also bestowed Zhao Hai with Golden Island as his perpetual territory . ”

Upon hearing Randolph’s words, everybody stared . Then they started whispering to each other in discussion . Zhao Hai was confused, being a First Class Marquis wasn’t something to be surprised about, was it because of Golden Island?

Seeing Zhao Hai’s confused expression, he seriously said, “Little Hai doesn’t know about Golden Island . Second, go tell Little Hai . ”

Smith nodded and said, “Alright, Golden Island was once rich in gold . But even before the Rosen Empire has been established, all of its gold was mined up . Right now, the island doesn’t have any special products left, only the mining tunnels remained . Such an island isn’t very noteworthy . However, its position was extremely





was extremely coveted . The island was placed in between Rosen Empire and Aksu Empire’s marine border . Because of this island, the two Empires often had frictions between them . Now, there was nobody who owned it . But since the island still had some freshwater, it became a Haven for pirates . Although it was like this currently, its importance to both empires didn’t decrease . If Rosen Empire obtains that island, they can construct a naval base there and threaten the Aksu Empire’s marine region . The opposite case was the same . Also, because this place previously produced gold, it had very good piers, it wouldn’t be a problem if a thousand huge boats were to dock there . The strategic value of this island is very big . ”

Zhao Hai answered, “Is this the case? Does this mean that even if I got the fief from the Rosen Empire, the Aksu Empire can still declare it as theirs?”

Smith nodded and said, “Yes, like that . I think His Majesty gave you this land possibly because he wanted you to thoroughly break off your relations with the Aksu Empire . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “Right, I also think that this is His Majesty’s intention . Still, I think that this would be a good opportunity for you . Golden Island’s location is extremely important . As long as you eliminate the pirate’s nest, you can slowly allow passing ships entry . You can also establish a market there, carrying out trades . I believe that it will be a goose that lays golden eggs . ”

Zhao Hai excitedly nodded . Golden Island’s position was indeed good . For Zhao Hiai, this was fantastic . As long as he held this place, he was sure that he would profit a lot off of it . He can also take the things in the Space to there and sell them .

Then Smith looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Little Hai, don’t be celebrate prematurely . Occupying Golden Island wouldn’t be simple . There were pirate groups controlled by Great Nobles stationed there . The Imperial Clan’s looting fleet has a stronghold there as well . If you really want to take control of Golden Island, I’m afraid it wouldn’t be very easy . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine . I wouldn’t be offending them much . There are a lot of islands in the surroundings, they can just move . If they really want to go head on head with me, then let’s see if they have the capability . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “Little Hai’s words are justified . Little Hai can even deal with millenium-old clans . Those who wanted to move against Little Hai need to have good courage . What I’m currently worried about was the Radiant Church . ”

Smith and the others turned silent, they understood what Randolph was thinking . Zhao Hai has a grudge with the Radiant Church . With Golden Island being in

Island being in the edge of Rosen Empire’s territory, an in addition to it being overseas, it would be difficult for the Rosen Empire to give him help .

Moreover, with this domain, Zhao Hai would build upon it, making it one of his foundations . The Radiant Church cannot cope with Zhao Hai in the past because they couldn’t find his location . This time, the Radiant Church naturally wouldn’t let him off .

Zhao Hai sneered and said, “I don’t worry about the Radiant Church . They couldn’t deal with me before, they couldn’t deal with me this time either . What I’m worried about is Engraved Ark . Me eliminating the Robert Family this time meant that their organization just lost a Great Family . Not only did I destroy their Great Clan, I’ve also exposed them to the continent . I’m quite worried about them since we have close to no understanding of their operations . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “That’s true, we now have a good amount of understanding with regards to the Radiant Church . But this Engraved Ark, we had almost to know information about them . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Randolph and said, “Grandfather, I think that the Calci Family would also need to be more careful . The Engraved Ark would surely take the clan into account this time . People from Engraved Ark are different from the Radiant Church . When the Radiant Church copes with us, they would need to find an excuse to act in the open . But the Engraved Ark can do almost about anything . This time, they used Antimagic Powder, who know what cards they will use the next time . Moreover, since they can research Antimagic Powder, they surely have other types of concoctions in their hands . We should all be careful from now on . ”

Randolph agreed, “This matter is surely thorny . Our Clan is a Mage Clan, just by using Antimagic Powder, they managed to place us in a difficult position . ” At this time, Smith and the others were frowning .

Zhao Hai opened his mouth, “Grandfather, I think we should take extreme care for the important figures in the family . It is also better for the family to invest more into Warriors . In the meantime, I’ll head back and see whether my side can develop an antidote against the Antimagic Powder . If we can produce one, our days would become easier . If it’s impossible to make it, then the family can only increase their security even more . ”

Randolph stared when he heard Zhao Hai . With an elated face he said, “Little Hai, is that true? Do you have a Potion Master?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Two Potion Masters, they’re very good, but we really lack medicinal plants at this moment . I’ll need to ask Grandpa for help, I need a lot plants, the more advanced, the better . I can accept seeds as well, I can slowly grow them . ”





* * *


  












Chapter 487 – Appearing Aggressive

Smith smiled when he heard Zhao Hai, he turned to Randolph and said, “Father, Little Hai used to tell me this, but since it was winter, there weren’t really good plants available . However, it seems like we need to go all out in helping Little Hai to acquire various plants . If Little Hai develops the antidote, then it would really be very good for us . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “Alright, go send the orders . Have the entire clan seek for strange plants, the more the better . Right Little Hai, do you need Magic Beasts as well?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I do . Magic Beasts can also be used for making medicine . The more the better . ”

Randolph gave a nod, then he looked at the people in the room and said, “Did you listen carefully? Fully coordinate with Little Hai . ” Those present didn’t dare to oppose it, they immediately agreed . All of them knew that this matter shouldn’t be neglected, it was very important for the family .

Zhao Hai looked at the others and sighed in relief . Then he turned his hand and retrieved a large bottle from the Space . This bottle had enough volume to contain ten jins of water . It was made of glass and was gotten from one of the Robert Family’s stores .

Naturally this bottle wasn’t special, its contents were . Randolph and the others looked at Zhao Hai, they don’t know why Zhao Hai retrieved such a big bottle .

Zhao Hai carefully placed the bottle beside Randolph and said, “Grandfather, the family should distribute this water to everyone . If they encounter any accidents or get poisoned, drinking this water will be very useful . ”

Randolph looked confused at Zhao Hai, “What is inside this bottle? Is it potion?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “The liquid in this bottle isn’t a potion . It is much more effective compared to a potion, this is Life Liquid!”[1]

Life Liquid! When they heard Zhao Hai say this, all of the people present breathed a cold air . Life Liquid was something very useful, no matter how rich you are, you might not be able to





get it .

Randolph stared at the bottle for quite some time, then he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, this, is this really Life Liquid?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, I’ve obtained this from a 9th rank expert of the Radiant Church . At the time, the 9th rank was cooperating with the Fighting Bulls to deal with the Herculean Bulls . When he was killed by me, I obtained this Life Liquid . I asked the person where he got it, he said that it was given to him . ”

Randolph nodded, he also got something from Zhao Hai’s words . He frowned and said, “The Radiant Church are meddling with the Beastmen?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he told Randolph about what happened the last time he was in the Prairie . He also introduced his status as a Prince of the Cow-headed race .

Randolph was surprised at Zhao Hai . He didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have such a status . Beastmen don’t trust humans, it was surprising to know that Zhao Hai was actually a Beastman Prince .

But then he immediately thought about the Radiant Church, he hesitated for a moment before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, since you now have some sort of status in the Beastman Prairie, you should play attention to the the movements of the Radiant Church in the Prairie . Know what they are planning to do . And if you can make the Beastmen turn on them, then that would be fantastic . ”

ZHao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Grandfather can feel relieved, I’ve already figured out the temperament of the Beastmen . It would be easy for the Beastmen to deal with the Radiant Church . There aren’t any radiant Church believers in the Prairie, as long as they are members of the Radiant Church, the Beastmen wouldn’t be able to trust them . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “I’ll accept your Life Liquid, it’s very useful for the current situation . Right, since you’ve given this to the family, the family wouldn’t be ungrateful . Now that you have the Golden Island as a territory, the family can provide you with a fleet to help manage it . ”

Zhao






Zhao Hai declined and said “Grandfather, doesn’t need to trouble himself . I really don’t need to deal with the pirates in Golden Island . Making the family move would be very troublesome . This Life Liquid isn’t very important to me, I also have some left on me . ”

Randolph nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai in appreciation . At this moment, he felt that Zhao Hai looked more pleasing to the eyes . He was a decent human being, a good leader, willing to help the Calci Family, even giving them Life Liquid . At this point, Zhao Hai was much better than the other members of the Calci Family .

Randolph looked at the other members of the family and said, “Alright, we have a lot of things to do . All of you know your assignments, go back and deal with the . Remember to not make any mistakes . ”

The others nodded, then Randolph made them disperse . Smith went with Zhao Hai to Rustling Tree Courtyard . The two sat on the living room, then Smith turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, how do you plan to handle Golden Island’s situation? I think you should be careful about this . Otherwise, it wouldn’t be only the Aksu Empire that would come after you, all of the noble controlled pirates would be going after you as well . You may even aggravate the situation even more . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he understood what Smith meant . But now that he knew the location of Golden Island as well as knowing about how lawless the place was . It would be a pity if he doesn’t make use of the pirates .

Of these pirates, it would be impossible for all of them to be affiliated to a Great Clan . Those who had connections could just sell their loot over to those Great Clans . However, for those who didn’t have any connections, they can only find a middleman and sell their loot at a much lower price .

There was a huge business opportunity here . Zhao Hai’s idea was to turn Golden Island into a free port . Pirates can trade on the island, but they





but they have to pay a certain amount of tax . Merchants can trade here as well, and naturally, they would also be taxed .

Zhao Hai wanted Golden Island to be a place for Merchants, Pirates, and other influences to trade, like some sort of black market . He will place the tax here at a very low level . Pirates can also take refuge in the island . If he manages to achieve this goal, the island wouldn’t only be a goose that laid golden eggs, it would in itself turn into a golden goose .

When Smith asked him this question, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately tell him of his plans to make the island a free port, he just said, “It’s not difficult to subdue the island . Although its location was very special, it wasn’t irreplaceable for the pirates . In addition to the reputation that I have gained, those who would dare to attack me shouldn’t be true pirates . In the end, if anyone really wishes to challenge me, then I won’t be polite to them . ”

Smith knit his brows, he really didn’t want Zhao Hai to have any conflicts with Great Nobles . If the situation goes to south, things wouldn’t be good for Zhao Hai .

Looking at Smith’s expression, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Uncle, rest assured, the solution for Golden Island is nothing more than a two-step process . First step is to not attack them, make it known to them that we mean well while at the same time making them respect us . Second step is to then offer them benefits . This point is actually something that I needed uncle’s help with . I’m preparing to turn the island into a free trading harbor . No matter pirate or merchant, all of them can come to the island and trade . What does uncle think?”

Smith stared for a moment before his eyes lit up . He was a Merchant and he naturally understood what Zhao Hai was planning to do . If Zhao Hai really managed to accomplish this, then the yearly income of Golden Island would be comparable to Sky Water City, if not more .

However, he soon recovered from his thoughts

from his thoughts as he frowned, “This is a really good idea . But if we really do as you said, then would Merchants really dare to go to Golden Island? Wouldn’t they be afraid to get robbed?”

Zhao Hao smiled faintly and said, “This is simple, I can just issue a rule disallowing violence inside Golden Island . I shall also make sure that the rule would get applied at a thousand li radius around the island’s waters . Those who dared violate this rule would get eliminated . With this, nobody should act unreasonably . What does uncle think about this?”

When Smith heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but look into Zhao Hai’s eyes . Zhao Hai was appearing very aggressive these past few days . Hearing him say that he would eliminate those who would dare violate his rule in a thousand li radius of the island seemed like he was also expressing his aggression at this time .

In the past, only Great Clans dared to speak such words, but now, Zhao Hai was also speaking it . This was undoubtedly due to the change in Zhao Hai’s status .

Moreover, Smith was certain that if Zhao Hai completes this matter, his Golden Island would surely become another Sky Water City, another huge trading harbor .

At this point, Smith was admiring Zhao Hai . He knew about the Buda Clan vanishing, but in just one year, they were able to reach this height . They can now appear on the continent, this was all because of their current strength, it was also because of Zhao Hai .

For a clan to survive, strength was an indispensable resource . However, strength alone was not enough, the clan also needed a smart leader and good direction . Zhao Hai’s leadership was already well proven . Having such a head, the Buda Clan would be able to overturn their past situation and became one of the powerful Clans of the Continent, the only thing that they require was time .

When Smith knew about Zhao Hai’s plan for Golden Island, he understood that the island would have a lot of work needed to be done . There were things that needed help, and Smith wanted to provide it .





* * *


  












Chapter 488 – Walking in Circles is Hereditary

Smith knew that although the Calci Family has a lot of relationships with other clans, they had nobody who could shared the hardships of their family . This was one of the Calci Family’s disadvantages .

Now, the Buda Clan appeared, a Clan that has a potential to become a Great Clan . If at this time, the Calci Family gives the Buda Clan a helping hand, the Buda Clan would surely become the Calci Family’s true friend in the future . With the two clans helping each other, both of them can become the strongest clans in the continent .

After thinking all of these through, Smith nodded and said, “Alright, Little Hai, I won’t bother you with Golden Island . However, I’ll go inform father about this . If you need any help, immediately tell us, we will certainly support you . I believe father wouldn’t oppose to it . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and then with a serious voice he said, “Uncle, I have a matter to ask for your opinion . Today, Jason looked for me and sent a message telling me that their Crook family would want to have an Eternal Alliance with my Buda Clan . ”

Smith became surprised when he heard Zhao Hai, he knew what being in an Eternal Alliance meant . He didn’t expect the Crook Family to suddenly propose being an Eternal Ally to the Buda Clan .

When he recovered, Smith’s mind suddenly sprang into action . He knows that the Crook Family wasn’t simple . A few years ago, they were just an ordinary Great Clan, but now, they already had reached the levels of millenium-old clans . What does this mean? This indicated that the Crook Family’s head had the ability, and was very insightful as well .

In this case, for the Crook Family to make an Eternal Alliance with the Buda Clan only meant one thing, they were very optimistic about the future of the Buda Clan . Because of this, they wanted to reach out to the Buda Clan before they reach their full potential . Later on, when the Buda Clan completely grows into being a Great





Clan, they would gain a very strong ally!

Good plan! Smith had to recognize the Crook Family’s plan . It was pure benefit without disadvantages . At the least, when the Buda Clan doesn’t reach the Crook Family’s level, Zhao Hai would still be allied with them, bringing good benefits to the Buda Clan .

Smith walked several steps on the ground, he had thought through all the parts of it . Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “This is a very good thing for the Buda Clan . You should accept, how about going to the Crook Family tomorrow?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t only go to the Crook Family, I’ll need to go see Charlie tomorrow as well . Haha, I’m quite busy tomorrow . ”

Smith looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Right, it’s also time to visit Charlie . Alright, you get busy, I have something to discuss with father . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then turned towards his own residence before going to the Space . He wanted to see what Smith would tell Randolph .

Zhao Hai didn’t believe that Smith and Randolph would harm him . He had given Randolph the Life Liquid, giving Randolph a good impression of him . Zhao Hai believed that Randolph wouldn’t move him, he believed that Randolph would even attach great importance to him .

When Zhao Hai arrived at the Space, he immediately entered the villa . At this time, Laura and the others were reorganizing the documents . They were sorting through documents that might be helpful to the Buda Clan .

Seeing that Laura and the others were very enthusiastic in working, Zhao Hai became happy . Then he went to the living room and turned the monitor on, showing the scene inside Randolph’s study .

Randolph’s study was very big, this was where he handles his things, and also where he meets the managers of the Calci Family . Because of this, his interior decoration was very good . Although it couldn’t compare to Evan’s study, it wasn’t that much worse . After all, Dark Soldier Fort wasn’t as big as a Grand Duke’s mansion .

When Smith arrived at





at Randolph’s study, they sat down and drank some tea . Apparently, they still weren’t talking about Zhao Hai’s matter .

When Randolph saw that Smith came to see him, he knew that it surely has something to do with Zhao Hai . Therefore, he didn’t worry too much, so he first sent someone to get them some tea as he and Smith sat and chatted .

At this point, Smith held Randolph’s favor . If Smith didn’t insist, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to be married into the Calci Family . If their family actually became Zhao Hai’s enemy, he wouldn’t be able to imagine the consequences .

Zhao Hai getting married to the Calci Family brought great benefits to them, and this was Smith’s doing . Because of this, Randolph placed great importance to Smith .

Randolph drank some tea and sighed, “This time’s incident was really breathtaking . Who would’ve thought that an ordinary attack can lead to so many things . If it weren’t for Little Hai, our Calci Family would have surely ended . ”

Smith nodded and said, “Right, nobody thought that there would actually be a hidden snake in the continent . This Engraved Ark organization is too dangerous . Right, Father, what can you say about Little Hai’s Antimagic Powder antidote? Do you think he’ll succeed?”

Randolph sighed and said, “I hope that he can succeed, but it seems like it wouldn’t be very easy . From the time when Antimagic Powder first appeared, people had only found ways to suppress it, not make an antidote . The powder’s original recipe was destroyed as well, with no concrete source being present . This will bring a lot of trouble to Little Hai . You need to figure out the ingredients of a certain drug first before looking for ways to make its antidote . However, I still think that Little Hai’s approach is correct . Even though the continent was now aware of Engraved Ark, the only source we got about them came solely from the Robert Family . Now that the method to make Antimagic Powder has disappeared, making its cure much more difficult to achieve, what do you think





you think will the Mages of the continent think when Little Hai manages to make an antidote?”

It would lead to great benefits! Randolph meant that when Zhao Hai manages to make the antidote for Antimagic Powder, his reputation among the Mages would surely skyrocket . As long as he succeeds in making one, the respect that he would gain from the Mage community would surely be colossal . And at this time, the Calci Family would be profiting from it as well .

Both Smith and Zhao Hai hadn’t thought about this before . Now that he was reminded by Randolph’s words, Smith found it hard to sit still . However, he was currently in front of Randolph, so he was embarrassed to walk around in a circle . Therefore, he can only take his teacup and kept turning it around .

After some time while looking at the ground, Smith looked at Randolph and said, “Father, if Little Hai succeeds, the rise of the Buda Clan would take zero effort . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “So now, we should give Little Hai our full support . If Little Hai succeeds, the Buda Clan would gain great benefits, but our Calci Family would profit off of it as well . Little Hai doesn’t need our help in dealing with Golden Island, but as long as Little Hai needs our help for something else, we must fully support him . Make sure to remember this . ”

Smith couldn’t help but smile when he heard Randolph, then he turned to Randolph and said, “Father, I also came her today for something else . This has a connection to the thing you said about fully supporting Little Hai . This is an important one . ”

Randolph looked at him and said, “What is it?”

Smith smiled and said, “Just earlier, Little Hai told me that Jason came to look for him and delivered a message from his family . The Crook Family sent a message telling Zhao Hai that they wanted to form an Eternal Alliance with the Buda Clan, making their families eternal allies . ”

When he heard about this, Randolph couldn’t help but stand up and walked around in circles . Smith looked at Randolph,thinking about

at Randolph,thinking about the matter made him smile . He didn’t think that walking in circles was actually hereditary .

After who knows how many circles, Randolph stopped . He turned his head to Smith and said, “Did Little Hai personally tell you this? This isn’t a mistake?”

Smith nodded and said, “It’s absolutely real . Father should know that Little Hai doesn’t say these kinds of things easily . And since he told me, it should be true . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “The Crook Family is good . Their vision is really good . We really need to completely support Little Hai . If Little Hai became eternal allies of the Crook Family, it would also be good for us . ”

Smith nodded and then said, “Father, there’s another thing . Little Hai told me that he wants to turn Golden Island into a free trading harbor . Pirates and Merchants would be able to trade freely in the island, he only needs to collect some taxes . Moreover, he shall also make a rule forbidding violence in a 1000 li radius outside the island . If this succeeds, then the Buda Clan would surely have great gains . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “It’s a good idea, if it becomes successful, Little Hai wouldn’t be worrying about money anymore . However, its early stages would be difficult, he would need enough naval might to shake those people . We shall fully support Little Hai in this matter . But it looks like Little Hai didn’t need our support in this . However, you should still go and find some little matters where we can insert ourselves . Also, there’s another point, don’t mix in sand . ”


Smith knitted his brows, then after some time he said, “Father, if we do that, wouldn’t some people in the clan object? Seeing Third Uncle’s stance, it seems like they want to control Little Hai . ”





* * *


  












Chapter 487 – Appearing Aggressive

Smith smiled when he heard Zhao Hai, he turned to Randolph and said, “Father, Little Hai used to tell me this, but since it was winter, there weren’t really good plants available . However, it seems like we need to go all out in helping Little Hai to acquire various plants . If Little Hai develops the antidote, then it would really be very good for us . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “Alright, go send the orders . Have the entire clan seek for strange plants, the more the better . Right Little Hai, do you need Magic Beasts as well?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I do . Magic Beasts can also be used for making medicine . The more the better . ”

Randolph gave a nod, then he looked at the people in the room and said, “Did you listen carefully? Fully coordinate with Little Hai . ” Those present didn’t dare to oppose it, they immediately agreed . All of them knew that this matter shouldn’t be neglected, it was very important for the family .

Zhao Hai looked at the others and sighed in relief . Then he turned his hand and retrieved a large bottle from the Space . This bottle had enough volume to contain ten jins of water . It was made of glass and was gotten from one of the Robert Family’s stores .

Naturally this bottle wasn’t special, its contents were . Randolph and the others looked at Zhao Hai, they don’t know why Zhao Hai retrieved such a big bottle .

Zhao Hai carefully placed the bottle beside Randolph and said, “Grandfather, the family should distribute this water to everyone . If they encounter any accidents or get poisoned, drinking this water will be very useful . ”

Randolph looked confused at Zhao Hai, “What is inside this bottle? Is it potion?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “The liquid in this bottle isn’t a potion . It is much more effective compared to a potion, this is Life Liquid!”[1]

Life Liquid! When they heard Zhao Hai say this, all of the people present breathed a cold air . Life Liquid was something very useful, no matter how rich you are, you might not be able to get





it .

Randolph stared at the bottle for quite some time, then he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, this, is this really Life Liquid?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, I’ve obtained this from a 9th rank expert of the Radiant Church . At the time, the 9th rank was cooperating with the Fighting Bulls to deal with the Herculean Bulls . When he was killed by me, I obtained this Life Liquid . I asked the person where he got it, he said that it was given to him . ”

Randolph nodded, he also got something from Zhao Hai’s words . He frowned and said, “The Radiant Church are meddling with the Beastmen?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he told Randolph about what happened the last time he was in the Prairie . He also introduced his status as a Prince of the Cow-headed race .

Randolph was surprised at Zhao Hai . He didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have such a status . Beastmen don’t trust humans, it was surprising to know that Zhao Hai was actually a Beastman Prince .

But then he immediately thought about the Radiant Church, he hesitated for a moment before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, since you now have some sort of status in the Beastman Prairie, you should play attention to the the movements of the Radiant Church in the Prairie . Know what they are planning to do . And if you can make the Beastmen turn on them, then that would be fantastic . ”

ZHao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Grandfather can feel relieved, I’ve already figured out the temperament of the Beastmen . It would be easy for the Beastmen to deal with the Radiant Church . There aren’t any radiant Church believers in the Prairie, as long as they are members of the Radiant Church, the Beastmen wouldn’t be able to trust them . ”

Randolph nodded and said, “I’ll accept your Life Liquid, it’s very useful for the current situation . Right, since you’ve given this to the family, the family wouldn’t be ungrateful . Now that you have the Golden Island as a territory, the family can provide you with a fleet to help manage it . ”

Zhao Hai declined





declined and said “Grandfather, doesn’t need to trouble himself . I really don’t need to deal with the pirates in Golden Island . Making the family move would be very troublesome . This Life Liquid isn’t very important to me, I also have some left on me . ”

Randolph nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai in appreciation . At this moment, he felt that Zhao Hai looked more pleasing to the eyes . He was a decent human being, a good leader, willing to help the Calci Family, even giving them Life Liquid . At this point, Zhao Hai was much better than the other members of the Calci Family .

Randolph looked at the other members of the family and said, “Alright, we have a lot of things to do . All of you know your assignments, go back and deal with the . Remember to not make any mistakes . ”

The others nodded, then Randolph made them disperse . Smith went with Zhao Hai to Rustling Tree Courtyard . The two sat on the living room, then Smith turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, how do you plan to handle Golden Island’s situation? I think you should be careful about this . Otherwise, it wouldn’t be only the Aksu Empire that would come after you, all of the noble controlled pirates would be going after you as well . You may even aggravate the situation even more . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he understood what Smith meant . But now that he knew the location of Golden Island as well as knowing about how lawless the place was . It would be a pity if he doesn’t make use of the pirates .

Of these pirates, it would be impossible for all of them to be affiliated to a Great Clan . Those who had connections could just sell their loot over to those Great Clans . However, for those who didn’t have any connections, they can only find a middleman and sell their loot at a much lower price .

There was a huge business opportunity here . Zhao Hai’s idea was to turn Golden Island into a free port . Pirates can trade on the island, but they have to pay





to pay a certain amount of tax . Merchants can trade here as well, and naturally, they would also be taxed .

Zhao Hai wanted Golden Island to be a place for Merchants, Pirates, and other influences to trade, like some sort of black market . He will place the tax here at a very low level . Pirates can also take refuge in the island . If he manages to achieve this goal, the island wouldn’t only be a goose that laid golden eggs, it would in itself turn into a golden goose .

When Smith asked him this question, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately tell him of his plans to make the island a free port, he just said, “It’s not difficult to subdue the island . Although its location was very special, it wasn’t irreplaceable for the pirates . In addition to the reputation that I have gained, those who would dare to attack me shouldn’t be true pirates . In the end, if anyone really wishes to challenge me, then I won’t be polite to them . ”

Smith knit his brows, he really didn’t want Zhao Hai to have any conflicts with Great Nobles . If the situation goes to south, things wouldn’t be good for Zhao Hai .

Looking at Smith’s expression, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Uncle, rest assured, the solution for Golden Island is nothing more than a two-step process . First step is to not attack them, make it known to them that we mean well while at the same time making them respect us . Second step is to then offer them benefits . This point is actually something that I needed uncle’s help with . I’m preparing to turn the island into a free trading harbor . No matter pirate or merchant, all of them can come to the island and trade . What does uncle think?”

Smith stared for a moment before his eyes lit up . He was a Merchant and he naturally understood what Zhao Hai was planning to do . If Zhao Hai really managed to accomplish this, then the yearly income of Golden Island would be comparable to Sky Water City, if not more .

However, he soon recovered from his thoughts as he frowned, “This

he frowned, “This is a really good idea . But if we really do as you said, then would Merchants really dare to go to Golden Island? Wouldn’t they be afraid to get robbed?”

Zhao Hao smiled faintly and said, “This is simple, I can just issue a rule disallowing violence inside Golden Island . I shall also make sure that the rule would get applied at a thousand li radius around the island’s waters . Those who dared violate this rule would get eliminated . With this, nobody should act unreasonably . What does uncle think about this?”

When Smith heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but look into Zhao Hai’s eyes . Zhao Hai was appearing very aggressive these past few days . Hearing him say that he would eliminate those who would dare violate his rule in a thousand li radius of the island seemed like he was also expressing his aggression at this time .

In the past, only Great Clans dared to speak such words, but now, Zhao Hai was also speaking it . This was undoubtedly due to the change in Zhao Hai’s status .

Moreover, Smith was certain that if Zhao Hai completes this matter, his Golden Island would surely become another Sky Water City, another huge trading harbor .

At this point, Smith was admiring Zhao Hai . He knew about the Buda Clan vanishing, but in just one year, they were able to reach this height . They can now appear on the continent, this was all because of their current strength, it was also because of Zhao Hai .

For a clan to survive, strength was an indispensable resource . However, strength alone was not enough, the clan also needed a smart leader and good direction . Zhao Hai’s leadership was already well proven . Having such a head, the Buda Clan would be able to overturn their past situation and became one of the powerful Clans of the Continent, the only thing that they require was time .

When Smith knew about Zhao Hai’s plan for Golden Island, he understood that the island would have a lot of work needed to be done . There were things that needed help, and Smith wanted to provide it .






* * *


  












Chapter 490 – Two Identities

The Crook Family’s lobby was relatively similar to the Calci Family’s . Although Jesse’s influence in the family was unprecedentedly high, the other members of the family still held their own power . If they united, Jesse wouldn’t have any choice but to surrender . But in addition to Jesse’s influence, his skill and wit was also good, drawing support from his family members . Because of all of these support, Jesse’s word carried heavy power, however, he was still polite to those who supported him .

After having sat down on the lobby, Jesse didn’t become polite as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I have a few things to say first . In my mind, you now have two identities . The first one is the Patriarch of the Buda Clan, and the other one is Jason’s friend . With your first identity, you’ll be my equal, in the other, I’m your elder . Which identity would you use today?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Grandfather, of course I’ll talk to you as Jason’s friend . I can only be the Patriarch of the Buda Clan in public . Privately, I’m Jason’s friend . You’re Jason’s Grandfather so you are naturally my elder . I will be speaking to you as a junior . ”

Jesse looked at Zhao Hai, he was waiting for this response . When Zhao Hai said it, he was certain about how this man carried great importance for sentiment . Such a man was worthy of the Crook Family’s full support, of being their ally .

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Jesse couldn’t’ help but laugh and said, “Alright, Little Hai, since you’ll treat me as an elder, I won’t be polite . I hope that the Buda Clan and the Crook Family can have an Eternal Alliance, becoming allies forever . I don’t know if Little Hai can agree?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Naturally I agree . But from the current matter, I think that the Crook Family would suffer a loss . ”

Jesse laughed and said, “Even if the Crook Family suffers some losses, it wouldn’t be for long . Alright, since this matter has been decided, we’ll go announce it in two days . Right, Little Hai, how about your new fief? Will you claim it? Or you’ll just leave it alone?”

Zhao Hai





smiled faintly and said, “Naturally, I’ll claim it . If I don’t, then wouldn’t that be a waste?”

Jesse frowned, “Little Hai, the situation with Golden Island isn’t simple . If you really want to claim it, it would be very difficult . Moreover, it might even lead to a war between two nations . ”

Zhao Hao coldly snorted and said, “War? I don’t think so . If the Aksu Empire really wants to contend for Golden Island with me, we’ll have to see if they have the ability . Rest assured, the Calci Family will fully support me, and if the Crook Family support me as well, the Aksu Empire wouldn’t have any choice other than recognize my claim over Golden Island . Grandfather, don’t forget, I’m still a noble from the Aksu Empire . If necessary, I can use this status as a leverage against them . ”

Jesse stared, then he immediately understood Zhao Hai . Even if Zhao Hai did have a stiff relationship with the Aksu Empire, he still had his title, he just cannot be attacked . In the end, his identity in Aksu Empire was still very useful .

Jesse nodded and said, “What would you plan to to do after securing Golden Island? You cannot mine gold from there anymore . ”

Zhao Hai smiled, “I haven’t thought about this yet . I’m still thinking about how to claim it . ”

But Jesse was an old fox, he knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t telling the truth from what he saw . He knew that Zhao Hai already had a clear idea but just didn’t want to reveal it at this time .

Jesse didn’t question him and just smiled and said, “Alright, today’s matter ends here . Everyone can disperse . Little Hai, accompany us to drink a few cups!”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “Grandfather, I’m preparing to visit the Third Prince this afternoon . Can we not drink today?”

Jesse doesn’t care, he stared at Zhao Hai with one eye and said, “No need to waste your breath, you’re drinking with us today . What’s there to be afraid of? When you visit the Third Prince later, the least he could do is reprimand you for being incompetent . ” When he heard Jesse, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly .

At noon, Jesse’s group and Zhao Hai drunk so much liquor that Zhao





Zhao Hai’s mind began to turn dizzy . Jesse wouldn’t be satisfied if they he don’t drink until he collapses, Zhao Hai had no other choice but to keep up .

But Zhao Hai still went to Charlie, he didn’t want to leave Charlie disappointed . When Zhao Hai left the fort, his appearance almost couldn’t be recognized . However, he immediately drank Life Liquid and recovered .

Megan felt very amused by this . The Calci Family treated Life Liquid as though it was a treasure while Zhao Hai just uses it to sober up . If the family knew about this, then it was certain that Randolph would kill Zhao Hai on the spot .

In Charlie’s mansion, the Third Prince was waiting for Zhao Hai in his front door . The two gave their respects to each other before going to the rear courtyard . Zhao Hai didn’t ask for tea from the servant, instead he asked for water since he was supposed to be drunk .

Charlie looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance and smiled, “What’s wrong? The Crook Family made you drink too much?”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “I didn’t know that they can drink so much . Have you tried having dozens of people offering you a toast? I was scared that I almost ran away from the table . ”

Charlie laughed and said, “The Crook Family is always like this . People from the Imperial Capital actually has a nickname for them, the Rascal Nobles . People from their family were well known to be troublemakers . There were few people who can receive their actions peacefully . ”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Who would’ve thought that such a very old man can be so shameless, really . ”

Charlie laughed, then after a while he said, “Right, what matter did you go to the Crook Family for? Did you only go to drink with them?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s a good thing, the Crook Family and my Buda Clan have formed an Eternal Alliance . In two days, their family will announce it to the outside world . ”

Charlie stared, then his face became happy as he said, “Really? That’s fantastic!”

Zhao Hai was on Charlie’s side . The strength of the Buda Clan was shown to be not weak, and they also had a good relationship with the Calci Family . This





This made Zhao Hai’s reputation change greatly . If you add the Calci Family’s full support for Zhao Hai, then even if Charlie fails the succession, keeping his title as a Prince wouldn’t be difficult . It might even be possible for him to be a Prince who held real power .

Of course, Charlie understood that he currently had the best chance of acquiring the throne . The Crown Prince used the strongest among the Princes, with Charlie coming close second . But since Charlie was acting low-key, nobody noticed it .

Afterwards, because of Terry, the Great Clans came to know that the Crown Prince had the Robert Family’s support . This was an extraordinary matter, the Crown Prince’s strength increased immediately, making him look like he would definitely get the throne .

But the sudden demise of the Robert Family, the appearance of Engraved Ark . and the Antimagic powder, placed the Crown Prince in an awkward position . These made the Crown Prince’s plans go into disarray . Because of his relationship with the Robert Family, he had displeased the current Emperor . He had also disappointed the Mages of the continent because of the Antimagic Powder . And because of Engraved Ark, the other nobles kept a safe distance away from him . At this point, he now became the most unlikely candidate to get the throne .

The Second Prince was too crude, he just couldn’t be compared to Charlie . Rising Water City and Jade Water City had always been in a competitive relationship . However, Rising Water City had no way no contend with the current Jade Water City . Therefore, it was impossible for the Second Prince to get the throne .

But Charlie was different, he had the very competent Zhao Hai by his side, who had just been rewarded by the Emperor with a title of Marquis as well as Golden Island as his fief . All of these affirmed Zhao Hai’s strength and status . This made Charlie’s influence increase . And adding the indirect support from the Calci and Crook Family to the mix, Charlie’s strength had now surpassed the Crown Prince by a few levels .

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Highness can feel relieved, this matter has already been settled, there will be no mistakes . ”

Charlie’s face was currently red . It


Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “It’s too early to say that I’m a lucky star . Right, your highness, I’m afraid that I’m going to be very busy for a while . I’m preparing to claim Golden Island . ”

Charlie stared and then he nodded, “Claiming Golden Island is also good . But this matter was not easy to do, have you thought about what to do after that?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he told Charlie about his plan to turn the island into a free harbor . While he was talking to Charlie, the other party listened closely as well . Charlie was surprised, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai’s plan for the island would be this big .

However, he still supported what Zhao Hai wanted to do . If this plan succeeds, it wouldn’t only benefit Zhao Hai and the Buda Clan, but him as well .

Thinking about this, Charlie then said to Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, I fully support your plan . If you want help, then I will provide help . But you have to give me one thing, if you succeed in making the place into a free harbor, then you have reserve a place for me to establish a shop . What do you think?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Highness is too polite, with our relationship, this is a natural thing to do . Rest assured, I will certainly have a piece of land for you in Golden Island . When that time comes, I’ll have to ask you for help and carry some goods over from Jade Water City . ”

Charlie became happy with Zhao Hai’s response . He was afraid that Zhao Hai might change his attitude towards him now that his status has increased . If Zhao Hai did, then it would be a great blow towards him .

If Zhao Hai leaves Charlie at this time, not only would he lose his strength, the blow on his reputation would be very heavy as well . He simply cannot forcefully keep a strong person like Zhao Hai . When that happens, how can he become the Emperor? People who were following him would lose confidence, and the current Emperor would feel disappointed in him .





* * *


  












Chapter 491 – Announcements

After coming back from Charlie’s place, Zhao Hai immediately returned to the Space . Laura and the others had been very busy these days . Now, the documents that they have acquired were already organized . Even though they didn’t read them, putting them into categories wasn’t very difficult . It has been two days since Zhao Hai asked the undead to write, Laura and the others were now in the final step in their task .

The reading materials were then divided into two classifications, those which were to be placed in Iron Mountain Fort to use for education, and those which were important to the Buda Clan and were placed inside a room in the Space’s Villa .

When Zhao Hai entered the Space, Laura and theo others were relaxing in the living room while drinking some tea . When they saw Zhao Hai enter, Laura immediately went to serve Zhao Hai a cup .

Looking at Zhao Hai somewhat red and smelt of alcohol, Laura knit her brows and said, “Brother Hai, you should drink less liquor . You smell like wine . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly and said, “I really don’t want to, but I have no choice . The Crook Family wanted to celebrate our Eternal Alliance while Charlie wanted to give me his regards . ”

Laura nodded, she also understood Zhao Hai’s position . Zhao Hai had a lot of matters to consider, returning another person’s courtesy wasn’t something that he can avoid . But she still felt grieved . [1]

Meg felt grieved as well, then she quickly said, “Young Master, you should bathe in the hot spring . That should make you comfortable . ”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment before nodding . Him smelling of wine made him very uncomfortable . Bathing in the hot spring would be great, the warmth would do him good .

While Zhao Hai went to soak in the hot spring, Laura and the others sat outside and continued chatting . Laura turned to Megan and said, “Megan, with Brother Hai’s title, how about we build a fort outside Carson City?”

Megan nodded and said, “That’s a good idea, but I’m afraid that Big Brother Hai wouldn’t agree . It costs a lot of money to build a fort,





and all of the nice hills around the capital are already taken . The ones that are unoccupied aren’t very good . ”

Laura thought for a moment and said, “Or Brother Hai can just ask His Majesty to take over Robert Family’s place . In any case, nobody would want to take their fort . ”

Meg knitted her brows and said, “I don’t like it . The Robert Family has been eliminated by us . Occupying their fort would seem very strange . ”

Megan nodded and said, “I don’t like it as well . And His Majesty likely won’t agree to it . I think we should just built one for ourselves, we can’t skim on the money . Building a fort around Carson City is also a status symbol . This would show how dedicated one was towards the crown . ”

Laura knit her brows and said, “There’s that as well . If we can build a fort around Carson City, then it would be good for the Buda Clan’s face . I think we should discuss this matter with Grandpa Green . ”

Megan nodded, “We should ask Grandpa Green and the others’ opinion . This isn’t a minor matter, this would affect the Buda Clan’s future . ”

Laura nodded, then the group talked about other topics . Before long, Zhao Hai came out of the hot spring looking very neat . Laura told Zhao Hai about what they had discussed, he didn’t oppose to it, in fact, he was very interested .

However, constructing a castle cannot be done in one or two days . Zhao Hai told them that it would be better to solve the matter with Golden Island before thinking about a fort . Laura and the others naturally agreed .

The night went by uneventfully, then the next morning Smith informed Zhao Hai that the Calci Family would be having a banquet in Dark Soldier Fort . This was to celebrate Zhao Hai becoming a Marquis .

Zhao Hai didn’t decline, he knew that this was part of the process of being a noble . This banquet can also make him better known to these Great Nobles . It would let these nobles be aware of his existence .

The banquet went very successfully . Zhao Hai’s name





name was very resounding in the Rosen Empire recently . These nobles wouldn’t dare to not give Zhao Hai face .

Additionally, these nobles aren’t fools . From the strength that Zhao Hai has shown, as well as having the support of both the Calci Family and the Third Prince Charlie, these nobles knew that the Buda Clan was on its way to greatness . At this time, these nobles wouldn’t miss the opportunity to make an early impression .

The day after Zhao Hai’s banquet, the Crook Family formally announced their Eternal Alliance with the Buda Clan . This was without a doubt a huge bomb, making the people look into the Buda Clan yet again .

There were no nobles that didn’t know what an Eternal Alliance meant . No noble would dare violate an Eternal Alliance, if they went back on their word, they would get ostracized by the other nobles . When that happens, they wouldn’t have any other place to survive in the continent .

After hearing this announcement, the old nobles immediately knew that the Buda Clan was no longer worse than they are .

While the waves of this announcement was still echoing on the continent, another news came that made the continent shocked even more . The Shelley Family released word of their alliance with the Buda Clan .

An Alliance and an Eternal Alliance were different . Although an Alliance can also make two parties allies, both of them weren’t bound by being an eternal ally . An ally was just what it states, when one of them gets into trouble, the other would give some help . The two’s relationship can just be considered to lighter than an Eternal Alliance .

The Shelley family’s fame was very huge in the continent . They held the most profitable hotel business in the continent . All of the Great Nobles respect them as a Merchant Family . For them to form an alliance with the Buda Clan came as a surprise, this made the people anticipate for the future .

This matter was already known to Zhao Hai . When he arrived at Carson City, this matter was discussed to him by the Shelley Family, of which he agreed . His alliance with the Shelley Family was settled much earlier than





earlier than the Crook Family, Zhao Hai just chose not to announce it .

The Buda Clan was quite busy recently, so they hadn’t had much chance to announce the alliance . Now that the Shelly Family made the announcement, Zhao Hai’s clan would get very great benefits .

The Shelley Family also understood that in the end, they were just a Merchant Clan . If they made an alliance with the up and coming Buda Clan, they could only benefit without losing anything .

Although having an alliance with the Buda Clan would have an effect on their businesses outside the Rosen Empire, the Shelley Family believed that they would be able to take this loss, they have enough reserves from their many years of operation . On the other hand, if they let this opportunity for an alliance with the Buda Clan slip by, they would find it difficult to find another one .

When Shelley Family announced their alliance with the Buda Clan, the people of the continent went into an uproar . Now, there was nobody who underestimated the Buda Clan .

However, there were also people who took this opportunity to humiliate the Buda Clan . These people were no other than the Aksu Empire . The Aksu Empire used this time to come out and announce in a high profile manner that they absolutely couldn’t agree with the Rosen Empire’s reward for the Buda Clan . If the Buda Clan dared to lay claim on Golden Island, they wouldn’t hesitate to use force in occupying the place .

This wasn’t a warning, but a threat . WIth the Aksu Empire’s announcement, the people turned their attention to the Rosen Empire and the Buda Clan .

The Rosen Empire didn’t respond . They just declared that Golden Island would be the perpetual fief of the Buda Clan . The only people who will own the island would be the Buda Clan . If the Buda Clan asked the empire for help, they would without a doubt provide it, this was because Zhao Hai was a noble of the Rosen Empire .

The nobles of the continent weren’t fools . They all knew that the Rosen Empire was just doing this to aggravate the situation between Aksu Empire and the Buda Clan .

When Zhao Hai saw how tyrannical

saw how tyrannical the Aksu Empire had become, he also released his own statement . He gave a strong word that Golden Island completely belonged to his Buda Clan . This was the territory that was bestowed to him by the Rosen Empire, those would dare to oppose this decision would be challenging the Buda Clan . He wouldn’t hold back in using force .

This statement of Zhao Hai was also a warning for the pirates that were occupying the island .

Regarding Zhao Hai’s announcement, the Aksu Empire immediately fired back, laying claim to the island, announcing that it is the Aksu Empire’s territory . Those who dared to occupy the island would meet the fiercest attack of the empire .

Zhao Hai released another statement, giving all those who were currently occupying the island ten days to leave . Ten days later, if people were still occupying the island, the Buda Clan would dispatch their own troops and deal with those people with no mercy .

This situation made the continent riled up . Everyone was anticipating about whether the Buda Clan would actually send troops to the island ten days later . Zhao Hai actually declared that he would deal with Golden Island’s matter in ten days .

At this time, a Blood Hawk was carrying the Ghost Staff as it kept flying around Golden Island; not only to monitor the place, but to also see the Aksu Empire’s action .

After Zhao Hai’s declaration, the pirates immediately left the island . Whether it be the Buda Clan or the Aksu Empire’s threats, Golden Island was no longer a good place to stay in . Therefore, all of them went and left the island .

Just like what Zhao Hai said, even if Golden Island was a crucial location, it wasn’t that important for the pirates . The pirates only occupied the island because nobody owned it . But now that the Buda Clan made their claim, the pirates would naturally avoid offending them .

Zhao Hai’s ruthlessness was well known in the continent . He was able to eliminate the Robert Family, in front of such a person, these pirates were naturally afraid .






* * *


  












Chapter 492 – Switching Owners in One Night

Zhao Hai was very glad about the pirate’s response, but he also felt a bit of regret . He really didn’t want all of these pirates to run away . If all of them left, nobody would remain on the island, and he wouldn’t have any excuse to attack those pirates . These pirates have looted for many years, they should have a lot of good things in their hand . If all of these ends up in Zhao Hai’s hands, he can surely make a great profit .

Zhao Hai was now a little obsessed with robbing people . Taking things by force made more profit than any other business, and its earning was gained all at once .

But Zhao Hai knew that it was impossible, the reason he made his announcement was to make these pirates leave . He knew from Smith that these pirates certainly had a major power as their backing . If he said nothing and just attacked the pirates, he would be offending a lot of people . Then, the Buda Clan would be placed in a disadvantageous position .

He issued his statement with a heavy tone so that the pirates would leave . If there were still some groups who remained, then nobody can blame Zhao Hai for killing them .

However, Zhao Hai underestimated his image in the hearts of the major influences of the continent . These people weren’t fools, they knew that Zhao Hai was strong, they were also aware of how formidable his web of relationships was . Because of this, nobody dared to go head to head with Zhao Hao at this time since they still want to live . Therefore, they immediately had their pirates leave and find another place to settle in .

In fact, Golden Island wasn’t the original lair of these pirates . They all have their own hideouts and were just using Golden Island as a trading hub . Pirates would trade with each other here with goods that had dirt cheap prices . They would trade living commodities here as well, allowing them to survive for a long time at sea .

Also, even if these pirates stay in Golden Island all year round, they still kept their base on other islands . Therefore, they immediately left the moment their backers told them to retreat .

These pirates also understood what when the Buda Clan goes to the island, the Aksu Empire would make a move . At that time, Gold Island would become a battlefield, and these pirates didn’t want to get caught in the crossfire . They knew that they weren’t qualified to join in .

After the pirates left, Zhao Hai switched his focus on the Aksu Empire and the Rosen Empire . The nearest territory to Golden Island belonged to Southern King Boris . With Zhao Hai’s enmity with him, it would





be impossible for Boris to let this opportunity go .

The Rosen Empire might also carry bad intentions . They bestowed Golden Island to Zhao Hai not only because they want Zhao Hai to aggravate his conflict with the Aksu Empire, but also because they wanted to terrorize the Aksu Empire’s waters . Zhao Hai was afraid that the Rosen Emperor was just using him and would then have him removed when the matter gets finished . Because of this, he was also keeping a keen eye on the Rosen Empire .

However, he placed more importance with regards to the Aksu Empire’s actions . In Rosen Empire, he has Charlie, the Calci family, and the Crook Family . If the Rosen Empire wishes to make a move, he had people who will come and inform him . Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t worry much about Rosen Empire . But with regards to Aksu Empire, Zhao Hai had no choice but to stay vigilant .

Sure enough, as Zhao Hai thought, the Aksu Empire has assembled more than 500 large and small ships and were preparing to occupy Golden Island .

Seeing this scene, Zhao Hai didn’t make a move . He just calmly stayed inside Dark Soldier fort everyday . Some days, he would attend some noble banquets while having a carefree expression, as if he has forgotten about Golden Island .

Such actions made the people of both the Aksu and Rosen Empire confused . They didn’t know what he was doing, it seems like his prior statement was a lie .

Only Laura and the others understood what Zhao Hai was planning, he was waiting for the Aksu Empire’s fleet to arrive at Golden Island . As soon as the fleet reached the island, Zhao Hai would immediately appear and release his undead to wipe them out . Then, he would turn the fleet into his own undead navy .

Zhao Hai’s actions made the people of the continent confused, they began to despise him as well . But nobody said anything to his face . After all, even if they think that Zhao Hai’s strength was weak, he wasn’t someone that common folk can offend .

Boris’ fleet didn’t care about Zhao Hai’s inaction . No matter what happened, they still started their operations . More than 500 ships started to sail from the Aksu Empire’s southern port of Sula and were headed towards Golden Island .

Smith and the others were puzzled about Zhao Hai’s actions as well . They asked Zhao Hai what he was doing, but Zhao Hai just gave them a smile and didn’t answer .

Two days before the arrival of the Aksu Empire fleet, the Rosen Emperor suddenly summoned Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai knew why the Emperor called for him, he didn’t say anything and just immediately boarded his carriage as it went towards the Imperial Palace .

This time, the only people present in their





their meeting was the Emperor and Zhao Hai . They were in a place at the rear part of the palace, inside the Emperor’s study . Zhao Hai gave his greetings to the Emperor before he was invited to sit down .

After Zhao Hai sat down, the Emperor looked at him and said, “Marquis Zhao Hai, do you know the movement of the Aksu Empire’s fleet?”

Zhao Hai didn’t expect that the Emperor would be this direct, he immediately answered, “Answering his Majesty, this official knows . ”

The Emperor nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and seriously said, “I wonder if Marquis Zhao Hai has any plans for it . You should know that Golden Island was bestowed to you by the Rosen Empire . You shouldn’t let those Aksu Empire savages snatch it . Do you understand?”

Zhao Hai quickly responded, “This official understands . Your Highness can rest assured, Golden Island will forever belong to the Rosen Empire under the rule of the Buda Clan . This official wouldn’t hand it over to anyone, His Majesty doesn’t need to worry . ”

When the Emperor heard Zhao Hai’s answer, his expression turned slightly mellower, he nodded and said, “It’s good that you understand . Marquis Zhao Hai, you are now a Marquis of the Rosen Empire, a subject under the crown . If there are matters that are out of your control, then Rosen Empire can provide you with help . ”

Zhao Hai understood what the Emperor meant . The Emperor was afraid that Zhao Hai didn’t have the strength to handle this matter, so he told Zhao Hai that if he couldn’t solve this situation, the Rosen Empire will act for him .

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “His Majesty can feel relieved, this official can certainly deal with a small thief . What this official wants to do is to invite the thief inside the house and then close the door behind him . This way, he wouldn’t be able to escape . ”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Emperor stared, then he immediately laughed and said, “Alright, Marquis Zhao Hai . Remember those words that you said, do not disappoint me . ”

Zhao Hai stood up and gave a salute, “His Majesty can be assured, this official surely won’t betray your expectations . ”

The Emperor nodded, “Alright, you can go back . This Emperor shall be watching your performance . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then after he gave another salute, he asked to be excused .

It was already the eighth day in Zhao Hai’s ten-day announcement . In two days, Zhao Hai’s deadline would be done, at the same time, Aksu Empire’s fleet would arrive at the island .

Now, every person in the continent had focused their sights on Zhao Hai . They wanted to know what Zhao Hai would do . But in the end, they were left disappointed, it seems like Zhao Hai wasn’t planning to do anything . He





He still stayed inside Dark Soldier Fort and occasionally attended noble banquets with a smile on his face .

At this time, a lot of people believed that Zhao Hai had already accepted his fate . In their minds, they couldn’t blame Zhao Hai, the other party has dispatched more than 500 ships . The fleet had about 200 ironclad ships, and more than 300 three masted battleships . The sailors numbered several hundred thousand people . Moreover, the number of 8th ranks that the Aksu Empire had sent numbered about a thousand people . They had also heard that a 9th rank expert was in charge of the operation . In this case, Zhao Hai would have no choice but to give up .



But there were still nobles who went to ridicule Zhao Hai . The Buda Clan’s reputation had been rising too quickly, this made people feel uncomfortable with their rise .

Two days passed by in a flash as people kept watching the Aksu Empire fleet . The fleet had already entered Golden Island’s waters and were preparing to land . It seems like they were preparing to station their troops there .

Sure enough, as soon as the Aksu Empire’s fleet came to land, the Empire immediately declared that Golden Island was an inseparable territory of the Aksu Empire . They even want to build a naval base on the island .

Aksu Empire’s statement made the people on the continent speechless . Then, all of them simultaneously turned their heads towards Rosen Empire . In their minds, Zhao Hai was already not in the equation . What they paid attention to right now was the Rosen Empire, they wanted to know how the Rosen Empire reacts towards Aksu Empire’s obvious provocation . They waited to see where the situation boils down to .

However, what made them surprised was the nonresponsive stance of the Rosen Empire . It seems like the Rosen Empire chose to swallow this time’s humiliation, it seemed very strange .

Under the looking eyes of the continent’s people, the Aksu Empire spent ten days doing construction . In this ten days, Zhao Hai didn’t have any response while the Aksu Empire went all out, freighters kept coming and going to the island carrying building materials on board . They didn’t stop for even a minute, hundreds of thousands of man-hours were used . In the end, with the help of Mages, the naval base took roughly ten days before completion .

The establishment of the naval base symbolized Aksu Empire’s victory . In the minds of the people, with Aksu Empire’s naval base on Golden Island, the Rosen Empire would find it very hard if they wanted to take it away . Also, at this point, it seems like the Buda Clan was already forgotten .

Ten days after the Aksu Empire’s fleet landed on the island, their naval base was already up and running,

up and running, all of the people involved were celebrating in the evening . While the celebration was taking place, countless undead suddenly appeared on the island . The assault spread all throughout the island, including inside the Aksu Empire battleships . The slaughter continued on until daytime arrived .

Nobody knew about what happened on Golden Island that evening . The people just noticed that on the next day, the flags of the Aksu Empire were nowhere to be seen, in their place, Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon Banners were waving with vigour . Aksu Empire’s naval base was turned into the Buda Clan’s base as well . At the same time, Aksu Empire ships were being blocked when they tried approaching the island .

The overnight transformation made everyone shocked . They didn’t know what just happened . Did Aksu Empire’s fleet do a collective revolt?

While the people on the continent were baffled, Zhao Hai had already left Carson City . He rode his carriage and travelled using his ship to head towards Golden Island .

Everyone turned their gazes towards Zhao Hai again . At his side were the same people, the two servants, his three fiances, and one maid, nobody else . The carriage and the ship only had them as passengers .

However, when these people saw Zhao Hai’s carriage and his ship, all of them gave way . They wanted to see what would happen when Zhao Hai arrives at Golden Island . They wanted to see whether he would be warmly welcomed or turned back .

Before long, they got their answer . When Zhao Hai entered the island’s marine region, the Aksu Empire fleet immediately escorted him towards the docks . When Zhao Hai arrived at the island, he immediately made a declaration, “The Aksu Empire’s fleet have all been turned into my undead . If the Aksu Empire didn’t immediately construct their naval base, their fleet would’ve been exterminated the day they stepped foot on the island . Let this be a lesson to the Aksu Empire! Let this also be a warning to those in the continent who wishes to invade Golden Island . Take the Aksu Empire’s fleet as an example!”

Such remark immediately made the entire continent speechless . However, they didn’t suspect ZHao Hai’s words . This was because when Zhao Hai made his announcement, the Aksu Empire sent another fleet to attack Golden Island . In the end, they were repelled by the original fleet . In the process of their battle, the people on Aksu Empire’s second fleet noticed that the people they were fighting with were all undead!

Their testimony confirmed Zhao Hai’s statement . This made the backs of everyone in the continent turn cold . They felt shocked by Zhao Hai’s method, and then they felt fear . In their minds, Zhao Hai was no longer a person, but a living devil instead!”





* * *


  












Chapter 493 – Golden Island Finally Belongs To Someone

The scale of the Aksu Empire fleet was well known to all the people because all of them were looking into this event . What the Aksu Empire sent this time weren’t only ship crews and some combatants, they also sent in artisans to help make the naval base .

The people on the more than 500 battleships, along with some artisans and coolies, all add up to hundreds of thousands of people, how many people was that? Moreover, those hundreds of thousands were turned into undead by Zhao Hai . If he wasn’t a devil, then what was he?

Although there were other people who killed more than a hundred thousand people before, most of them were still relatively lenient . On the other hand, Zhao Hai didn’t even bat an eye when killing those more than a hundred thousand people and then turning them into undead .

This announcement by Zhao Hai made every single person in the continent shocked, they were even more shocked by Zhao Hai’s strength . What kind of person can make more than a hundred thousand undead? How strong was Zhao Hai really? All of these questions placed Zhao Hai behind a mysterious veil .

The major influences in the continent wanted to lift this veil not only because of curiosity, but also for their interests . Zhao Hai’s strength and methods were really scary .

When people went to investigate Zhao Hai, they suddenly discovered that he quite had a terrible youth . For the first eighteen years of his life, he was a standard playboy; overbearing, prideful, and didn’t learn any talent nor skill . He was a low class playboy .

When he drank the Water of Nothingness and banished to the Black Wastelands, he suddenly made his transformation . Several months later, a person named Zhao Hai appeared on the continent .

As soon as he came out, he immediately took care of an group of undead mercenaries before he established his own business . Then, he became an enemy of both the Radiant Church as well as the Markey Family . After killing their people, Zhao Hai then ran away to the Prairie .

After coming out of the prairie, he turned into another appearance as he arrived at Rosen Empire . There, he managed to bring down Grand Duke Lionheart, having





Lionheart’s entire clan slaughtered . Then, he was acted upon by the Calci Family, where in the end, the family admitted defeat . Zhao Hai also rescued the Purcell Duchy from their demise, obtaining about 100 thousand undead in the process . He also revealed that he had at least 10 thousand undead Beastman cavalry . When he extinguished the Robert Family, people found out about his method, he killed every single person of the Robert Family, not even a living witness remained . Moreover, he also turned all of the Robert Family into undead . Then, their investigations arrived to the Aksu Empire’s fleet .

Now, from the people’s calculation, Zhao Hai should already have about 1 million undead in his hand! About 1 million Advanced level undead? What did this represent? Not to say any ordinary noble clan, even millenium-old clans and the giant Rosen Empire might not even dare to offend him easily .

One could say that people cannot connect the previous Zhao Hai to his present form . In the past, the Buda Clan doesn’t even have a 9th rank expert, and was also dumped into the Black Wasteland . However, this was not the case this time, people have heard that Zhao Hai has 9th rank experts among his people . And adding on his status as the son-in-law of the Calci Family as well as the Eternal Ally of the Crook Family, those who would dare offend him would probably might as well have their heads bashed in by a closing gate .

The moment Zhao Hai stepped foot on Golden Island, the whole continent turned silent, even the Aksu Empire didn’t make a sound .

Then, Zhao Hai immediately stated that Golden Island would be turned into the continent’s first free harbor . Anyone can come here for business, regardless of status and background . As long as they pay taxes and don’t stir up any trouble, they can do business on the island . At the same time, Zhao Hai also stated that on a 1000 li radius around the island, his policy of non-violence must also be followed . Those who dared violate his rules would be killed immediately!

If it was the past Zhao Hai who issued this killing order, people wouldn’t have believed it . But now, Zhao Hai’s voice wasn’t something that the major influences wouldn’t dare





dare to not listen to .

Strength decides everything, and Zhao Hai did have the strength . Therefore, this killing order was immediately followed . This was because people were very aware of the current strength of the Buda Clan .

The more than 500 undead-filled battleships of the Buda Clan can certainly enforce the rule on a 1000 li radius .

After Zhao Hai released his statement, the Aksu Empire released another announcement that was very thought provoking: Count Zhao Hai Buda of the Aksu Empire has been awarded the title of Third-Class Marquis . The Buda Clan is also awarded the fief of Golden Island as their perpetual domain .

This statement was really interesting . The relationship between Zhao Hai and the Aksu Empire was very well known . It can be said that this statement was the Aksu Empire’s way of admitting defeat .

This made the people on the continent very puzzled . They couldn’t understand why the Aksu Empire suddenly admitted defeat . They should at least send 9th rank experts to deal with Zhao Hai .

Then, a piece of information immediately circulated . The Aksu Empire did indeed send out 9th rank experts to deal with Zhao Hai . But the five 9th ranks that they sent out to Golden Island wasn’t able to return . This made the Aksu Empire accept their defeat .

Although not confirmed, the people of the continent believed that this information was real . This was because they knew that if the Aksu Empire didn’t send 9th ranks to the island, they wouldn’t admit their defeat this easily .

No matter what reason, the Aksu Empire’s statement settled the matter of Golden Island’s ownership once and for all . From now on, the Buda Clan would own the entirety of the island .

When this matter was settled, the people turned their attention to what Zhao Hai said before, turning the island into a free harbor .


This free harbor would give the pirates a place to publicly sell their loot . This was very attractive, however, nobody still went to Golden Island because they were scared . After all, this was a place





a place where hundreds of thousands of people have died, it was not a mystery that they would be afraid .

With the people’s response, Zhao Hai didn’t worry . At this moment, he was inspecting Golden Island .

Although Zhao Hai had already seen the island on the monitor, being here today felt very different . Zhao Hai now knew why pirates occupied the place, it was because the destruction brought by gold mining was extremely serious .

The entire island looked like a worm eaten apple, full of holes . The way the people mined this place was much different from how Dwarves mined Iron Mountain .

Dwarf mining didn’t leave behind a lot of tunnels, if there wasn’t a lake in the middle, Zhao Hai would have been certain that the Dwarves made a city inside Iron Mountain . On the other hand, Golden Island was very different . There were a lot of tunnels here, so many that Zhao Hai wasn’t able to count all of them . So he let Cai’er do the counting and in the end, the large and small tunnels numbered up to more than 20 thousand .

These twenty thousand tunnels made the originally small Golden Island look like face full of sores, horrifying to look at . Also, even if the vegetation slowly came back to the island after a thousand years, with the prior destruction of the island, there were no tall trees that grew here, only weeds were present .

There were two mountains in Golden Island, making a T-shaped structure in the island . But these two mountains were riddled with tunnels as well, they had suffered very serious destruction .

But fortunately, the original miners on the island still had a bit of brain left . Although the tunnels weren’t connected, there were roads made on the mountainside since transporting ores was difficult . Although many years has passed since then, the roads can still be used .

Zhao Hai looked at the tunnels in the island and can see traces of people living on some of them . What Zhao Hai was puzzled about was the fact that there were no Magic Beasts that can be seen on the island .

Although it was strange, Zhao Hai didn’t think too much about it . Aksu Empire’s naval base was constructed on the tunnels of the island .

island . From what Zhao Hai saw, the naval based used nearly a thousand tunnels and caves for places of rest . It also had one of the largest piers of the island, which was also constructed in between stone walls . Looking at the naval base, it wouldn’t be a problem for it to be home to tens of thousands of people .

The base was built underneath a part of the T-shaped mountain formation . Because of the joint effort from Mages, workers, and warriors, the base was built to a very high standard . This base was completely ready for Zhao Hai to use . The undead who weren’t on board the ships were made to stay in the naval base .

For the Golden Island to successfully become a free harbor, it needed ironclad rules that should be enforced . These undead would be the on the island to keep the place in order .

Besides the undead, Zhao Hai had also released large quantities of marine Magic Beasts to protect the waters around the island as well as to monitor the surrounding activities .

In reality, Zhao Hai wasn’t really very invested in Golden Island . For him, this was only a place to make money . When speaking about environment, he much prefers Ape Island, where the atmosphere was better than Golden Island .

Zhao Hai decided to stay at the base after arriving at the island . Then, he transferred some managers from Iron Mountain fort to manage the administrative matters of the island . The other matters were handed over to the undead .

What Zhao Hai needed to do right now was to repair the island’s roads, only then can he be comfortable opening the island for business .

Zhao Hai already thought about the situation . Nobody came to the island because nobody took the first step . But he wasn’t afraid of this not happening, he had the Calci Family, the Crook Family, the Shelley Family, and Charlie . All of them wanted to do business in the island and open their own stores . Also, Zhao Hai didn’t believe that these people would be so clean to not have one or two privateer groups under their control . As long as those pirates enter the island and take the first step, others would follow .





* * *


  












Chapter 494 – Plate Silk Grass

Although there was nothing in the island right now, as soon as its function as a free port goes full throttle, everything will fall into place . Do you want to do business in the island? Then you will only be provided a piece of land, the other matters are for you to deal with . If you want to use a tunnel for yourself, then go and make your own structures, the island would give you preferential treatment .

If you don’t want to make your own structure, then that wouldn’t be a problem . The island would help you construct it, however, you need to remember to pay the fees .

Zhao Hai already thought about how Iron Mountain fort had nothing right now . So what did he do about the artisans that the Aksu Empire brought here? If he didn’t use them, then it would be a pity . Because of this, Zhao Hai has thought about making a construction team and having them build some structures for him . After all, even if they are undead, their capabilities aren’t much less than those who were alive .

A group of 8th rank undead builders constructing a house, what scene would that be? Thinking about this made Zhao Hai smile . He believed that if this construction force were to be brought back to earth, their bosses would certainly make sure that they get their wages on time .

Zhao Hai used this construction group to build a small building outside the naval base first . This building would be used by the managers that he had brought from Iron Mountain Fort .

These staff that were from Iron Mountain fort was naturally Laura’s subordinates . All of Laura’s people were capable of handling an important task by themselves . Placing them in Iron Mountain to teach as well as to command undead was too much of a waste .

Zhao Hai didn’t really want to kill those coolies and artisans . However, he didn’t have any choice since the artisans themselves took up their own weapons and fought against him . Because of this, Zhao Hai had no choice but to end them .

A thing that made Zhao Hai happy was the number of Mages present this time . Majority of these Mages were Earth Mages and Water Mages .





This was because they had the most use in constructing a naval base .

Aksu Empire got together and sent forth about a thousand Mages . Moreover, the levels of these Mages aren’t low since they needed to create a naval base at the shortest time possible . This was to ensure that the Aksu Empire held the advantage in the future sea battles around the island .

However, it was a pity that this naval base was handed to Zhao Hai . Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to wait until the fleet stepped foot on the island before he made his move and extinguish them . Who would’ve known that as soon as the fleet arrived, they would immediately construct a naval base . This gave Zhao Hai an idea, they want to construct a base? Fantastic! Then he would just have to wait until they are done before he stepped in and clean them up .

It would be impossible for all of these builders to participate in making the small building . Zhao Hai was planning to make a five story building, the first floor would be used for working, while the remaining ones are going to be used for living quarters . The remaining coolies and artisans were sent out to repair the roads of the island .

Zhao Hai remembers a very famous slogan in China . If you want to be rich, then build proper roads first . If Zhao Hai wants to attract merchants to Golden Island, then he would naturally have to provide them with a good environment . So Zhao Hai was also preparing to improve the overall facade of the island .

What was something that was abundant in the island? The answer was tunnels . There were a lot of tunnels and caves in the island . Some of them were interconnected with each other, while some were just dead ends .

Inside those tunnels and caves were weeds that needed to be dealt with . But when Zhao Hai saw these weeds, he found out that they were weeds that he hadn’t seen before . He became curious about them so he placed some of them into the Space, “Thousand-year old grass detected . Has strong medicinal functions . They might look like individual blades of grass, but all of them are interconnected with each other, making the grass





grass have a strong vitality . It is recommended that the host transfers all of the grass into the Space . The Space would use its property to improve its grass as well as the growth of the plants inside . ”

The Space didn’t hint that the grass can make it level up, nor did it provide the rank of the grass . However, the function of the grass made Zhao Hai glad . With these properties, he didn’t wait for a moment before he started to collect them .

As long as he can upgrade the Space, Zhao Hai wouldn’t hesitate even if he needed to uproot all of the weeds inside Golden Island .

Presently, the way that Zhao Hai can receive items have become much easier . In the past, he would open a spatial rift before he can store the items . Now, after the Space has gone through its upgrades, as long as the item was within a kilometer from Zhao Hai, he can immediately get them . Even if it was underground, it didn’t matter, it can still be absorbed into the Space .

Zhao Hai immediately moved, it took him five days before he swept the island clean of weeds . Every weed and shrub was received into the Space .

Zhao Hai was very surprised when he was taking the weeds . When he gets them, he also made sure to get the soil a meter around them as well . He was afraid that he might damage the roots of those weeds .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t expect that the roots of these weeds could actually reach more than 2 meters into the ground, some of them were even rooted into the bedrock .

After Zhao Hai took every plant in Golden Island, the Space gave a prompt, “Massive amounts of wood energy received . Space’s level has reached 49 . Plants can be improved, making them interdependent . The Wood energy has been added to the Metal energy, upgrading the host’s body . Host has now acquired Plant Manipulation . ”

When Zhao Hai heard this announcement, his mind went blank . At its current state, it was really very hard for the Space to level up . With the amount that he took in, he only managed to upgrade the Space by one level .

But Zhao Hai having Plant Manipulation





Plant Manipulation was a very extraordinary matter . He can already control metal, now he can control plants as well .

He also knew that with all of his efforts, he can only control 100 jin of metal at most . With this, he also knew that he would need to practice Plant manipulation in order to be good in it .

But all in all, Zhao Hai was very happy . At this point, the only thing that bothered Zhao Hai was the fact that there was no longer any vegetation present on the island, it was now a barren island .

Zhao Hai clearly knew that it would be troublesome if there weren’t any vegetation on the island . When a storm comes, landslides and mudslides could become common . When that happens, the island wouldn’t be suitable for humans anymore .

While Zhao Hai was bothered, he suddenly heard fluttering of wings . Zhao Hai was surprised, did the Space release a flying Magic Beast on its own? At this time, the sound of the wings vanished, then while Zhao Hai was confused, a voice came, “Young Master, I levelled up!”

Zhao Hai stared, then when he followed the sound, he saw Cai’er . Cai’er wasn’t finger sized any more, she was now almost as tall as his arm, but her outfit wasn’t changed . However, it wasn’t undeniable that Cai’er had indeed leveled up .

Cai’er flew towards Zhao Hai’s side before she said, “Young Master, this is fantastic! With my level up, even a dozen 9th ranks wouldn’t be able to damage me . I can also make more branches . I can control the plants in the Space as well as improving them . I can even fuse two seeds together in order to make a new seed .

Zhao Hai was surprised, he s looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, are saying the truth? Did you really level up?” Cai’er nodded and said, “Young Master, I really leveled up . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh happily and said, “Fantastic! Cai’er, that’s fantastic . Right, I have a problem, you can see that all of Golden Island’s vegetation has been uprooted by me . I want to plant new ones here, what do you think I should plant?”

Cai’er looked at Golden Island and made some calculations before she turned to Zhao Hai and said,” Young Master, there is a

there is a plant that is very suitable for Golden Island . It’s a plant in the Space’s shop called Plate Silk Grass . According to the Space, it is a recreational plant . If it is planted in an incompatible land, then it would take a few years before it fully grows . Since it’s very compatible to Golden Island, it would grow on its own when planted . It also has some medicinal effects according to the Space . After improving its seeds, it would become more suitable for the island . Young Master can plant some seeds and spread them all over the island . If you sprinkle them with the Space’s water, they would be able to grow quickly . And when they reach their full growth, Young Master can then leave them alone . Every year, young master can also harvest some plate silk grass three times . Plate Silk Grass can be made into medicine . It can also be woven, items made from woven Plate Silk Grass can bring benefits to both Mage and Warrior cultivation . The effect can continue for two years . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then he looked at the shop . Not only did this plant exist, it actually appeared in the Journey to the west . This thing was truly a recreational plant . In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t see this plant in the store, it seems like after the Space leveled up, it suddenly appeared .

Zhao Hai looked at its price, 1000 gold coins for single bag that can cover a hundred mu of land . But Golden Island’s area seemed to be about a hundred thousand mu . If Zhao Hai wishes to plant Plate Silk Grass all over the island, he would need to fork out 1 million gold coins .

Without hesitation, Zhao Hai immediately bought more than 1 million gold’s worth of Plate Silk Grass seeds before he spread it around the island and watered it with Spatial Water . There wasn’t a limit on Spatial Water now, so Zhao Hai can feel relieved in using it this way .

After being watered with Spatial Water, the Plate Silk Grass immediately started to grow . Zhao Hai didn’t think that it would only take ten hours before the whole island would be covered by Plate Silk Grass .





* * *


  












Chapter 495 – Nuances of Golden Island

After ten hours, these grasses can even be harvested . However Zhao Hai didn’t want to touch them right now, he decided to just let them grow . Even if the grass can be harvested, they were still very short . If he harvests them now, Golden Island would only return to its previous state . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to let them grow more before harvesting .

By the time Zhao Hai, Laura, and the others appeared back on Golden Island, the grasses were already a meter long . The entire Golden Island was green and full of vitality .

Looking at the situation of Golden Island, Laura smiled and said, “Brother Hai, I’m afraid we need to enforce a rule forbidding people from moving these Plate Silk Grass on their own . Otherwise, our losses would be very big . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Construction would certainly destroy a part of them, but we can control it . These grasses can provide us with profit . ”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, you still care about money? These grasses can only be worth so much . ”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “I certainly don’t care about money, but these grasses are necessary to guarantee Gold Island’s appearance . Alright, no need to think too much about it . Now that everything has been completely prepared, the only thing we need to wait for are the people . ”

Megan smiled and said, “Big Brother Hai, do you think it would be that easy? It’s almost been a month and nobody has come to visit the island . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They didn’t come because I still haven’t made them come . Now that we have taken care of Golden Island, we can have them come . Right, I have to send Grandfather a letter when I go back . ”

Megan was confused, Zhao Hai hadn’t told them what he was planning to do in the island . So it was no wonder that Megan and the others were puzzled .

After returning to the naval base, Zhao Hai immediately sent a letter to the Calci Family, Prince Charlie, Crook Family and the Shelley Family . He relayed his plan carefully and asked them to cooperate .

In fact, Randolph and the others wanted to send people to Golden Island, but Zhao Hai still hasn’t agreed . He asked them to wait for his letter before they can come .

Soon, Randolph and the others received Zhao Hai’s letter . They couldn’t help but comment him, they thought that Zhao Hai’s plan was fantastic . If the pirates don’t come to Golden Island in order to trade, the major forces of the continent would suffer as well .

However, the pirates were still uncertain about the situation on Golden Island . Therefore, they chose to wait until there is exact confirmation coming from those who went in first .





Randolph and the others knew about this . So when they received Zhao Hai’s letter, the Calci Family immediately sent a party to enter Golden Island . Because Sky Water city was closest to Golden Island, they can immediately send a party as soon as possible .

The second group to enter the island was from the Shelley Family . Recently, Shelley Family’s businesses on the continent have been severely suppressed by the Radiant Church . Although they had taken care of it, the businesses weren’t as good as before . For the family, this loss was huge . The elders of the Shelley Family were now very dissatisfied with the Patriarch for his support for Zhao Hai . Their arrival at Golden Island this time was a good opportunity to cover their losses .

The third group who entered Golden Island was from Prince Charlie . His base was Jade Water City, although it was farther than Sky Water City, its distance to the island wasn’t that far . It was because of this that they were quite slower than the Calci Family .

The Crook Family were the last people to enter the island because their family doesn’t have a port city . If they want to move to Gold Island, they needed to make more preparations compared to the others, which made them a lot slower .

These four groups entering Golden Island wasn’t a mystery for the people of the continent . All of them knew about their relationship with Zhao Hai, because of this, people weren’t very surprised by it .

However, two pirate groups suddenly entered Golden Island to do business . Naturally, they weren’t there to make a shop, they wanted to sell off their snatched goods . They went to the island to have their loot sold and were given gold or other goods in exchange, the trade went very smoothly .

Not only did they manage to buy what they needed, they had also bought it at a much lower price than what they usually paid for . The things they sold were also bought at a much higher price than what they were usually bought at . This time, they earned three times the profit compared to what they had before .

The two pirate groups who entered the island were quite courageous, they directly entered the island . In the end, their courage was well rewarded, they gains that they made was more than satisfactory .

Their success stimulated the other pirate groups . The pirates really lacked a place where they could trade . Now that Golden Island appeared, all of them were very happy .

The coming of these pirates brought great fortune to the Calci Family and the other three . Naturally, these profits weren’t hidden from the other forces in the continent, they immediately went and started to move .

Their first action was to set up shops on Golden Island . At this time, Laura’s men also arrived at the island





island and beacon to work as its administrators .

Before long, Golden Island became very bustling . Golden Island wasn’t only cheap, its taxes weren’t very high as well . All of their businesses weren’t very restricted, as long as they don’t violate the basic rules of Golden Island, the administration wouldn’t disturb them .

The pirates were extremely pleased . They haven’t been this rich before, they couldn’t help but be very happy . In the past they can’t even walk on the streets because of their fear of being arrested .

Now it was very different, as long as one arrives at Golden Island and follows its rules, the undead who acted as guards wouldn’t even spare you a glance .

In the beginning, they weren’t very used to seeing the undead patrols, however, in time they gradually accepted it as a normal thing . These undead were very good, as long as you don’t violate Golden Island’s rule, they wouldn’t pay any attention to you . Only when someone commits a crime would they become impolite .

The pirates have seen it with their own eyes . A pirate went to sell their items but didn’t receive any money . The owner even fought with him before the owner was taken away by the undead and whipped a few times .

If this was just the case, then there’s nothing strange about is . But interestingly, the person was from the Calci Family . When he was taken away, he was still very arrogant, he kept shouting to the undead that he was from the Calci Family . He said that if these undead dared to touch him, then he wouldn’t make Zhao Hai look good .

But the undead didn’t care about his words, they still proceeded to whip him . And at the same time, they heard that the person was heavily fined by the Calci Family .

There were some small merchants who were planning to no longer move their goods to other places . Instead, they decided to directly go to Golden Island . As long as they are inside the waters of Golden Island, they can be safe .

Naturally, some of the pirates didn’t follow the rules . After the Buda Clan announced this rule, they still robbed along Golden Island’s sea region .

However, even if they robbed at daytime, nighttime, or even if they didn’t use magic cannons, the Buda Clan would still be the first ones to know . After that, the pirates were guaranteed to be destroyed .

After three pirate groups were exterminated in a row, the pirates finally behaved themselves . The pirates knew that there should’ve been some kind of secret signal, otherwise it wouldn’t be possible to know everything .

Regarding the profits that the Buda Clan has lost in dealing with these pirates, it wasn’t that large . On the other hand, the action was very good for their income .

Some of the goods that merchants brought to the island and





island and were sold off would fall into pirate hands . The cycle would then continue, therefore the Buda Clan doesn’t need to worry .

Because of the amount of goods being shipped to Golden Island, the prices of these items were naturally lowered . In the end, the ones who managed to save their profits would be the pirates . Therefore, the pirates were naturally very popular among the merchants .

But to say that the pirates would stop robbing would be impossible . The pirates would still rob, however, when they enter and sell their loot in Golden Island, nobody would tell on them . Even those who are eager to trace the pirates would find it hard to do so . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried that the island’s income would be affected .

Zhao Hai’s taxation on Golden Island being very low was because he wasn’t taxing the goods that were shipped in, instead he applied taxes on each transaction .

Zhao Hai gave a clear announcement that this tax rate wouldn’t change, it would always be at this rate . Zhao Hai knew that as long as he made the tax of Golden Island very low, as well as provide good services, Golden Island would sooner or later have a reputation . As long as Golden Island has its brand, more merchants would come in . They may not want to deal with pirated goods and would only want to do normal business, but Zhao Hai reckoned that the tax rate would still be enough .

Just a month after the Calci Family arrived at the island, the place welcomed its peak season . Whether they be pirates or merchants, all of them wanted to trade on Golden Island because the taxes here was really cheap .

Even if the taxes on other places aren’t very high, they weren’t that low . Take Sky Water City for example, the city’s base tax for ordinary cargo was 5% – 8%, other goods would reach 10% to 15%

However, in Golden Island, the taxes for ordinary cargo was only 1%, other goods can be taxed about 2% or 3% .

The division between ordinary cargo and others was whether they are strategic resources . If they are strategic goods, then the tax would be higher, if not, then they would be lower .

Also, Golden Island taxed based on transactions, not the amount of cargo . If you sell something, they you would get taxes . If you don’t sell, then you don’t need to pay tax .

Also, damaged items might still be taxed on other places, but on Golden Island, damaged goods wouldn’t .

For other people, it might look like merchants can abuse this fact to evade taxes . However, such a thing doesn’t happen on Golden Island .

When goods arrive at Golden Island, they would be inspected . Moreover, each month, someone would come to the storehouses and record its contents before charging the merchants for tax .

Moreover, the people who would come

who would come and inspect the goods were undead . Undead couldn’t be bribed, and they were also very careful in their inspection . Because of this, evading taxes would be very difficult .

In order for Zhao Hai to prevent falsely declared damage goods, he borrowed the ticket system from Earth . If you make a transaction, you need to issue a ticket . Then the island would collect the taxes based on those tickets .

At the same time, Zhao Hai also carried appraisals for all damaged goods, assigning prices on them . If 5 out of 100 of your goods gets damaged, then they would be classified as fragile goods . If their mean value is 6% of the value of the 100, then those 5 wouldn’t be taxed . If you claim to have 10% worth of damaged goods, but the appraisal for those are just 5%, they you would be punished . At that time, 100% of your goods will be taxed .

Naturally, this might sound unfair . For example, if someone encounters a typhoon which caused massive damages to their goods . In that case, then they can report the incident to the island . When the time where you pay taxes comes, those goods wouldn’t be taxed .

This way, most cases of tax evasion would be eliminated . However, there would still be some people who can find a way to escape being taxed . Because of this, Zhao Hai thought of a reward system . If someone goes and reports someone of tax evasion, as long as that report is true, then that person would be rewarded . As a result, tax evasion was almost non existent in Golden Island .

Golden Island became a place of enthusiasm and prosperity . The businesses on the island became very popular . This made everyone on the continent jealous . However, they aren’t able to sabotage the island .

Zhao Hai had already set his reputation on stone, he even offended two Great Clans but he still didn’t care . If he didn’t have his reputation, he wouldn’t have opened Golden Island .

At this time, Zhao Hai was smiling on his gains . Also, since there were a lot of merchants who came to the island for business, his construction team was very busy . Due to these constructions, Zhao Hai had also made a lot of money .

The merchants on the island weren’t fools . They calculated everything before they proceeded with construction . If they saw that the construction group was very expensive, then they’d rather buy materials elsewhere and hire some people to build the shops on their own . But after doing their calculations, they saw that the construction team wasn’t more expensive than the other construction groups of the continent, on the other hand, they were actually cheaper . Therefore, people on the island decided to just hire Zhao Hai’s construction group to do the job .





* * *


  












Chapter 496 – Slave Market

Although merchants have only entered Golden Island for a month, the state of the place can only be described as hot . Pirates, Merchants, as well as major influences have come here to mingle .

This month’s development was only the first explosion of Golden Island . It would continue to grow, and over time, the popularity of this place would become stronger and stronger .

At this time, Zhao Hai wasn’t already on the island . He has now returned to Carson City . This was because he needed to take care of an important matter for the Buda Clan .

In the past, Laura and the others have discussed the possibility of them constructing a castle on the area around Carson City . This would solidify the Buda Clan’s status on the capital . However, because of Golden Island, this matter has been placed at the back of their minds .

But they can’t put this matter aside for too long . So they went and asked Charlie, Jason, and the others for help to see which hills around the city was up for grabs . When they find a place, then they would make their move immediately .

Charlie and the others were naturally willing to help . However, after the passing of years, all of the hills around Carson City was already occupied . Even when there was a suitable place, they either had a bad environment, or they were too low . Not to say Zhao Hai, even Charlie and the others wouldn’t like it . They surely wouldn’t let Zhao Hai claim those hills .

Originally, Laura suggested that they occupy Robert Family’s fort . But Zhao Hai didn’t agree since they were the ones who eliminated the Robert Family . If they occupy their fort, then that would really look very strange .

Charlie and the others didn’t agree to it as well . But after a long time, they still weren’t able to find a place . This made Charlie and Jason feel apologetic to Zhao Hai, he asked for their help but they were unable to deliver .

Then, Charlie finally thought that since they couldn’t find a suitable hill, they they might as well find someone who were willing to sell






But after checking for several days, Charlie still wasn’t able to find people who were willing . This made Charlie feel bad, Jason as well, he even felt more sorry than Charlie . But there was no other way, all people who lived on the vicinity were all Great Clans . All of these clans have their own businesses, so all of them are doing very well . Charlie and Jason cannot just make them leave in account for Zhao Hai . It wasn’t worth offending these people just for such a paltry reason .

Zhao Hai didn’t think too much of it, almost two months had passed since God’s Grace Day . Golden Island has been doing very well, spring had also arrived at Aksu Empire, which means that spring would be arriving at the Prairie . As long as spring arrives, he would be heading to the Prairie, then he wouldn’t worry about constructing a fort anymore .

When Charlie and the others were about to give up, information suddenly came . The current owner of Lionheart’s fort was willing to sell .

Lionheart was Zhao Hai’s first enemy on Rosen Empire . He also colluded with the Radiant Church before being killed by Zhao Hai . His family’s fort was then occupied by a noble of the Rosen Empire .

Saying occupy wasn’t excessive . This was because at that time, nobles were scrapping Lionheart’s possessions . At that time, the fort was being sold for a cheap price so the noble decided to buy it . At the same time, since he bought it, he might as well occupy the place .

However, because of the Robert Family and the Engraved Ark, Carson City’s atmosphere became tense . The eyes of Great Clans were very active regarding people with good relationships with the Robert Family . At this time, people went to investigate the noble who bought Lionheart’s castle . This person was a Second Class Duke and he didn’t have the power to have his own duchy . However, this person’s fief wasn’t small, moreover, he had a very good relationship with the Robert Family . His clan’s emblem was a mad cow . This cow lacked one horn while its eyes were red with rage .






At this point, the Rosen Empire was very critical in looking for clans’ emblems . In addition to finding friends of the Robert Clan, the empire was also looking for suspicious clan emblems .

When the investigation found that this noble and the Robert Family were very intimate, they immediately prepared to do a thorough investigation . However, when they came to do so, the nobleman’s family suddenly vanished .

Overnight, all of the family members have left, they didn’t even take their precious things along with them . Even the servants stayed behind as well as their businesses . Only the family itself vanished, nobody remained .

This caused the entire Rosen Empire to be in a stir . For an entire clan to run like this, it clearly confirmed their status . The Imperial Clan immediately went and thoroughly searched their home . As a result, all of the family’s documents were taken away . Since the family didn’t take their valuables with them, the Rosen Empire became skeptical . The empire immediately issued an order to seize the family . However, all of them were already gone, no news was found about them .

As a result, their fort became empty . The Rosen Empire grabbed all of the servants and the people associated with the family and interrogated them . They wanted to ask them about the family, but the servants literally knew nothing at all .

Because of this, nothing was known, and the castle was left empty, which was a pity . Charlie and Jason were very happy when they knew about this, they knew that Grand Duke Lionheart’s fort was very well constructed . Now that the place was ownerless, it would be great if Zhao Hai bought it .

Also, because the family ran away in a hurry, all of the precious things in the castle weren’t taken away . Although the gold and silver items were taken away by the Imperial Clan, the fort was still left well equipped . Therefore, Charlie immediately told Zhao Hai to buy it .

Zhao Hai also knew that even if he already has Iron Mountain Fort, he still needed a fort on Carson City for the benefit of the Buda Clan’s face . At the same time, it would





it would also indicate that the Buda Clan has considered themselves as people of the Rosen Empire .

The matter was quickly completed under Charlie’s operation . In the end, Zhao Hai bought the hill as well as the castle for a price of 10 million gold coins .

After acquiring the fort, Zhao Hai immediately sent a construction team over to modify the fort . At the very least, he needed to have the emblem changed, there were also some little things inside that Zhao Hai wished to change .

Zhao Hai returned to Carson City for this matter . But when the fort’s construction was underway, he assigned the undead under Cai’er’s supervision . Then Zhao Hai took Laura and the others to Carson City’s slave market .

Carson City’s slave market wasn’t inside the city, but in a valley not too far . The entire mountain valley was a large slave market .

It was the first time that Zhao Hai had come here . Now that Kun was in Golden Island along with Laura’s people, Zhao Hai didn’t worry about anything . He lead Laura and the others to come to the slave market . When he goes to the Prairie, he would get 100 thousand slaves . However, 100 thousand slaves who were all Beastmen wasn’t good . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to buy some human slaves as well .

The valley’s entrance wasn’t very wide, giving people a hard time because only two carriages can pass side by side . There weren’t any people that can be seen on the entrance, there weren’t any structures as well . Just by looking at it, one might even mistake it as an ordinary mountain valley .

However, the moment Zhao Hai’s carriage entered the valley, he immediately became surprised . In the one year that he has been in Ark Continent, this was the first time that he saw this kind of slave market . He thought that this slave market would be very dirty and very chaotic . Only when he entered did he understand that he was wrong and that he was thinking ridiculously .

This slave was neither dirty nor chaotic . In contrast, this slave market looks even more cleaner than any ordinary market . It wasn’t

It wasn’t as crowded as ordinary markets as well . The shops here were well constructed and also had a very pleasant facade .

Looking at the 21 three-story buildings, Zhao Hai cannot really connect this place with a slave market . After staring for some time, Zhao Hai turned to Megan and said, “Megan, are you sure that you’re not mistaken? Is this really the slave market?”

Megan smiled and said, “Of course I’m not wrong, this is indeed the slave market . I came here before because I’m curious . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked around before he murmured, “This is a beautiful place, who would’ve thought that it would deal with filthy transactions . ”

Laura and the others didn’t say anything, all of them were natives of Ark Empire so they didn’t have as much of a dislike for slaves as Zhao Hai . But seeing the happy expressions of the slaves who had become commoners back at Iron Mountain Fort, they couldn’t help but also develop a dislike for the slave trade .

Their horse carriage stopped in front of a shop’s door . When Zhao Hai and the others walked down from their carriage, someone from the shop immediately came to welcome them . The man looked very decent, he was tall and wore a merchant’s suit without anything else on his body . But Zhao Hai didn’t underestimate this person because Megan had told him that almost all of the people who dealt with the slave business were nobles . The bigger the slave merchant, the more powerful the noble above them . Even small slave merchants would still have formidable powers behind them . Because of this, nobody dared to look down upon these people .

When this merchant saw Zhao Hai’s carriage, his eyes turned bright . He immediately wore a welcoming face as he bowed to Zhao Hai, “Merchant Ren has seen Mariquis Zhao Hai . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he looked at the Merchant and said, “You know me?”

The merchant smiled and said, “How can I not know of Marquis Zhao Hai . This small merchant has always heard of Marquis Zhao Hai’s name . If I don’t recognize the Marquis even after seeing the Buda Clan emblem, then I might as well have by eyes gouged out . ”





* * *


  












Chapter 497 – Artisan Slaves

Zhao Hai looked at Ren, then he showed a faint smile and said, “You really have good eyes . You should do your best to keep it . ” Then he was led into the shop by Ren, the others also followed .

After having entered the shop, Zhao Hai stared . The inside didn’t look like what a shop should be, one could even call this a living room . The ornaments and decorations inside was commonly seen on living rooms, it wouldn’t be bad if it was one .

Ren immediately asked Zhao Hai and the others to sit down . Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate and just sat down just as Ren presented him with tea . Ren just stood respectful as the asked Zhao Hai, “Sir Marquis, what can this little one do for you?”

Zhao Hai looked Ren and smiled faintly, “What else? I’m here to buy some slaves, both men and women . I have just recently bought a castle and want to place some slaves to maintain it . ”

Ren immediately nodded and said, “Alright, how many slaves does sir Marquis need? How many males and females?”

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Why are you asking these things? Lead me to see them first, I want to look at their quality . If they’re good, then I would buy a large number . If they aren’t up to par, then I wouldn’t want to buy even one . ”

Ren smiled and said, “Then Marquis, please, follow me . I believe there won’t be any shop in this valley who would sell low quality goods . Because of the valley’s vicinity to Carson City, the guests here are all great nobles, we wouldn’t want to risk our business, so we certainly wouldn’t sell substandard goods . ”

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Talking is useless, go, go guide me . ” Ren complied and then led Zhao Hai to walk towards the back of the shop .

Right behind the shop was a very big cavern . There were large and small caves inside as well . These caves held people inside, the people only wore the simplest clothing on their bodies, just enough to cover important parts . The rest of their bodies were exposed .

Each cave had about 10 to 100 people in them,





men and women were separated . It was only here that the face of the slave market was seen, they didn’t seem like people at all, they were more like beasts waiting to be sold .

Zhao Hai looked at these slaves, he has to admit, these slaves were really very good . They were all young people, and from their skin, one could see that they are all very healthy .

From their eyes, Zhao Hai can see that all of them were strictly trained . Their eyes were expressionless much like their faces, they looked just like Zhao Hai’s undead . If it weren’t for the fact that they were living, Zhao Hai might have thought that all of them were undead .

Zhao Hai looked at these slaves calmly . He was currently a noble, he couldn’t just lose heart in front of these slaves, otherwise he would be looked down by the other nobles .

With the state of the continent, nobles wouldn’t lose their hearts when dealing with slaves . Because of this, Zhao Hai also acted as though he was calm .

Looking at the slaves, Zhao Hai nodded and then turned to Ren, “Good, Mister Ren, these are very good . Alright, I’ll go take 200 men and 200 women . These people should be enough for my castle . ”

Ren nodded immediately and said, “This is not a problem, Sir Marquis . You can take them any time you want . If Sir Marquis wants us to deliver them on your doorstep, as long as we have your address, then we can send these slaves as soon as possible . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then turned to Ren and said, “Ren, does your shop some specially skilled slaves? Like Artisan slaves, or som battle salves? As long as you have those slaves, then I also want a lot of them . ”

When Ren heard Zhao Hai, his eyes couldn’t help but turn bright, he quickly replied, “I invite the Marquis to the living room, this is not the place to talk . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then returned to the living room . Ren went to give a person some commands before he served Zhao Hai a new cup of tea .

To be honest, Ren was initially quite disappointed, 200 male and 200 female slaves can only be considered to be





be a small scale transaction in a shop like this . Altogether, it only costs 300-400 gold coins, their shop can only make a little amount of money . Average nobles would buy slaves in transactions that involved thousands to tens of thousands of gold coins . Some transactions even make it to to a hundred thousand gold coins . Compared to Zhao Hai’s small transaction, it’s certainly not worth mentioning .

But when he heard that Zhao Hai wanted some artisan slaves and battle slaves, Ren became happy . Artisan slaves and battle slaves are several times more expensive than average slaves, some were even several hundred times more expensive .

If Zhao Hai wanted dozens of artisan slaves and battle slaves, it certainly wouldn’t be called a small-scale transaction . But he didn’t believe that Zhao Hai would buy so much, all of the artisans and battle slaves on their shop was worth millions of gold coins; such number wasn’t small . Average nobles wouldn’t spend that much money on slaves .

After Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the living room and sat down, Ren immediately went to Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Sir Marquis, we also have some artisan and battle slaves at the shop . But sir must know that the price of these artisan and battle slaves are very high . And these include the most ordinary ones among them . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and then looked at Ren and said, “Ren, I don’t care about the price as long as they are worth it . I believe you know about the fact that I own Golden Island, what I need there the most were artisan slaves, we can discuss their prices . Also, if you have slaves that are whole families, I want them as well . Very young slaves are also good, but I want a discount on them . ”

Ren understood Zhao Hai as he nodded, “The Marquis’ words certainly made this one feel relieved . This shop has a lot of good quality battle slaves as well as artisan slaves . Artisan slaves are have many types according to which production branch they are skilled in . And their prices depend on how skillful they are . We also have a lot of battle slaves with varying strengths, the more strong the slave, the more





the more expensive . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Let’s go look at the artisan slaves first . ”

Ren nodded, then went to one side of the living room and took a big book from a bookshelf . Then he placed the book in front of Zhao Hai as he said, “Sir Marquis, this has all the names of our shop’s artisan slaves . Their situations are present as well, Sir Marquis can take a look . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and then carefully took the book and read its contents . The artisan slaves in Ren’s shop were very good, all of them numbered more than 200 people . A lot of them were carpenters and masons, their speciality was also written . Quite a few of these slaves were blacksmiths and the like . What made Zhao Hai the most surprised was that there were actually two artisans that can brew alcohol, there was also one Potion master present .

Zhao Hai placed the book down and looked at Ren and said, “You really have a potion master slave? How can a potion master become a slave?”

Ren smiled and said, “Sir’s eyes are really as bright as torches, immediately noticing the problem at a glance . This potion master isn’t an ordinary person . He used to be a fairly famous potion master, but later in his life, he developed a highly toxic potion that had exploded, spreading its effects outside of his laboratory and had killed a lot of people . Because of this, he was demoted into becoming a slave, we had spent quite a lot of money in order to buy him . ”

ZHao Hai nodded, he wasn’t very excited about this potion master . This was because he already has the Processing machine to make potions for him . If he wants a potion, he can just have the machine make a potion that was even better than ones that a potion master can make .

What Zhao Hai was interested about were the other slaves . Except 30 of them, the others had their own families with them, one of them was even a family of three generations .

Zhao Hai handed the book over to Laura and the others . Laura wasn’t polite and took the book and scanned through it . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai’s action made Ren surprised, but when she

but when she remembered who Laura was, he became calm again .

In Carson City, it wasn’t only Zhao Hai who had become famous, Laura and the others acquired some fame as well . Laura and Megan held the most fame . There was no need to mention Megan, she was one of the twin flowers of the Imperial Capital, it was impossible for any nobles who didn’t know of her . Because of Laura’s relationship with Zhao Hai, people went and had her background investigated . When they received their reports, they found out how formidable Laura was in the past .

She was a flower of Purcell Duchy . She started from scratch and managed to establish her own business presence in the duchy . She even managed to become the most powerful merchant of the duchy at one time .

Even the not too famous Meg has become famous right now . Meg was in herself a talented mage . This young and was already a 6th rank Water Mage . This basically meant that her future achievements would be limitless . Because of this, her reputation wasn’t any lower than Zhao Hai’s other fiance’s .

Laura carefully read the register and then nodded before handing it over to Megan . Megan took a look and then handed it over to Meg who also scanned through its contents . Zhao Hai looked at the three, then all of them made a nod .

Zhao Hai turned to Ren and said, “Ren, I want all of these slaves in this book . I also want those 400 slaves I mentioned before . Moreover, do you have some young slave? I want to buy some to train myself . ”

Ren stared, then he became overjoyed, he didn’t expect Zhao Hai to take all of these slaves . This was surely a huge transaction, the overall price of these 200 slaves was around 200 thousand . The potion master alone was worth 20,000 gold coins .

A transaction worth 200 thousand was a huge business for even a shop like them . Ren quickly said, “We don’t have child slaves here because this was just a place to sell them . Slaves would only be sent here after being trained . Only artisan slaves who have their families with them have children included . ”





* * *


  












Chapter 498 – Wedding

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I want some child slaves, go help me find some . The price is open for discussion . ”

Ren nodded, “No matter how many slaves Sir Marquis wants, we can certainly provide . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he thought for a moment before saying, “Golden Island needs a lot of slaves right now . Those 400 slaves are only for my fort in Carson City . I still haven’t bought any for Golden Island . You go see whether you can provide me some young slaves . I also need some old and experienced ones, I have some facilities that needed managing . ”

Ren couldn’t help but hold Zhao Hai in high esteem . General clients would only buy some young and strong slaves . Those who would buy old ones were very rare . This was because those slaves have been so overworked that their bodies aren’t very good anymore . Such slaves would only survive for only two years before dying . Because of that, nobody wanted to buy them .

From all of his years of selling slaves, Ren had come to know that these old slaves have its own uses . Although these old slaves cannot read, they had a lifetime of experience behind them . They understood situations that only an experienced person knows, like what disease a certain plant was suffering, the best time to plant, and there are even old slaves that can predict the weather . Those abilities are absolutely priceless .

But a lot of Nobles didn’t know about this . It was even possible for those Nobles to have never been on their territory in their entire life, they simply cannot understand farming . There was a substantial difference in income between Nobles who have old slaves compared to those without .

It was unfortunate that this difference wasn’t something that Nobles took note of . What they cared about was the strength of their slaves . It was because of this that they overexhaust their slaves and have them die an early death .

These old slaves were actually treasures . In Ren’s eyes, these slaves should be more expensive than the younger ones . But it was a pity that nobles do not share his views . What they always see was a slave that wouldn’t be able to live long . A lot of these old slaves just die miserable deaths .

Ren also understood why Zhao Hai wanted to buy some child slaves . These child slaves are very malleable . If they were allowed to learn some crafting skills, then their price value would increase by dozens of times . A lot of slave merchants do this method now . They would buy some child slaves and then find some artisan slaves to train them . When those child slaves grow , they would have learned a lot and would be sold at the price of artisan slaves . This would bring them a





huge profit .

Zhao Hai buying slaves along with their families are also good as well . Ren had seen a lot of slaves who went crazy because they became separated from their families, so their handlers had no choice but to kill them . Slaves are people as well, Ren knew this, so he saw Zhao Hai’s approach to be very agreeable .

Zhao Hai looked at Ren and then asked, “Ren? What’s wrong?”

Ren recovered, then he shook his head hastily and said, “There’s no problem . How many slaves does Sir Marquis want?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment before saying, “A hundred thousand, having more isn’t a problem, but make sure that there aren’t less . ”

Ren became ecstatic, he immediately said, “Sir Marquis can be rest assured, as long as you give me a month to prepare, those hundred thousand slaves wouldn’t be a problem . Do you want us to deliver those slaves to Golden Island for you?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “When they are prepared, you send me a message at my fort . Then wait for my instruction before sending them there . Right, how much money do I need to give you?”

Ren nodded, then he went to the side and did some calculations before saying, “Sir Marquis, everything is 213 thousand gold coins . It would be fine if Sir Marquis paid 210 thousand gold coins, we can waive the three thousand . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then waved his hand as two crystal cards appeared . There were some markings on the cards, one showed 200 thousand while the other has 10 thousand . These cards were issued by banks and were commonly used by nobles .

These banks made this crystal cards with different denominations . All of them had special markings made by their banks and can be revealed as long as energy was provided . By doing this, one could see the authenticity of these cards .

Ren had been dealing with these cards all year round, he can distinguish between fake and real in one look . But authentication wasn’t needed, Zhao Hai was famous, it would be impossible for him to use a fake crystal card .

Ren accepted the cards and said, “Marquis can be rest assured, we shall certainly provide good slaves . Do you want to see the artisan slaves?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No need, I believe that you won’t deceive me . There aren’t a lot of people in the continent that would dare to do so . ”

Ren felt his heart stop, he was sure that Zhao Hai wasn’t joking . What he said was true, there won’t be many people in this world who would dare deceive him . Those who dared to deceive him would have to face death . Even his backers wouldn’t dare to offend Zhao Hai .

Ren immediately said, “Sir Marquis is cracking a joke . Our little store wouldn’t be able to withstand your fury . Mister can be rest assured, I can assure you





you that our shop would certainly ensure the safety and security of your goods . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s good . I’ll go back first, I’ll go look at your battle slaves in another time . ” Then he stood up and headed out .

They boarded their carriage outside and then headed out of the slave market . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, we bought a lot of slaves this time . I think we should inform Grandpa Green about it ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Rest assured, not only this matter, I will also talk to him about another important thing . ”

Laura looked at Zhao Hai, she was puzzled as she said, “What’s that? Is there anything important matter left? We already bought the castle . As long as the renovations are finished, we can immediately move in . When that time comes, we can then hold a banquet . I think there’s no other matter left . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This matter must be taken care of, otherwise Grandpa Green would throw me into a pit of fire . ” Laura still didn’t understand what Zhao Hai meant . But seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t want to say it, she didn’t ask anymore .

Soon, they arrived at the fort . Zhao Hai already had the name Wild Dragon Castle prepared for the place . The flag that was raised also had the Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon Insignia . This along with the name of the fort, people would certainly know that this place belonged to the Buda Clan .

At this time , there were a lot of undead in the castle being busy . They were carrying the final renovations of the castle . This was Carson City, the capital of Rosen Empire, the place with the largest distribution center in the continent . Because of this, it was very convenient to buy anything, so Zhao Hai was able to confidently do renovations on the fort . He was also preparing to have Cai’er place one of her branches on Wild Dragon Castle .

When noon came, Ren sent people to deliver more than 600 slaves to Wild Dragon Castle . Zhao Hai had some of these slaves go to Iron Mountain Fort under the leadership of Rockhead and Blockhead . He had the two of them handle the newcomers to do specific jobs at Wild Dragon Castle .

When it came to managing slaves, Blockhead and Rockhead already had a few tricks . They had already been assigned by Zhao Hai to do some management tasks before . And after having them study at the school, the two should be able to handle the slaves without a problem .

Most importantly, both of them spent a long time with Zhao Hai . They understood his habits as well as what he liked . The 400 slaves that were left in the castle needed to be managed well, otherwise Zhao Hai wouldn’t feel comfortable in living there .

The artisan slaves





artisan slaves were easier to manage . Zhao Hai directly transferred them to Iron Mountain Fort since the fort badly needed people like them right now . However, the Potion Master was referred by Zhao Hai to Shun’s mother . Shun’s mother studies potion and that potion master just happens to be an expert in it . Zhao Hai wanted to the slave to teach Shun’s Mother .

After having arranged these people, Zhao Hai went to the Space where Green and the others were waiting for him . Green and the others knew that Zhao Hai was busy with the slaves, therefore they didn’t go and disturb him . After all, they fully supported Zhao Hai’s methods .

After the group arrived at the villa’s living room, Zhao Hai turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, I went to see you today for two matters . The first one was to tell you that I had bought 100 thousand Human slaves . They aren’t artisan slaves, just regular ones . After they arrive, I want to have them farm on the Black Wasteland . I have a lot to do in the future, so I won’t have enough time to do farming . We should make a village for them outside the fort . ”

Green nodded and said, “Alright, that’s good . But although we already have 200 thousand people coming, I still think that they aren’t enough to farm the Black Wasteland . I suggest the young master to have them forage on the land as well as raise some livestock . With this, we may have more income from having a ranch . If we don’t do this, the big area of the Black Wasteland would be wasted . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s a good idea . Before utilizing the whole area for farming, we might as well use the unused parts for rearing animals . ”

Green nodded as well then said, “The second matter?”

Zhao Hai took a deep breath, then he looked deeply at Laura and the others who were listening at the side before turning his head to Green and said, “Now that our Buda Clan’s reputation has been established, as well as having our own castle and fief, I want to officially marry Laura and the others . Having them be my fiancees for too long will make people gossip . ”

Green stared, and also Kun as well as Laura and the others . They hadn’t thought of this, the matters that they had been handling were too big recently, they have absolutely forgotten the marriage . Now that Zhao Hai opened the topic, they were suddenly left staring blankly .

After some time, Green recovered as he laughed and said, “Right, right, I also think it’s time for young master’s wedding to be pushed through . We have been very busy these days that I’ve completely forgotten about it . Good, good, I’ll immediately go arrange it . ”

Kun was happy as well, Laura being somewhat of Zhao Hai’s follower has hurt her reputation . However,


Laura and the others were also happy , when Zhao Hai goes out, he can only introduce them as his fiancees, this made them feel a little bit uncomfortable . Now, it’s time for them to be married .

Merine was also in the living room, she was naturally the happiest one in the room, she smiled and said, “Young Master, fantastic! We’ll go and give respects to the ancestors and tell them the good news . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then it’s all settled . Grandpa Green, Grandpa Kun, I need to ask you to help me prepare the invitations . I’ll go to Grandpa Randolph tomorrow and ask him for help as well . ”

Green replied with a smile, “Alright . But Young Master, how long are you planning to prepare for this wedding?”

Zhao Hai understood what Green was saying, the latter wanted the date to be farther off . With this, they would be able to prepare the invitations properly as well as having the event more grand . However, Zhao Hai doesn’t have much time right now, he turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, I want the ceremony to happen as soon as possible because I need to go the the Prairie . I also need to take care of the business with the merfolk . ”

Green thought for a moment and nodded, “Alright, spring is coming to the Prairie, it wouldn’t be good if you head there late . Very well, we’ll see to it that it happens as soon as possible . I think we should also discuss this matter with Randolph, in any case, we need to respect his opinion on this matter . Old Kun, what do you think?”

Kun nodded and smiled, “That’s fine . I’ll go tell Karen about this matter . Right, there should also be an invitation for the Markey Family . I’d like to see their reaction, if they dare act up, then they can’t blame us for being impolite . ”

Green snorted and said, “If they dare, do they really think that the Buda Clan is the same as before? Let’s see if they act unreasonably this time, hmph . We must make this wedding ceremony as grand as possible, let’s make sure that all of the people in the continent gets to hear it . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’d like that, I can’t let my fiancees feel wronged . If not because of this fear, the wedding might have been already done . This time, we must make it grand . I think we should do it in Wild Dragon Castle, what does Grandpa Green think?”

Green thought and then shook his head, “Young Master, I think it would be better if we do it at Golden Island . That’s our domain, if people would want to act impolitely, then we can deal with them immediately!”





* * *


  












Chapter 499 – Wedding Date Has Been Decided

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t even think about doing his wedding at Golden Island . This was because there was nothing there . He preferred to do his wedding at the castle, that would be more befitting for a noble .

Seeing that Zhao Hai was silent and frowning, Green got confused and said, “Young Master? Is Golden Island not good?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Grandpa Green, there aren’t any good structures in Golden Island yet . There are only tunnels and caves there, I don’t think it would be a good idea to have our wedding at that place . ”

Green thought about it and nodded, “This is really an issue, there aren’t any good enough structures at Golden Island . If we do the wedding there, then it would really seem simple . ”

Laura opened her mouth and said, “Brother Hai, Grandpa Green, I really don’t think it’s bad . Golden Island is our territory, we can handle matters there anyway we like, completely different to Carson City . Some people might want to cause trouble during the ceremony, so there will be fighting . Although Brother Hai is very strong, we very much prefer to hide it . The Emperor wouldn’t’ really care what we do on the island, but in Carson City? If we show our strength, it might even frighten him . This would be troublesome . This is why I think it would be best if we do the wedding ceremony on Golden Island . ”

When Laura heard that Zhao Hai was going to marry her, she naturally became shy . But doing so was good, they already wanted to marry Zhao Hai for so long . Now that their desires had been met, they were more happy than shy . Also, they aren’t ordinary women, so they don’t act like them .

Hearing Laura made Zhao Hai’s mind unexpectedly calm . He had already offended the Aksu Empire, the other nations were also under the heavy influence of the Radiant Church . If they go there, then they won’t be able to have any good days . At this point, they can only rely on the Rosen Empire to accommodate them . He was afraid that he can only defend Golden Island in his lifetime, Zhao Hai didn’t want this, so he had no choice but to consider the empire in his





decisions .

After thinking for a moment, Zhao Hai nodded, “It’s a pity, although Golden Island’s environment is good, there aren’t just any good structures there . If we do our wedding there, then I would only be doing you women injustice . ”

Laura smiled and said, “We really don’t mind it Brother Hai, there’s no such thing as injustice . With the Buda Clan’s reputation, there aren’t anyone who dared to underestimate us . Don’t worry about doing our wedding in such an ordinary place, nobody would dare comment on it . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and then smiled, “Alright, then I’ll go talk to Grandpa Randolph tomorrow about the wedding date . After having it settled, we’ll begin to make the invitations . I already had the processing machine make the templates for the invitation, the only thing missing are the names as well as the date . ”

After that, Green and the others went and continued to talk to Zhao Hai about the details about the wedding, the reception, the food, the drinks, as well as who to invite . They must prepare the event properly, Zhao Hai’s status wasn’t ordinary . Because of this, his visitors would be similarly not ordinary, if the visitors are unsatisfied, their Clan might offend them .

Fortunately, Green and the others were quite used to being stewards, so these kinds of things aren’t enough to burden them . Since Zhao Hai raised this matter, Green and the others needed to fulfil his requirements, these matters would be left for them to arrange .

Presently, the Space wasn’t lacking any kinds of commodities, therefore Green was able to manage everything easily . Additionally, they have more than 1 million undead to command, handling this matter was too easy .

After reaching an agreement, Zhao Hai and the others rested . Zhao Hai returned to his room and laid down on the bed, he also went to see the situation back on Golden Island .

After one month of construction, the shops on the island had already been built up . But these shops were mostly made with stone which the undead mined from the island, since they aren’t exploited, they are the best product left on the island . Even with the Shelley Family’s five-story hotel, there wasn’t any decent building on the island . Holding a wedding in such a place was such a injustice to Laura and the others .





Zhao Hai really didn’t want this event to be a lifelong regret for them .

Although his eyes were already closed while he lied down, Zhao Hai’s head still stayed constantly moving . This was also one of his rituals . Before sleeping, he would think about all the things that he hadn’t managed to handle during the day . This was because he believed that the time where the mind is most active was just before sleeping . If he thought over the matters of the day, he might get some great inspirations to deal with them .

Sure enough, Zhao Hai wasn’t left disappointed this time . When he was just having a headache about dealing with the structures on Golden Island, he suddenly thought of a certain image .

This image wasn’t anything else other than a sea of flowers . It was a flower garden, everything in it was made of flowers, even the walls were made of plants .

Zhao Hai was originally starting to fall asleep, but when this image appeared, his eyes immediately turned bright . This scene was extremely familiar, this looked exactly like the Carrion Swamp’s Flower City!

After he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately summoned Cai’er over using his thought . Cai’er immediately appeared on the room as she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, what matters did you call me for?”

Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, can you send a branch over to Golden Island and have it formed into a castle? I like to use it to hold my wedding . ”

Cai’er nodded and said, “I can, Young Master . Since I leveled up, I can even make a flower garden as large as a big city . ”

Zhao Hai’s face showed his excitement as he said, “There’s no need to make it so big, just make it as large as Wild Dragon Castle . Remember, make its color and atmosphere similar to Flower City . ”

Cai’er nodded and said, “Alright, Young Master, I’ll go do it immediately . ” Then she flashed as she vanished . Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief . He doesn’t plan to tell the girls about this, he wanted to give them a pleasant surprise when the time came .

The next morning, Zhao Hai came out of the Space and sat on his carriage as he headed to Dark Soldier Fort . Naturally, Laura and the others were with





were with him as well . Actually, for someone like Megan, if she still wasn’t married, then she would need to stay in Dark Soldier Fort . However, Megan strongly disagreed . Additionally, Randolph also saw that Zhao Hai already had two fiancees on his side, if Megan was at home all the time while Laura and Meg were with Zhao Hai, it would probably make Zhao Hao favor Laura and Meg more . Because of this, Randolph chose to have Megan also stay by Zhao Hai’s side .

Upon arriving at Dark Soldier Fort, Zhao Hai was immediately welcomed to Randolph’s study . Zhao Hai saw only Randolph inside the study since Smith was already back at Sky Water City . The city cannot survive for long without Smith at the helm .

Seeing Zhao Hai come, Randolph smiled and said, “What brings you here today? You have a lot of matters to attend to, you don’t have much time to come and visit me here . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Grandpa Randolph, I’m here to discuss with you about a matter of deep importance . ”

Randolph looked at him and said, “What matter?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “I want to wed Megan soon, I chose Golden Island for the venue . ”

Randolph stared blankly for a moment before looking at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Right, Megan already follows you everyday . If you don’t hold a wedding, her reputation would be affected . Also, you’re still young, men your age are very thirsty . If anything goes wrong before the wedding, things wouldn’t be too good . Alright, I agree, when do you plan to hold it?”

Zhao Hai’s mind went black with Randolph’s dark words . He really didn’t think that Randolph would have such thoughts . But when he thought about it, he was at Ark Continent and not Earth . Here, it was quite common to be scoffed at when people live together before marriage . Randolph was just afraid that Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to endure .

Zhao Hai immediately recovered and said, “The sooner the better . I still need to head to the Prairie after the ceremony . There are a lot of things I need to handle there, and there isn’t enough time to do it . ”

Randolph nodded and then thought for a moment before he said, “How about ten days later . We should immediately go and prepare the invitations

prepare the invitations . Then hand them over along with the notification that the wedding would be ten days later at Golden Island . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I already have the invitations made . The only thing missing from them are the dates, I’ll have them prepared immediately . ”

Randolph nodded, “Go and prepare them . We have a lot of things to take care of, I’ll do my part here at the fort . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave Randolph a greeting before heading out . After returning to the castle, he immediately had the processing machine print the dates on to the cards before having them sent .

There are a lot of invitations that Zhao Hai needed to send this time, the farthest one was to Evan, while some were sent to the other Nobles of the Rosen Empire . Although it can be said that Zhao Hai doesn’t have too deep of a relationship with these nobles, he had already met them at various banquets . It would be disrespectful in his part to not send them an invitation .

Fortunately, Cai’er had already taken down the names of these nobles, making the manufacturing of the invitations much easier . After printing the names of these people, the invitations were then sent over .

Zhao Hai didn’t have a lot of people by his side, therefore most of these invitations were sent either by undead or Blood Hawk . This was a new and odd way of sending invitations .

While Zhao Hai became very busy in preparing for the wedding, the people outside were very excited . The Buda Clan’s reputation has been quite loud recently . These people knew that the Buda Clan wasn’t only powerful, they also had the literal golden egg which was Golden Island . This matter made people very jealous, but they weren’t able to do anything about it .

Now that Zhao Hai was holding his wedding, this made the small and medium sized noble clans feel an opportunity . As long as you can participate in the wedding and form a connection with the Buda Clan, one’s rise in the future would be more reachable .

At this moment, another information came out which made these nobles more inclined to throw their lot with the Buda Clan . Even if they cannot be under the clan’s umbrella, at the very least they needed to make a good impression .





* * *


  












Chapter 500 – Marriage Bestowment

The Rosen Empire’s Emperor bestows a marriage to Zhao Hai with his daughter, the 9th Princess Lizzy, and she was to be a normal wife!

People on the continent weren’t estranged to this kind of thing, they knew that Grand Dukes would generally be bestowed marriages, and such person was a very lucky man .

When this news arrived to the Buda Clan, Zhao Hai and the others were shocked . Zhao Hai wasn’t actually glad, he was startled to receive such a decree .

After this information passed on, the entire continent seethed with excitement . The 9th Princess of Rosen Empire, the most powerful nation on the continent, one of Carson City’s Twin Flowers, the most dotted daughter of the emperor, she was attractive, intelligent, a pureblood noble, she was the continent’s number 1 candidate for marriage .

But such a person was actually bestowed to Zhao Hai, and as a formal wife! In other words, after Lizzy marries into the Buda Clan, her status would be the same as Laura and the others . Her position as a princess would be placed on the side .

This was surely a dropped bomb to the minds of the nobles of the continent . However, for Zhao Hai, this wasn’t a good thing . If he marries the princess, people who had unrequited love for her would surely be his mortal enemy . This would certainly bring a lot of hidden enemies to the Buda Clan .

When Zhao Hai heard this decree, he was absolutely terrified . He didn’t want to accept this decree, but Green and the others forced him to accept it .

After the person that served the decree left, Zhao Hai was left in the living room staring at Green . Green didn’t budge, as though nothing just happened, he stayed very calm . What Zhao Hai was surprised about was the fact that Laura and the others were calm as well .

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, “Laura, why would you make me accept this? This would be unfair to you, I only met Princess Lizzy once at Charlie’s residence . With this marriage bestowment, not only would it be unfair to you, it would also be unfair to Princess Lizzy . ”

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and then faintly smiled, “Brother Hai, you don’t need to be so anxious . It’s





alright . I think that it was Princess Lizzy who wanted to marry you, otherwise this decree wouldn’t have passed . Princess Lizzy is extremely favored by the Emperor, moreover, with the Rosen Empire’s strength, it wouldn’t be a problem for them to find a better candidate . In this case, it can only be because of Princess Lizzy that this decree was accepted . ”

Zhao Hai stared, “Is that really the case? But how come I couldn’t see that Princess Lizzy wanted to marry me? Moreover, for her to make this decree happen, wouldn’t it be too much for a princess to do?”

Megan smiled and said, “Big Brother Hai, you don’t know but yourself has that kind of thing that women gets attracted to . In the beginning, it was also because of this that I got to like you . We hadn’t even met a lot of times before, nor did we exchange a lot of words . ”

Laura smiled, “Additionally, Brother Hai shouldn’t forget, you have rescued the Princess’ life . I’m quite sure that it was because of this that Princess Lizzy came to like you . ”

At this time, a voice was suddenly heard from the door, “Right, it’s because of that . ”

Zhao Hai and the others turned their heads towards the door and saw Charlie . The Third Prince was led by the servant to was guarding the door . The servant didn’t announce Charlie’s arrival therefore Zhao Hai and the others were unable to notice him .

Zhao Hai and the others immediately gave Charlie a salute, Charlie waved his hand and said, “I didn’t make the servant announce my arrival . Little Hai, I came here today to talk to you about this decree . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and invited Charlie to sit down . After having a seat, Charlie looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I know that you have been hiding from Lizzy these past few days . However, Lizzy hasn’t forgotten about you, she actually placed you in her heart . The imperial decree came about when Lizzy heard that you are getting married . She kneeled in front of father, the Emperor, saying that she wanted to marry you, and that she wouldn’t marry anyone else . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then he smiled bitterly . He really didn’t have anything to say . He only met





met Lizzy once, and when he sees her in a banquet, he would do his best to hide from her . With this, how could Lizzy actually have deep feelings for him?

Zhao Hai still didn’t understand that since Lizzy was a nation’s Princess, the plan succeeding would certainly make her lose her own dignity . Zhao Hai appearing and saving her made Lizzy’s heart regard Zhao Hai very deeply . It had left her with a lasting impression of him .

Women are sometimes emotional beings . They believe in love at first sight more than men did . They liked romance and fantasy more, and they were also more likely to love blindly . There were previous occasions that women would fall in love with a man over a very small thing .

When Megan had thought that her life would end, Zhao Hai stepped in to save her . For Megan, this was very memorable . Because of this, Megan came to find herself having fallen in love with Zhao Hai . With the passing of time, this sentiment didn’t decrease, conversely, it was getting stronger and stronger .

Therefore, when Lizzy heard that Zhao Hai was going to be married, her emotions defeated her reason . She immediately ran to the Emperor and kneeled . She asked the Emperor to bestow her to Zhao Hai, moreover she stated that she won’t marry any other man .

Knowing about the beginning and the conclusion of this matter, the only thing that Zhao Hai can do was sigh . He didn’t say anything, he understood that if he refused this decree, Lizzy might do something stupid . When that happens, his relationship with the Rosen Empire would go down the drain .

Regardless of whether or not Lizzy was indeed in love with him, refusing this bestowment would make Lizzy a laughingstock of the continent . When that happens, Lizzy would certainly be left with nothing to do . Also, since the Emperor heavily favored Lizzy, the Buda Clan would suffer an unfortunate fate . Not only the Buda Clan, the Calci Family, and the Crook Family would share the same fate .

Zhao Hai sighed and then forced a smile, “I initially thought that I wouldn’t marry any other women after Laura and the others . Not only would I be fair to Laura and the others, I





others, I would also be fair to the other women, but I didn’t expect Princess Lizzy to actually find favor towards me . God really won’t leave me at peace . Your Highness, rest assured, this Zhao Hai would surely take the Princess as a wife and will treat her like Laura and the others . Right, Your Highness, we shall be married at Golden Island, and can you see to it that Princess Lizzy gets to Wild Dragon Castle? We still need to discuss about the marriage matters . ”

Charlie looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Alright, I shall tell this to father . But kid, you really are quite lucky . You’re also going to be my brother-in-law in the future . Hahahaha . ”

Zhao Hai was speechless at Charlie’s remark, he didn’t think that Charlie would be thinking about such things . At this time, Green and the others were actually very happy . Zhao Hai had become the Rosen Emperor’s son-in-law . For the Buda Clan, this was a very huge thing .

Green didn’t even consider that Zhao Hai marrying the princess would heavily offend the other nobles . In Green’s eyes, Zhao Hai already had enough status to deserve it . Even if the other nobles gets angry, they wouldn’t be able to do anything . Among those who wanted to marry the princess, people who love her not for her status was very scarce .

So long as Lizzy gets married to Zhao Hai, the Buda Clan’s strength, along with the help of the Calci Family, would certainly rise at a very short time . Even those who wanted to put down the Buda Clan would need to consider the consequences .

It must be said that Green was a native of Ark Continent . He knew that nobles wouldn’t offend a strong power just because of a woman . They would certainly weigh the pros and cons of their actions .

When information about the Rosen Empire’s wedding bestowment to Zhao Hai spread out, all the Nobles in the continent understood that the Buda Clan had just acquired a formidable backer . There were now a lesser amount of people who would dare to offend them .

At the same time, the Nobles also felt strange, especially those who knew Zhao Hai . They knew that Zhao Hai’s appearance was very ordinary, so

very ordinary, so why would such beautiful women be throwing themselves at him? They didn’t understand what about him that attracts women .

But no matter what, everybody knew that establishing a connection with the Buda Clan would certainly bring huge benefits .

In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t make any invitations towards people who he didn’t have any previous interactions with . But now, it seemed that he had to do so since he would have the princess as his bride .

Marriage was really troublesome, especially for people like Zhao Hai where a lot of things needed to be considered . One of these was the clothes that they need to wear . Zhao Hai really disliked what they wore in Ark Continent, because of this, he made the processing machine make the clothes worn back on earth . Even if they looked excessive, they were also much more elegant .

Laura and the others didn’t say anything about their wedding dresses, naturally they also didn’t expose it . Ark Continent still wasn’t open to such a degree, but wonderful weddings were surely well regarded by the people of the continent .

As for the food and drinks, Zhao Hai prepared to do the same thing as banquets did back on earth . People who would come were certainly many, therefore, the food and drinks must be prepared well . Because of this, he had assigned ten Processing Machines to make the food and drinks .

The liquor that Zhao Hai had the Processing Machine made were red wine, white wine, and beer . Among these three liquors, only red wine was very common on the continent . The only white liquor on the continent was Zhao Hai’s milk wine, and finally the beer was only something that a select few were able to drink .

In order to prepare for this wedding, Zhao Hai placed a huge capital on it . He not only made Cai’er make a Seven-colored castle, he also allocated the Processing Machines to the preparations . Almost everything that was going to be used for the wedding was made using the Processing Machine . Zhao Hai knew that with the current manpower of the Buda Clan, they wouldn’t be able to finish everything in time . He also didn’t want for Randolph to intervene . Therefore, he had no choice but use the Processing Machine .





* * *


  












Chapter 501 – Marriage

Ten days was too short for the people on the continent . In a blink of time, tend days passed by . In those ten days, Golden Island was constantly in a buzz . Nobles kept arriving at the island to the point where there aren’t any rooms left to stay in . There’s nothing left for these people but to stay in tents .

Seeing that he cannot do anything about the room problem, Zhao Hai chose to just put out some Beastman tents for them to use . The tents were very big, enough for a Beastman family to use, so it was certain that Humans can accommodate them .

These great Nobles haven’t seen such a tent before . In the end, a lot of them requested to have a tent and chose to stay in them instead of the finding a room .

Sitting in the tents and gazing at the green grasses of the mountains made these people feel as though they were in the Prairie . However, those Nobles who had merchant eyes could clearly see the specialness on the grass .

These grasses growing were actually Plate Silk Grass . These grasses were very tough, simply impossible for beasts to eat . But theses grasses can actually be used for medicine as well as be weaved into useful garments . Those few nobles who recognized this grass couldn’t help but have their eyes turn bright .

On the day of Zhao Hai’s marriage, the entire Golden Island was fully occupied . Not being able to stay of any other place, even the pier had ran out of places for the ships to dock .

Zhao Hai’s group arrived at the island three days prior, Lizzy was with them as well . When Zhao Hai saw Lizzy, he became somewhat surprised .

In God’s Grace Day, when Zhao Hai saw Lizzy, she was still colorful and held a full posture . But now when Zhao Hai saw Lizzy, she was completely different from before . Her face was yellow, her body became very thin . She looked at least 20 pounds lighter and was thinner than before . She had become a skinny woman .

Seeing Lizzy’s appearance, Laura and the others felt sad . They understood what women were like if they weren’t able to see their lovers . Lizzy was certainly like this for the whole time .

When Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy’s appearance, she also felt sad . Even if he doesn’t have any feelings for Lizzy right now, he certainly felt Lizzy’s feelings for him . This made him touched .

After ten days of recuperation, Lizzy was no longer much different than her original figure . She felt much better than she did before .

ZHao Hai looked at Lizzy’s figure and went happy . When Lizzy looked at his eyes, he can even somewhat feel that he was melting .

After the group arrived at Golden Island,





Zhao Hai made the women stay at the naval base while he made the final preparations on the venue . Everybody thought that Zhao Hai would perform the ceremony at the naval base, but they didn’t know that Zhao Hai was just using it as a disguise .

Seven Colored Castle was the place where Zhao Hai actually wanted to do the ceremony . It was built on the summit of the intersection of the two mountains . Zhao Hai already ordered a strict rule in the past that stated the prohibition of walking to this area . Because of this, it was impossible for people to see the situation inside .

It was finally the day of the marriage . According to the customs of the Ark Continent, Zhao Hai needed to pick the bride up from her home before they go to his house and get married there .

However, Zhao Hai’s situation was special, so he can only do all of this at Golden Island . Laura and the others would wait at the naval base as Zhao Hai picks them up .

All the people who came for the ceremony were invited by Zhao Hai to the T-shaped mountain and just outside Flower Castle . However, Flower Castle was covered with a dark fog so that nobody can see inside .

The nobles didn’t know what was going on . When they came, they expected that the ceremony would be carried out on the naval base . Now that they had been gathered in this place, they felt their hearts turn strange . They had heard that everytime Zhao Hai turned people into undead, he would use a dark fog along with it . At this time, the Nobles were thinking, “Will Zhao Hai turn us into undead as part of the celebration?”

Before long, they came to know the answer . They saw Zhao Hai’s carriage come out of the base and then circled around the place before taking his brides outside .

His horse carriage wasn’t a full car, but was something without a roof . Zhao Hai and the others were inside the carriage and can be fully seen by the people outside .

The nobles stood on the mountainside and were looking as Zhao Hai brought his brides out of the naval base . They also saw what the brides wore and even though they haven’t seen them before, they liked it and saw that they were beautiful .

These nobles thought that Zhao Hai arranged them here so that everyone can see the entire process of the wedding . They were very satisfied with this arrangement .

But they heard that the military base wasn’t preparing for food and drinks . So how does Zhao Hai plan to make them eat? Will they just go home after the ceremony? Isn’t this ceremony just too quick?

While the people were confused, they saw that Zhao Hai’s carriage was heading towards them . This startled them, they thought that after Zhao Hai receives his





his brides, they would go back to the naval base and continue the ceremony there . They didn’t expect that their carriage would actually go to them .

Before long, Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived in front of the crowd . The people looked dumbfounded at what they were seeing . In his formal dress, Zhao Hai had a red silk thread on his hand . The other end of the thread was divided into five, the threads were connected to the hands of Laura, Megan, Lizzy, Meg, and Ni’er, and in the middle of the thread was weaved into a flower-like appearance . The brides were wearing wedding dresses while holding a bouquet of beautiful flowers . The women’s smiles were more delicate than the flowers on their hands, people were staring at this view with a blank face .

Letting Ni’er marry was Laura’s idea . Laura knew that Ni’er wouldn’t want to leave her side forever . She reckoned that Ni’er would sooner or later become Zhao Hai’s woman, so they might as well have wed her at this time .

Zhao Hai agreed, he understood Laura’s thoughts so he didn’t oppose to it . Their current arrangement was one Zhao Hai came up with . There was no red silk thread tradition in the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai made his wedding according to the ancient ceremonies of China .

When Zhao Hai’s carriage passed by the Nobles, the nobles gave their applause . Regardless of what they thought, they need to send Zhao Hai their blessings .

The brides were also looking at the dark fog and were confused . They didn’t know what was going on since Zhao Hai withheld the ceremony procedures from them .

Zhao Hai arrived at the front of the undead and waved his hand, making them give way . Then he also waved his hand and had the dark fog go away .

When the dark fog spread out, everyone froze, the nobles were the same . This was because in front of them was a castle made of flowers . Whether it be the castle walls or the gate and even the castle itself, all of them were made up of flowers, seven-colored flowers large and small formed the entire castle .

At this time, the gate made out of flowers slowly opened . Green, who wore neat clothes along with Blockhead and Rockhead came out . The two guided the carriage towards the castle as Green incited the other nobles inside .

The nobles looked at the castle in surprise . They didn’t think that Zhao Hai could quietly come up with such a castle .

Among those who came, Randolph was the one most happy . Knowing that Zhao Hai wanted to hold the wedding at Golden Island made them unhappy . But seeing the Flower Castle right now, their discomfort disappeared . They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this good, very good .

Soon, the nobles were following Green as





Green as they entered the castle . Upon arriving inside, they noticed that even the floor was made of flowers . What they were stepping on was soft and felt like walking on a carpet .

Zhao Hai and his brides were waiting for their visitors on the main square . Among them, only Lizzy didn’t understand how this castle came to be . Since Zhao Hai hadn’t brought Lizzy to the Space, she was unaware about the existence of Cai’er . However, when she saw the castle, her heart couldn’t help but be moved, tears cannot stop flowing out of her eyes .

While inside the castle, the nobles were very curious about everything . The castle was made of flowers, everywhere was flowers, countless flowers .

When everyone arrived at the square, Green walked up to Zhao Hai’s side and coughed twice before saying, “I thank everyone for taking time out of your busy schedules to attend the wedding of Zhao Hai Buda, Laura Markey, Megan Calci, Lizzy Rosen, Meg Buda, and Ni’er Markey . I welcome you in behalf of the Buda Clan .

The people applauded, after they stopped, Green continued, “Zhao Hai Buda is the Buda Clan’s Patriarch . The Buda Clan is a family with a long history, and although it suffered a tribulation, it had stood up once again . Now, Zhao Hai Buda has chosen to marry his brides, showing everyone the love that they shared . Does anybody agree?”

This was the first time that the people present were able to experience this type of wedding . In the weddings that they had attended before, the ceremony only included the fetching of the brides and bringing them into the groom’s house . After then, the elders of the groom’s family would reside over the ceremony and offer their blessings and then have everyone toast a glass of wine before having the banquet . They didn’t understand why Green needed to introduce the background of the Buda Clan . However, since they were already here, all of them clamored in applause, some of them shouted and said, “Agree!”

Then Green looked at Zhao Hai’s and the brides’ eyes and saw that all of their faces were red . Even though this arrangement was Zhao Hai’s, when the event came, he couldn’t help but be embarrassed himself .

Green chuckled and then said, “Then I would start with my Granddaughter, Meg . She was the first one to know Zhao Hai Buda . At that time, Zhao Hai was called Adam Buda . He was a famous playboy back at Aksu Empire’s capital . But even so, my granddaughter still liked him and stayed by his side all the time . Even when Zhao Hai had drunk the Water of Nothingness, she was still at his side . ”

The people issued a warm applause . Especially the females, they were moved by Meg’s passion .

Then Green said, “The second is Miss Laura . She was Purcell Duchy’s loved girl .

loved girl . Not only is she beautiful, she also has the talent to stand on her own and established a large merchant group . So why would such a woman be with Zhao Hai Buda? Then answer was because Zhao Hai had saved her life… . ” Green continued on and introduced Zhao Hai’s and Laura’s initial interactions . When the crowd listened to it, they also gave an applause to Laura .

Green waved his hand and then said, “Third is Miss Megan . Miss Megan is the little princess of the Calci Family . She’s a lovable girl, gentle, and is also very beautiful . Why would she be with Zhao Hai? The answer was because Zhao Hai… . ” then Green introduced how Zhao Hai saved Megan . Naturally he didn’t include the Space in his anecdotes . He only said that, at that time, Zhao Hai had given Laura a very small undead creature that can detect and defend against any assassins . Because of that Zhao Hai had managed to save Megan’s life . This was said in order for people to understand why Megan wanted to marry Zhao Hai . It turned out that Zhao Hai had actually saved her life . This made people who had done good things to Megan before feel comfortable, thus they applauded .

Then Green’s gaze turned to Lizzy and said, “Finally, I shall introduce you all to Her Highness Princess LIzzy . She is an honored noble, and her beauty is like the bright moon in the sky . So why would such a woman marry a man who already had many fiance’s? This was because Zhao Hai… . ” Then Green once again explained the circumstances between Zhao Hai and Lizzy . This time, he wasn’t polite . Even if he didn’t clearly state the persons involved, those who were present understood who it was . This made people know why Lizzy was suddenly bestowed to Zhao Hai . This also made the nobles present understand the big picture, their evaluation for the Crown Prince had now dropped by a few levels . How could they think of following a person who would even plot against their younger sister?

After waiting for the crowd’s applause to die out, Green nodded and then said, “Alright, now that we have been introduced to the to be wedded, i shall alsk Randolph Calci to come and officiate the ceremony . ”

Randolph stared, he didn’t expect that he would have a part in the ceremony . But he immediately responded and stood up as he smiled while walking to Zhao Hai and the others . Green had already prepared the materials and handed Randolph the marriage certificates .

Randolph couldn’t help but stare at the certificate for a while . Then he recovered and said, “Zhao Hai, are you willing to be a responsible husband to these women? Do you vow to stay with them forever, in sickness and in health, for richer and for poorer?”





* * *


  












Chapter 502 – Swatting Some Bugs Down

Randolph read the other words on the certificate. But when he said these, the other nobles felt their hearts tighten.

In Ark Continent, there aren’t any wedding pledges. This was because men were dominant in this society, and polygamy was allowed. Because of this, nobody would say vows during marriage.

When the nobles heard Randolph, they thought that Randolph was angry with Zhao Hai for having multiple wives. He asked this question in order to create some obstacles in Zhao Hai’s path. Now, everybody present wanted to see Zhao Hai’s reply.

Zhao Hai looked at the eyes of his to-be wives and smiled faintly before saying, “I do!”

Those under the stage burst into thunderous applause. Randolph kept his calm and turned his head towards the brides and said, “Laura, Megan, Lizzy, Meg, Ni’er, are you willing to be responsible wives to this man? Do you vow to stay with him forever, in sickness and in health, for richer and for poorer?”

When Randolph asked this, the crowd finally realized that this was a type of marriage testimony. This was the first time that they had seen this kind of thing, so they were very curious.

Without a single moment of pause, all of the brides said, “I do!” And was followed by another round of applause.[1]

Randolph nodded, and then he looked at Zhao Hai and the others and smiled, “Remember your pledges. In behalf of all the guests present, I shall offer our blessings to you. I declare that you are now officially, husband and wives. Your marriage has been legally bound and protected by Buda Clan’s territory, Golden Island.” He said as he gave Zhao Hai the certificate.

Zhao Hai took the certificate and held it up high, then an applause followed. One could feel that the applause this time was very sincere. The crowd knew that the wedding was entirely prepared by the Buda Clan, so the ceremony should have been made by the Buda Clan as well. The nobles could say that this was certainly the most unique wedding that they had attended. Especially the final part with the marriage lines and the pledge which added color to the wedding.

And in the end when Randolph said that their marriage was protected by the





laws of Golden Island, the nobles were surprised. But they also understood that this was another guarantee for the authenticity of their marriage, making it even more solemn.

After doing all of these, Randolph stepped down from the stage. Then Green returned to Zhao Hai’s side as he addressed the audience, “I want to thank you all for coming, the wedding ceremony is over. I invite everyone to please follow the servant’s instructions as we go prepare the banquet.”

The nobles stared, they thought that the Buda Clan didn’t prepare anything to eat. When they were asked to eat here, they were too guilty that they couldn’t help but laugh.

At this time, people appeared. They stood in line and wore servant clothing. But when the nobles looked carefully, they noticed that these people weren’t ordinary servants, they were actually undead.

But these nobles didn’t panic, they knew that Zhao Hai was a Dark Mage, everybody knew about it. Therefore, it wouldn’t be strange for Zhao Hai to use undead as servants.

The undead who appeared were quite many, about a thousand. This number was enough to accommodate the about ten thousand nobles present.

The nobles thought that they would be invited to another place to dine, they never expected that the undead would just ask them to the side of the square and didn’t leave the area. When they were confused, the ground suddenly moved. The topmost layer suddenly receded, revealing another layer of flowers inside. The nobles were looking at this scene in surprise, they didn’t know what Zhao Hai was planning to do.

After the second layer of flowers appeared, they didn’t stop from moving upwards. Large flowers went up slowly and stopped when it was about the same height as a table. Also, along with the large flowers, then smaller flowers appeared and assumed the appearance of an ordinary stool. This arrangement was naturally to make the area as the place for a banquet.

The nobles understood why the flowers on the first layer receded. It was because those flowers were stepped on and were dirty so they cannot be used as tables and chairs. Therefore they retreated and had the second layer be the furniture since they were clean.

The undead quickly led the Nobles towards the tables and had them





them sit on the chairs. Upon sitting down, the nobles noticed the differences between the two flowers. The chair felt very soft, much softer than the ones they were used to. On the other hand, the table was very hard, they can even hear a ‘duo’ ‘duo’ sound when they tapped on it.

What intrigued these nobles was the material with which these flowers were made of, and also the flowers making up the castle as well.

After the nobles had sat down, rows upon rows of undead suddenly came out as they placed dishes on the table. These undead were all wearing uniform; black vests, white shirts, black pants, black leather shoes, black bow ties, and while gloves. Seeing them made people feel very comfortable.

It was at this point that the nobles got a new understanding with regards to the strength of the Buda Clan. It would’ve taken a lot of time before all of these uniforms were prepared. For Zhao Hai to do it in such a short time wasn’t a very easy task.

More importantly, except for Zhao Hai and the others, very few members of the Buda Clan had appeared. This placed a shadow over the true numbers of the Buda Clan. This made these people hold a small fear for Zhao Hai deep inside.

There were various dishes on their tables. The meal that Zhao Hai had prepared this time was done according to the Ark Continent’s customs. In front of the guests were a set of knives and forks, and the dishes were something that people from the continent were familiar with.

These dishes were also made using the Processing Machine, so there was nothing else to say about their taste. Although they might not reach the level of top chefs, it was much better than those that people ordinarily ate. Moreover, there were a lot of dishes present.

The nobles didn’t become polite. They immediately took their knives and forks and placed some dishes on their plates. But soon they discovered something special about the table. The petals of the tables were separated into two layers, with the larger layer placed below the smaller one. While the utensils were placed on the large layer, the dishes were placed on the small one. They noticed that the small





the small layer was spinning slowly, enabling the guests to eat all the dishes without having to stand up.

These nobles were once again curious about Zhao Hai’s designs, but in the end they had to agree that this was a very good idea. If you go to the nobles’ banquets, even if you have your own spot to yourself, you still need to stand up and get your food. Some may see the gesture of standing up to be disrespectful and would much rather not eat and just stay sitting. With the Buda Clan’s design, one wouldn’t need to stand up just to eat some dishes.

Then, the undead brought over the liquor. All of them were placed inside transparent bottles, one bottle had a clear liquid, the other had red, and the last one was yellow.

Red wine was commonly consumed in the continent, but their process of manufacturing wasn’t very perfect. Because of this, the brewing of their wines weren’t done very well.

White wine and beer was very rare, most of the guests weren’t even able to understand what those two others drinks were. When the liquors were sent, each one of them had their own set of glasses. The characteristics of each liquor were also written on the bottle, making the nobles taste them with scrutiny.

There were some of them who liked the intensity of white wine, some of them loved the red wine, and some of them liked the aftertaste of beer. This reception to the liquor made the atmosphere of the room warmer.

At this time, a large cart was suddenly pulled towards the square. The cart was very big and was very long. On top of the cart was a whole Blade-Scale whale, completely roasted.

With regards to roasting Blade-Scale whale, Zhao Hai’s group was already quite experienced. They had successfully roasted one back at God’s Grace Day, so the one served today should be much better than the one before.

With how large a Blade-Scale whale was, the nobles were all staring blankly as it was carted in. While they were dumbfoundedly looking at the big fish, an undead servant suddenly wielded a blade as it sliced some meat on the whale and had them served to the tables.

The nobles were very curious about the taste of

the taste of the Blade-Scale whale meat, not to mention how fragrant it was. With how a food’s appearance and smell affected one’s judgement, there was no wonder that the guests found the whale’s meat to be quite delicious.

The atmosphere became even more warmer, the guests were eating very happily. They didn’t expect the Buda Clan to deliver such a spectacular banquet.

The one that was happiest with the situation was Randolph. When Zhao Hai didn’t let him help, he thought that Zhao Hai was just doing it to save face. Because of that, he was afraid that Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to deliver. But he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually make the guests satisfied. This thought gave Randolph a huge smile on his face.

At this time, a sound was suddenly heard from the skies, “Is Zhao Hai here? Have Laura and Karen come out! These two are traitors to the Markey Family! They need to come with us back to the Markey Family. This is an order!”

The nobles who were eating suddenly stopped and stared at the figure on the sky. There was no need to ask, it was certainly a 9th rank expert. However, these nobles weren’t very scared at this 9th rank right now. What all of them had in their minds were, “The Buda Clan’s Patriarch would have to swat an insect down!”

In the eyes of the nobles present, this man was just an insect waiting to be dealt with. How many nobles were currently present here? Almost all of the Great Clans of the Rosen Empire was present. And also, what was Zhao Hai’s status now? He was Calci Family’s son-in-law, the Rosen Emperor’s son-in-law, as well as the Buda Clan’s Patriarch. For such an expert to come here and demand for his father and wife to be handed over, what does this look like? If this expert isn’t swatted down, everybody would certainly feel strange.

Zhao Hai, who was currently talking to a noble, couldn’t help but smile faintly and said his apologies to the noble. Then he looked up at the 9th rank expert.






* * *


  












Chapter 503 – Triple Collaboration

The person on the sky was a warrior. He wore black warrior’s clothes and had a longsword at his back. The sword was very long, even much taller than him, it may even be more appropriate to call it a spear.

The man had a dark skin, he looked like a black man, but he was more golden in his color, one really couldn’t describe it. This person had a long scar, spanning from his right eye to the left corner of his mouth. His right eye was already non-functional, so he placed a black eyepatch over it.

An ominous person! The word ominous was the first thing that came into mind when looking at him. Zhao Hai took up a wine glass and smiled as he said, “Does mister want to attend my wedding? How about having a glass of wine?”

The 9th rank expert didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be very calm in this situation. He stared for a moment before he coldly snorted and said, “Who do you think you are? Talking to me like this. Go hand me Karen and Laura, or else even your undead wouldn’t be able to stop me!”

Zhao Hai looked at the man and smiled, “This one is Zhao Hai Buda, Laura is my wife and Karen is my father-in-law. Sir, not only did you trespass on my property, you even demanded for my wife and father-in-law and dare threaten my life. Do you think that this attitude is acceptable?”

The 9th rank expert became angry and he snorted, “You don’t have the qualifications to lecture me, boy. I don’t have the patience to talk with you, go hand over Laura and Karen, otherwise, you’ll die!”

Zhao Hai stil calmly looked at the 9th rank expert and said, “Mister doesn’t need to lose his temper. You’re just a piece. Go call out your remaining eight partners, there’s no need to play around here.”

When Zhao Hai said his words, the 9th rank as well as the nobles were surprised. The 9th rank didn’t expect Zhao Hai to know that he didn’t come alone this time. At the same time, the nobles didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would know that there are





other 9th ranks in the vicinity.

The 9th rank expert looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Good, good, young man, you’re interesting. I didn’t think that those old fogies wouldn’t know how to count properly. You actually found out about them. Young man, you’re really talented, it’s a pity that you shall die today!”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The one who dies is still uncertain.” Then he waved his hand as ten figures suddenly appeared from Golden Island. The ones at the castle cannot see the figures clearly but the 9th rank can. And from what he saw, it seemed like those ten were all 9th ranks, 9th rank Magic Beasts.

The one-eyed 9th ranks stared before his complexion changed. He looked at Zhao Hai and then suddenly swung his blade, sending a strand of Sword Qi heading towards Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn’t move at all, then a sharp sound suddenly came as a golden light clashed with the Sword Qi. The attack immediately dissipated and the one-eyed man’s face immediately changed. As soon as his expression changed, he immediately turned around to run away. At the same time, the other eight 9th ranks also appeared and started to fly away from the island.

Zhao Hai looked at them flying away before he turned his head towards his guests and smiled, “Everybody, no need to be startled, come, come, let’s drink!” Then he started to offer drinks to the guests along with Laura and the others. However, the nobles weren’t quick to shift their thoughts away from what just happened. They knew that those 9th ranks wouldn’t have retreated for no reason, it was possible that they were frightened with that golden light. For that golden light to negate an attack of a 9th rank expert meant that the golden light belonged to another 9th rank. Moreover, this 9th rank should be under Zhao Hai’s influence. This made the nobles reevaluate their view of the Buda Clan once again.

The nobles continued to eat the dishes on their tables as Zhao Hai was offering them a toast. It was like nothing just happened at the square.

Soon after Zhao Hai offered a toast to everyone present, he stood on the stage and





and looked at the guests and said, “To everyone, I want to let you know that there’s no need to worry about what happened earlier. My Buda Clan had already solved the problem.” Then he waved his had as an undead creature appeared at the side. The undead was the one-eyed 9th rank expert from before. He even had his longsword at his back.

When the nobles looked at the undead, they were very sure that this man was the 9th rank expert from earlier. This was because his appearance rarely changed even if he had become an undead.

However, there were some nobles who didn’t believe Zhao Hai. While he looked at the guests, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Gyuki, tell everyone what’s going on.”

The undead immediately gave Zhao Hai a bow before saying, “Yes, Young Master. I am Markey Family’s foreign elder. This time I was presented an order from the family to lure the Buda Clan’s 9th ranks far away. As soon as the Buda Clan’s 9th ranks become distracted, the other 9th ranks would come here and kill everyone. When that time comes, the Rosen Empire wouldn’t have many high ranking officials left. After which the opportunity to seize the Rosen Empire would arrive.”

Zhao Hai frowned and asked, “Does the Markey Family have the power to seize the Rosen Empire? Are all these 9th ranks from the Markey Family?”

Gyuki shook his head and said, “They’re not, Young Master. They aren’t all from the Markey Family. Only three of them are from the family, the other six are equally divided by both the Aksu Empire and the Radiant Church, three each. The three had reached an agreement that as soon as the nobles here are killed off, they can then attack and occupy the Rosen Empire.”

Upon hearing Gyuki’s words, every noble present went into an uproar. They didn’t believe Gyuki’s words in the beginning. It was just like Zhao Hai said, with the strength of the Markey Family, it would be impossible for them to occupy the Rosen Empire.

But when they heard that both the Aksu Empire and the Radiant Church were involved, they immediately believed it. They all knew that the Aksu Empire did indeed have sinister





have sinister thoughts towards the Rosen Empire and the Radiant Church was also the same, starting from the time when the Rosen Empire started to suppress their religion. WIth this, it was very likely for the three of them to collaborate.

Moreover, these nobles also knew that those that attended today comprises about 80% of the Rosen Empire’s nobles. All of them were high ranking nobles, small families were simply no qualified to attend.So if these people suffers an accident, the Rosen Empire would surely fall into ruin. If the Aksu Empire and the Radiant Church used this opportunity, taking over the Rosen Empire wouldn’t be very difficult.

Zhao Hai looked at the nobles and said, “Now all of you are aware of the situation. However, there is no need to worry. The other 9th ranks aren’t able to escape. As long as everybody arrives at their homes safely, the plans of the Aksu Empire and the Radiant Church wouldn’t come into fruition. Everybody can be rest assured, you can all just enjoy the banquet in the meantime.”

The nobles had already seen a magnificent scene, so they became calm as soon as they heard Zhao Hai. They understood that Zhao Hai’s strength was enough to deal with 9th rank expert to the point that they can’t even leave the island.

The people became energized once again, there were even some who shouted loudly, “This wine would be wasted if the groom doesn’t come and offer us a toast!”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright, good, Hahaha. Then I shall give you another toast!” Then he held his wine and once again gave a toast to the guests. It was at this time that the nobles noticed something extraordinary. Zhao Hai had actually remembered each and every one of their names!

This was very noteworthy, there were several thousand nobles present. But Zhao Hai can unexpectedly remember all of them. This was really too astonishing.

The people drank liquor until the skies turned dark, after which the place started to thin out, a lot of nobles were very drunk. Zhao Hai led these people out and made sure that they reached their tents safely.

In the end, Zhao Hai had expelled every single person from Flower Castle. The

Flower Castle. The only people that remained was himself and his five brides.

Zhao Hai went to Meg’s room first, Laura and the others accepted this as well. This was because Meg had been the woman who was beside Zhao Hai the longest. The other women gave her the opportunity to be the first this time.

Zhao Hai had drunk a lot of liquor, but he had also drank Life Liquid so he was completely sober. At this time, Meg was sitting in the room on her nuptial garments. Her heart was jumping crazily, she had waited for this day for a long time and it had finally arrived.

Zhao Hai gently opened the door and walked in. Meg looked at Zhao Hai and then immediately lowered her head in embarrassment. Zhao Hai looked at Meg’s appearance and smiled as he walked slowly towards her. As Zhao Hai came closer and closer, Meg’s face became redder and redder.

When Zhao Hai gently held Meg’s hand, her body couldn’t help but shudder. Zhao Hai looked at Meg and then whispered, “Meg, you finally became my wife. Are you happy?”

Meg gently nodded. Then Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he hugged Meg whose face was still getting redder. She didn’t struggle and just leaned her body towards Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Meg’s face as he slowly lowered his head to kiss Meg’s forehead, then her nose, then her ear, then her cheeks, then her mouth……

While doing so, Zhao Hai gently untied Meg’s nuptial garments and slowly removed her clothes. The temperature of the room rose a few degrees as a romantic atmosphere permeated.

Before long, Meg’s lamp had gone out. The sound of man and woman was heard inside. And soon a woman’s voice sounded out as everything turned silent. Then conversation was heard.







Before long, the same dialog was heard on the second room.





* * *


  












Chapter 504 – Markey Family Changes Leadership

Zhao Hai’s wedding had ended, but the buzz surrounding it was still continuing. There were a lot of new things in Zhao Hai’s marriage, a lot of new experiences. It would take some time before people can digest them.

Also after Zhao Hai’s wedding, the Rosen Empire immediately declared the Radiant Church as an illegal organization, everyone who can report their movements inside the Empire would be rewarded greatly. And since the Aksu Empire wanted to derail the higher levels of the Rosen Empire, all of the diplomatic relations between the two empires had been cut off. And because of the Markey Family’s involvement, they were now wanted criminals in the empire.

Rosen Empire’s response gave Zhao Hai a surprise. However, since he was still in the period of marriage bliss, he didn’t care much about the happenings in the continent.

A week after living inside the castle, Zhao Hai wanted to let Cai’er retrieve it. However, Laura and the others disagreed, so in the end the castle stayed.

At this time, Zhao Hai and the others were sitting in the living room. Laura and the others were now acting very much like young married women as they sat beside Zhao Hai. Green, Merine, Kun, and Karen were also present.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and Karen and said, “Laura, Father-in-law, the Markey Family disturbing my wedding made the Buda Clan lose face, I want to deal with them.”

Green and Merine weren’t speaking, the decision on this matter lies on the hands of Laura and Karen. After all, they were people from the Markey Family. If they agreed to deal with the Markey Family, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t be polite. If they wanted Zhao Hai to let the Markey Family off, then Zhao Hao wouldn’t touch them. Everything hinges on Laura and Karen.

Karen coldly snorted and said, “Why are you hesitating, deal with them, do you still think that we are from the Markey Family? From the moment we entered the Purcell Duchy, we already stopped treating ourselves as one of them. Since they disrupted Laura’s wedding, then I shall not spare their lives.”

Laura’s face was also cold as she said, “Brother Hai, no need to be polite, don’t worry about us and just go deal with them. If we don’t do something, people of the continent would think that our Buda Clan is fine to be bullied.”

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and Karen, then he faintly smiled, “Laura, father-in-law. If you say so, then I shall be impolite.”

Karen coldly said, “Do it. If I just have the strength then I had already taken care of my mother’s enmity that year. Now I’ll leave





this matter into your hands.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then I have a plan. Father-in-law, how about we take everything from the Markey Family and have Laura be the Matriarch?”

Karen gawked, then he suddenly smiled and said, “Good! That method is fantastic. The reason the Markey Family had become what it is today is because of my mother. If the family gets handed over to Laura, then it’ll be good for my mother’s memory. Alright, let’s do that.”

Zhao Hai laughed, then he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, my wife, I’ll have to leave the Markey Family to you later. The Markey Family’s business spans across half of the continent, how to manage it depends on you.”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “What? You don’t trust my management? With the Buda Clan as a backing, I don’t think anyone in the continent would want to annoy me.”

Zhao Hai cannot help but laugh when he heard Laura. Then the group entered the Space as Zhao Hai had Karen and Laura mark the Markey Family’s location on the map.

However, the Space’s map was still incomplete. So Zhao Hai released a hawk and had it bring the Ghost Staff to map the continent.

At this point, Lizzy was now aware of the Space. On the evening of the wedding, Zhao Hai brought Lizzy to the Space and talked about it with her before the two ‘celebrated’ their marriage. This explains why Lizzy wasn’t startled by the Space’s abilities.

The hawk used five days to map the continent. Naturally, by continent, it only meant the parts where humans had inhabited. The places where the Dwarves, Elves, and the Beastmen live were still left undiscovered. They just didn’t have the time.

After mapping the human areas of the continent, Zhao Hai immediately had Laura and Karen list the Markey Family’s shops. When they finish marking the shops, their operation shall then begin.

At this time, Zhao Hai was also introduced to another ability of the Space. As long as Laura and Karen told Cai’er about the emblem of the Markey Family as well as the affiliated nobles to the family, their stores would immediately be marked in the map. This was an ability that Cai’er had acquired when she broke through. Zhao Hai was very happy about this ability, this can surely save them a lot of time in the future.

Karen also told Zhao Hai that since the Markey Family had made a lot of enemies throughout the years, the headquarters of their family was changed. There were also fake headquarters placed all throughout the continent, only one of them was the real one. There were only a small number of people who knew about





about it, and unfortunately for the Markey Family, Karen was one of them.

The reason why Karen knew about the place was by coincidence. He had once heard his father tell his stepmother that the real headquarters of the Markey Family was somewhere none other than the original headquarters of the clan of Karen’s mother. After the Markey Family absorbed Karen’s mother’s clan, the Markey Family had carried out a secret plan to have their headquarters transferred to Karen’s mother’s clan.

The headquarters was constructed in secret, and there were fewer people who knew that this was the Markey Family’s headquarters. People wouldn’t think that the headquarters of a small noble family would actually be Markey Family’s real headquarters.

When Karen revealed this information, Cai’er immediately marked the place on the map and had it displayed on the monitor. The Markey Family’s headquarters wasn’t just a simple structure, it was actually made of gold!

A house made of gold, where everything from the tiles to the walls were made of the precious metal, and was covered in mud bricks in order to hide it from outside. This was to ensure that if one day the family gets taken down, the descendants can use the gold in the building to start from the very beginning. But unfortunately for them, this didn’t manage to evade the eyes of the monitor.

Zhao Hai quickly drew out his plan of action. Just like what he did with the Robert Family, he would stage an attack to all the shops of the Markey Family. But this time, Zhao Hai wouldn’t kill the personnel, he wanted to control and restrain them until Laura takes control of the entire Markey Family. If those managers surrendered, they would be spared, but if they won’t, then they would be killed!

The third day after Zhao Hai finished his plan, they made their move. This time, Zhao Hai wasn’t polite. The Markey Family didn’t hesitate to deal with him, additionally, Karen and Laura no longer held feelings for the family. With this in mind, how could Zhao Hai be polite?

In one night, all the immediate members of the Markey Family vanished from the continent. The only heir to the family that remained was Karen.

The Buda Clan’s thunderlike attack made the Great Clans of the continent startled. While Zhao Hai extinguished the Markey Family, Karen made his move and assumed the position of the family’s patriarch. Then he announced his claim to all of the Markey Family’s businesses.

And just as what Zhao Hai had thought before, there were some managers who immediately surrendered while there were others who had other plans. Zhao Hai didn’t become polite and quickly eliminated those who refused to surrender.

This





to surrender.

This went on for quite some time and when all the opposition was dealt with, Karen immediately announced his resignation as Patriarch and handed the position over to his daughter Laura.

The people of the continent had long thought that such a day would come, but they didn’t expect it to come this soon. They didn’t think that the Markey Family would fall into the hands of the Buda Clan this quickly.

But nobody in the continent said anything. First, because Laura and Karen were legitimate successors of the Markey Family. And the second, because they had recognized the Buda Clan’s strength.

Now there aren’t any people who dared to underestimate the Buda Clan. This was because the strength that they had displayed was very formidable.

After Laura took over the Markey Family, she immediately announced that the family would let go of 20% of their shops. And these shops were all positioned in the Aksu Empire. This had a huge effect on the Aksu Empire’s economy.

At the same time, Laura also gave up another 10% of their shops which were placed on several other nations besides the Rosen Empire. This had also affected the economies on those nations.

Although the Markey Family had given up on 30% of their shops, the other 70% was growing fast. Laura also used this opportunity to bring the managers of those shops over to her side, making her have full control over the family.

After Zhao Hai had dealt with the Markey Family, the Rosen Empire immediately took back their sanctions on their shops. However, they didn’t do the same for the Aksu Empire.

The Rosen Empire has now placed a firm foot on the ground and had all of its channels to Aksu Empire sealed. Whether it be by land or water, whether they be legal or illegal, all of them were blockaded.

The nobles of the Rosen Empire were unprecedented united, this was because all of them knew that the Markey Family and the Aksu Empire had conspired against 80% of them. Because of this, those nobles cannot just let Aksu Empire go off unscathed.

In Lifeline Canyon, the Aksu and Rosen Empire soldiers were already having minor conflicts with each other. Zhao Hai’s navy from Golden Island also made its move, disallowing ships from entering the waters of the Aksu Empire. This made the Aksu Empire experience a crisis.

This time, the Rosen Empire, the continent’s most powerful nation, wasn’t playing around. When they get serious and consolidate their power on one target, the strength that they displayed was explosive. Although this matter had caused some losses to the Rosen Empire, they were willing to accept it. They want the Aksu Empire to learn a lesson that

a lesson that they will not forget.

In comparison, the business in Golden Island was doing extremely good. There were a lot of pirates who used this opportunity to ravage the waters of the Aksu Empire. Then they would sell their loot in Golden Island, bringing huge profits to Zhao Hai’s fief.

Actually, Zhao Hai understood that it would be impossible for the Aksu Empire to be unable to trade for anything. There were pirates who looted the Aksu Empire that cooperated with some merchants from the empire to trade their goods on Golden Island.

But Zhao Hai only placed one eye on this situation. As long as they don’t abuse this system, Zhao Hai would just let it go. However, if someone were to actually do a huge transaction with the Aksu Empire, Zhao Hai would send his navy after them and sink their ships while looting their goods. After this happened for a few times, the merchants finally behaved themselves.

At this point, there weren’t a lot of things in Aksu Empire’s waters that can evade Zhao Hai’s ears. He had released a lot of marine creatures out at sea and had them monitor the ships. Zhao Hai was able to deal with those who abused the system because of this.

The Aksu Empire was regretting. They regretted their treatment of the Buda Clan in the past, they regretted that they had been part of the Radiant Church, and they had regretted that they had participated in dealing with the Buda Clan.

Since Southern King Boris was a huge part on these operations, a lot of people at his side decided to leave him. In their eyes, Boris was hopeless. He had offended a powerful family that was the Buda Clan. It was only a matter of time before he was dealt with, and these people didn’t want to follow him on his grave.

The Buda Clan’s strength was now well known, so there aren’t a lot of people who were willing to offend them. The Buda Clan was so strong that they can single handedly deal with nine 9th rank experts simultaneously. At this point, those who underestimated the Buda Clan would be courting death.

There were now more and more people who came to Golden Island, making the business of the place better and better. Nobody dared wreak havoc on the island. All of them were here to make money, they didn’t want to lose their heads just because they had offended the Buda Clan.

It took nearly a month before both the Markey Family and Golden Island got back on track. It was also time for Zhao Hai to take care of his matters back at the Beastman Prairie.





* * *


  












Chapter 505 – Air Force

It can be said that the relations between the two empires were getting so tense that they were already on the verge of war. Moreover, the Radiant Church was involved in this situation. So with how special the location of Golden Island was, it was common sense for Zhao Hai to not leave for the prairie and instead stay on Golden Island to defend it.

But Zhao Hai didn’t think so. After analyzing the situation with Green and Randolph, they came to the conclusion that the two empires wouldn’t be able to declare war with each other very easily.

Therefore, Zhao Hai used this opportunity to go to the Prairie and take a look at the situation there. It was now the beginning of spring in the Prairie and the grass had started to grow. The beastmen would return to herding and communicating with each other. This was the best time for Zhao Hai to go to the Prairie.

Additionally, Zhao Hai was also planning about how he would spend his time with his wives. He was now an 8th rank expert, so he would have no issues with spending the night with all of them. However, the women didn’t think the same, they were afraid that Zhao Hai would hurt his body. Therefore, they told him that he can only accompany one of them each night.

Zhao Hai was now thinking about how hard must it be to me his wife. He equally loved his wives, but when he spends the night with one of them, he would think about how lonely it would be for the others. This made him feel sadness in his heart.[1]

But it was great that the women weren’t showing any signs of envy to one another. This made Zhao Hai happiness instead of guilt.

Although Zhao Hai had been used to living as a person of the Ark Continent, he was still a person from Earth deep inside. Because of this, he still felt distant to how people acted in the continent.


Even if the Rosen and Aksu Empires were in a tense situation and were having small conflicts here and there, they were still afraid to fully attack each other. However, the Rosen Empire was still leading the stand-off due to how they were hampering the Aksu Empire’s economy. This made the Aksu Empire feel tense.

This time, when Zhao Hai travels to the Prairie, he wasn’t planning on riding





a carriage nor sailing on a boat. He was preparing to sit on the back of a Blood Hawk as it flew towards the Prairie.

As the Space was upgraded a few times, the Blood Hawks’ strength had gotten stronger and stronger as well. Because of this, Zhao Hai wanted to try to ride one. This was also to make the existence of his Blood Hawk known to the continent.

Zhao Hai planned to bring Laura and the others along, naturally, Shue and Shun were coming as well. On the other hand, he didn’t bring Blockhead and Rockhead. He had them stay on Golden Island and manage some matters there. Zhao Hai didn’t want the two of them to be his bodyguards forever. He wanted them to be more like Green when they grow up.

The two didn’t disagree, they also understood what Zhao Hai wanted so they went to study under Kun. After all, they still had the Space, they can see Zhao Hai at any time.

While Zhao Hai and the others were sitting on the backs of Blood Hawks, the Rosen Empire was in a stir. After all, there weren’t any humans before that could fly on the backs of flying Magic Beasts. This was the reason why Air Forces were nonexistent among human nations. But now, one appeared so it was impossible for people to not pay attention. Even the Monarchs personally asked questions.

Having an Air Force meant that one would have a new avenue in attacking the enemy. It can also do reconnaissance missions. Because of that, people were constantly on the look for any possibilities of acquiring one.

The first person to look for Zhao Hai was Randolph. Randolph didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have such Magic Beasts. The moment he found out about this, he immediately approached Kun and had him talk to Zhao Hai. Randolph wishes for Zhao Hai to give a unit to the Calci Family.

Kun felt that this matter wasn’t easy to deal with, so he immediately contacted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai sent over a message to Randolph that basically meant that Zhao Hai was waiting for someone to give word.

After hearing the message, Randolph understood. He was a Patriarch, and he had seen a lot. Because of this he immediately knew what Zhao Hai was talking about, that someone who Zhao Hai was waiting for was naturally the Rosen Emperor.

One must know that nations had always dreamt of





of having their own Air Force, but they still hadn’t succeeded in making one. And now that Zhao Hai had one of his own, this matter had naturally became quite a huge matter in the empire. If Zhao Hai wanted to give some units away, the first one to receive them should be the Emperor. If he didn’t, the Emperor would definitely be offended.

After Randolph thought through this point, he didn’t disturb Zhao Hai any longer and was now waiting for the Emperor. Before long, the Emperor called for Randolph since Zhao Hai was in the Prairie.

When Randolph received the summons, he immediately knew what was going to happen. He didn’t dally and swiftly went to the imperial palace to have an audience with the Emperor inside his study.

After having sat down, the Emperor looked at Randolph and smiled, “Randolph, your granddaughter’s husband is truly extraordinary. He really does have tons of good things.”

Randolph forced a smile and said, “Your Majesty overpraised. Who knows what that boy has? To tell you the truth, I had no idea that he had an Air Force. I came to find him this time, only to find out that he had ran over to the Prairie. I already approached his clan to send him a message to come back.”

The Emperor nodded and said, “Good” Then he carefully asked, “What kind of Magic Beast does this Air Force use?”

Randolph smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, he isn’t using Magic Beasts, but instead, Phantasmal Beasts.”

The Emperor stared, then his expression changed, “Phantasmal Beast? That’s impossible. With how Phantasmal Beasts were, you should know that they aren’t capable of carrying people. We have already researched having Phantasmal Beasts as an Air Force before, but didn’t it fail?”

Randolph forced a smile and said, “Your Majesty, of course I know. But what they were using were indeed Phantasmal Beasts, I saw them with my own eyes. They rode those beasts as they flew into the sky and when they went back down, they transformed into armor.”

The Emperor found himself unable to sit still, he stood up and asked, “What? Is that true?”

Randolph smiled and said, “Your Majesty, I wouldn’t dare lie to you about this. I asked housekeeper Kun about this matter and he said that those Phantasmal Beasts are things that Little Hai personally raised. The physical properties of those Phantasmal Beasts aren’t very different from Magic Beasts. Moreover, not only can they turn





they turn into armor and carry a person on their backs, they also don’t need to absorb energy from humans. Feeding them meat was enough to sustain them.”

The Emperor stared, then he said, “So there was such things. Those Phantasmal Beasts may be good for us. A few thousand of them would certainly benefit us greatly.”

Randolph forced a smile as he replied, “Your Majesty, you shouldn’t overestimate them. After all, a Phantasmal Beast is still a Phantasmal Beast, they cannot carry people that are too heavy. Moreover, they also cannot be equipped with a lot of things. At most, Knights can carry two quivers of arrows as well as a bow and a short sword.”

The Emperor smiled faintly and said, “That’s already quite good. Right, go discuss this with Zhao Hai. Do you think that he would be able to give me several thousands to play with?”

When Randolph heard the Emperor, his smile got more bitter. His Majesty was a good ruler, but there were times where he would act just like a spoiled child who wants to have all his whims accomplished. Randolph can only smile and said, “Your Majesty, you also know that training Phantasmal Beasts isn’t very easy. I’m afraid that Little Hai wouldn’t have a large number of them.”

The Emperor snorted and said, “What’s to be afraid about, if he can’t train them, the empire will lend him a hand. With the strength of our Rosen Empire, it would be impossible for us to be unable to train Phantasmal Beasts. In any case, tell him to give me Phantasmal Beast eggs, the more the better.”

Randolph forced a smile and said, “Yes, Your Majesty. Rest assured, I will immediately talk to him when he comes back. Right, Your Majesty, I also heard that in their armor form, those Phantasmal Beasts could still use their wings. When someone wears the armor, they would be able to fly at a low altitude for a short distance.”

Then Randolph stopped since he could feel that with each word that he said, the Emperor’s heartbeat would get louder and louder. One could see clearly how exhilarated the Emperor was just by thinking about the beasts. But nobody can blame him, generations of rulers have always dreamed of having their own Air Force. Randolph was afraid that the Emperor would ask for more Phantasmal Beasts from Zhao Hai if he spoke more words.

Just like what Randolph thought, the Emperor immediately

the Emperor immediately said, “Fantastic! That’s great! Go, go, quickly send a letter to Zhao Hai. Tell him that he has five days to send me the Phantasmal Beasts.”

Randolph bitterly smiled and then gave a bow before asking to be excused. He still didn’t know whether Zhao Hai can provide the beasts in five days. Can Zhao Hai get back from the Prairie at that time?

After he returned home, Randolph immediately wrote a letter for Zhao Hai. The letter was sent through Kun who immediately told Zhao Hai about this matter. Zhao Hai naturally didn’t oppose, he also sent a reply that he would send the beasts in five day’s time.

Actually, this buzz about his Air Force was deliberately set up by Zhao Hai. He knew that his Air Force wouldn’t be hidden for long. Additionally, if he didn’t reveal this matter, the Rosen Empire would feel dread when he revealed it in the future. Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to just let this matter out. As long as he provide the Rosen Empire with a few Phantasmal Beasts, the Emperor wouldn’t feel to bad about him.

Five days later, Randolph brought 300 Phantasmal Beasts and 1000 eggs to the Imperial Palace and handed them over to the Emperor. At the same time, Randolph also handed instructions about how to handle them; what to do when they hatch, how to take care of them after birth, how to raise them up and how to train them. Every detail was carefully written.

These things were naturally the work of Ni’er. Ni’er liked raising animals the most. Although the Phantasmal Beasts can be hatched by the Space, Ni’er was still curious and had gotten herself a few eggs to study. She found the way to hatch them normally, as well as how to raise them properly. At the same time, she also recorded the weights that the Blood Hawk can manage, the distance of flight in accordance to the load, and many other statistics.

Zhao Hai also asked Ni’er before he went and made copies of them. He didn’t change anything and just had every single one of Ni’er’s findings written down.

After the Emperor received the beasts and the notes, he immediately had a trusted aide raise the Blood Hawks according to the notes provided. At the same time, he also had the already grown up Blood Hawks train with Knights.








* * *


  












Chapter 506 – Welcomed by the Tribe

It didn’t take a long time before the news about the Buda Clan giving the Rosen Empire some flying beasts spread out to the continent. The people became curious about how the Buda Clan had managed to train those flying beasts.

The most enthused people regarding this matter were from the Rosen Empire. Almost all of the Rosen Empire nobles had turned their heads towards Golden Island. These people had one goal and that was to see Zhao Hai and ask whether they could get their hands on some of those flying beasts.

But unfortunately for them, the answer that they all got was the same. Zhao Hai was currently in the Prairie, he wasn’t in Golden Island.

Naturally, the nobles became disappointed. However, it didn’t take them long before they shifted their sights. All of them turned to Randolph, since the Calci Family was Megan’s home. They wanted to see whether they can get a flying beast there.

But it was a pity that Randolph also didn’t have any Blood Hawks. But this didn’t disappoint Randolph at all, on the contrary, he was very satisfied with Zhao Hai’s methods.

The Rosen Emperor was very satisfied with how Zhao Hai handled this matter as well. It may seem like he doesn’t involve himself in any matters, but it was impossible for him to not know about what happens inside the empire. If Zhao Hai gives some Blood Hawks to Randolph, even in secret, it wouldn’t take a long time before the Emperor hears about it. This made the Emperor appreciate Zhao Hai more.

The Emperor knew that it was impossible for Zhao Hai to not give Randolph any Blood Hawks. But the Emperor was very clear that Zhao Hai would only give Randolph the Blood Hawks later in the future. Because of this, the Emperor can use this time to train a more skilled Air Force, this was equivalent to having a big step ahead of the others. This step might be small, but it can definitely play a crucial role in future battles.

Zhao Hai naturally knew about this, but he wasn’t thinking about it right now. At this





time, he was riding the Blood Hawk and was heading towards the main camp of the Herculean Bulls. However, he also wasn’t thinking about the Prairie, he was currently focused on handling the Markey Family.

The Markey family is very big. Moreover, there were a lot of matters to attend to when managing them. Also, with how they do their businesses in the past, they had managed to offend a lot of people.

After Laura took over the leadership of the Markey Family, some small clans began to bring trouble. Because of this, they needed to deal with a lot of things.

Most importantly, the Markey Family’s headquarters was placed on a small island, it was not a safe location. In the end, Zhao Hai decided to move their headquarters over to Golden Island then have the Rosen Empire as their main business joint. As much as possible, they wouldn’t do business with the Aksu Empire.

This matter made them very busy. It was good that Zhao Hai had eliminated the other competitors for power, this made the transition much smoother.

Three days after the Air Force matter, the Blood Hawks were finally flying in the skies of the Prairie. They can arrive at an earlier time, but Zhao Hai deliberately chose to slow down so that people wouldn’t have a lot of suspicions.

After coming out of the Space, Zhao Hai immediately released Alien and then had it walk towards the Herculean Bull camp. They were currently inside the Herculean Bull’s domain so their travel went by smoothly.

Moreover, when the Herculean Bulls were dealing with the Fighting Bulls, they had already seen Alien. Because of this, Zhao Hai didn’t bother to set up any flags in fear that people wouldn’t recognize Alien.

Sure enough, a group of Herculean Bull cavalry came. When the group saw Alien, they immediately became happy. They had their bulls charge towards the undead making the newcomers, Megan and Lizzy, very worried. Looking at the two of them, Laura immediately comforted, “It’s fine, don’t worry. These people are here to greet Brother Hai. They treat Brother Hai as their benefactor.”

Just as Laura’s voice fell, the cavalry arrived by the side of Alien.





Alien. Then the group dismounted and gave a bow. A person took a step forward and said, “Is His Highness the Prince inside?”

Zhao Hai smiled and walked out of Alien’s mouth. He looked at the beastmen and gave a big laugh, “I didn’t expect you to still remember my mount. How is the tribe doing? Is Big Brother Busy? Did he miss me?”

When the Herculean Bull saw Zhao Hai, his expression turned into delight as he answered, “This one has seen the Prince. The Patriarch is in the main camp, he always talked about the Prince daily.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright, good. I haven’t drunk with Big Brother for a long time. Go lead me to him immediately. I want to have a good drink with Big Brother.” The Herculean Bulls smiled and then issued a loud cry before having their bulls head towards the main camp.

Laura and the others, who were still sitting inside alien, chuckled. Only Lizzy and Megan looked dumbfounded. They hadn’t seen Beastmen before, but from the descriptions that they had read, Beastmen were vicious beings and were barbaric in nature. But what they saw just now was completely different, the Beastmen who greeted Zhao Hai were actually very respectful.

When Zhao Hai returned to inside Alien’s body, they looked at each other’s eyes and smiled, “I’m thinking about serving Brother Wales with a roasted Blade-Scale, what do you think?”

Laura smiled and said, “That’s good. I think Big Brother Wales would take a liking to it. Come, let’s go.” Zhao Hai smiled and then had Alien go towards the main camp’s direction.

Before long, Zhao Hai had arrived at the camp. The camp was in quite a stir when they received the information of his arrival, almost every single person of the Herculean Bull Tribe came out to welcome him.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he knew that it wouldn’t be proper if he continued forward. He immediately went out of Alien along with the others. He also received Alien.

When the Beastmen saw Zhao Hai, they quickly gave him a kneeling respect. This seen made Megan and Lizzy feel strange. They didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have





would have this much reputation among the Herculean Bulls.

It was not only them, Zhao Hai was mildly startled as well. But he understood the Beastmen, he immediately said to everyone, “Alright, everyone, get up quickly. Go find me Big Brother so we can have a drink.”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Beastmen cannot help but laugh and then stood up. An elderly member of the tribe then said, “Everyone, it’s very rare for His Highness to come drink with us. You all go home and get something for themselves. Make the Prince feel our hospitality.” Then the people became rowdy as they walked into all directions.

When these people dispersed, Megan discovered that the people who gathered here reached about 100 thousand people. This made her even more startled.

At this time, hoofbeats can be heard as a team of cavalry was approaching. Zhao Hai focused his eyes and saw that it was Wales.

Wales came down from his bull about five meters away from Zhao Hai. Then he hurried towards Zhao Hai before laughing and giving him a big hug, “Hahaha, my brother! You finally came, I was dying to see you.”

Zhao Hai laughed as well and said, “Big Brother, I also wanted to see you. Let’s go and drink some liquor.”

Then Wales let go of Zhao Hai and laughed, “Right, right, let’s go drink! Brother, did you bring any nice wines for your Big Brother?”

Zhao Hai laughed, “Naturally, how can I forget about you. Moreover, I had also brought some good news for Big Brother. I have been married, these are my wives. You’ve already met Laura, Meg, and Ni’er. This is Megan and this is Lizzy. Megan, Lizzy, this is Big Brother Wales.”

Seeing Zhao Hai and Wales’ happy expressions, Megan and Lizzy didn’t dare to hesitate as they gave their respects, “Megan(Lizzy) has seen Big Brother Wales.”

Wales laughed and said, “Good, good. Sisters-in-law doesn’t need to be overly polite with me. You’ve chosen well, my brother isn’t an average person. Marrying him can give you great benefits.”

Megan and Lizzy gawked. They weren’t used to having someone talk to them like that. Laura and the others were already used to the way the Beastmen

way the Beastmen talk, they always say what they think. Since he thinks that Megan and Lizzy had gained greatly, then he would definitely not hesitate to say it.

Laura chuckled and said, “Big Brother. Brother Hai is always very good in your eyes. Right, let’s hurry along, we’re quite hungry.”

Wales immediately smiled and said, “Alright, let’s go. Having you be hungry for long is not very good.” Then he called over some mounts and had Zhao Hai and the others sit on them before they headed towards the camp.

Currently, the camp was very busy in preparation for a feast. Since Zhao Hai, their benefactor, came, they decided to give him the best welcome that they can provide.

When Zhao Hai entered the golden tent, he saw that Yale and Mendez were already waiting for him inside. There were also some high-level members of the tribe present. Zhao Hai gave them his respects as he turned to Wales and said, “Big Brother, I have something delicious to give you. Have the tribe eat it.” Then he released ten Blade-Scale Whales. These ten whales aren’t small, each one having almost 20 thousand jin(10k kg) of meat. These whales were the biggest ones among the batch that the Space Produced. Zhao Hai took them out this time to have the people of the Herculean Bull Tribe eat it.

The population of the Herculean Bull tribe wasn’t that large, about less than a million. But almost 200 thousand jin of Blade-Scale whale meat was still insufficient. However, it would still enough for them to savor the flavor of the meat. Zhao Hai had also released a number of Magic Beasts to be cooked in order to fully feed the entire Herculean Bull population.

Wales didn’t become polite, when he saw these things he laughed and said, “You really bring a lot of good things everytime. But there’s nobody here who can cook these properly. I’ll have to depend on brother for this matter.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “This isn’t a problem. Brother can be rest assured.” Then he released some undead to help cook the meat. Having them cook ensured that there wouldn’t be a problem with the food.





* * *


  












Chapter 507 – Joyful Reunion

After the introductions, Wales looked at Laura and the others and smiled, “Good, brother has finally married. I also think that it’s time for you to marry. I didn’t expect that you would be this quick.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “I won’t dare to be slow. Otherwise, they’ll be taken by someone else. Hahaha.”

Wales also laughed and said, “If someone dared rob my brother, then I’d form an army to deal with that person. Hahaha. Right, brother, why did you come this time? Did something happen?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Everything’s fine. I just spent God’s Grace Day with everyone. Then after that your brother has managed to get promoted and had himself a new fief in the Human lands. It’s quite a good place. Also, Lizzy is a Princess of the Rosen Empire while Megan is a treasured lady of the Calci Family. After having them, I went to tie the knot by wedding. Then Laura’s family came to take her back, resulting in me eliminating their clan and having Laura take the place as the head.”

Wales gawked, and then he laughed and said, “So the status of my Sisters-in-law aren’t simple. Fantastic! With brother’s promotion and wealth as well as your marriage with sisters-in-law, you now have everything accounted for. Hahaha.”

Zhao Hai laughs and said, “Right, Hahaha.”

This way of talking was what Beastmen prefer, say what you think, don’t be a hypocrite. Because of this, they didn’t dislike Zhao Hai’s way of talking.

After chatting jokingly for a while, Zhao Hai turned to Wales and said, “Brother, how is the tribe doing now? You can tell me if you need anything, your brother will help you.”

Wales nodded and said, “I hope brother can get me some ironware, preferably weapons. You should know that the event where we had dealt with the Fighting Bulls was only known to few people because of the winter. But from now on, people would look for trouble with our Herculean Bull tribe. If we have enough iron weapons, then we can manage to deal with them.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “This is not a problem. How about this, I’ll send you two hundred thousand great axes, I’ll have them delivered later. Right, those slaves that you’ll send me, let them stay here in the meantime, have them help. When your fighting ends, you can send them backto me. Also, go help me get some corpses to turn into undead.”

Wales laughed, “Then I’ll be impolite. I’ll wait until everything gets settled down before bringing you those slaves. Right, we also need grains. I really don’t know what is going on, but there seems to be a shortage of food in the Prairie. Our Cow-headed race is rapidly running out of food right now.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, that’s not an issue. I have a lot of bamboo rice, and also some Bread Fruits. You can have as many





as you want”

Wales smiled and said, “I know that I’ve been asking a lot from brother. But brother can be rest assured that I will not let you suffer. In the past few days we have gathered a lot of Magic Beasts. I promise to trade them to you at a suitable price.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “It really doesn’t matter. I can afford this, you don’t need to worry. You can also ask the other beastmen to see if they also lack food. If the entire Beastman race gets a shortage of food, then it might lead to a massive war.”

Wales stared, he hadn’t thought of this possibility. He immediately nodded and said, “Right, right, it seems like I really have to check on this matter. Our current Herculean Bull Tribe is still weak, we need a few years before we can recover, we aren’t ready for war. But brother, if the entire Prairie did have a food shortage, what do we do?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and then said, “Don’t worry. If the entire Prairie did lack grain, then I will find a way to provide it. I might not have enough of other things, but when it comes to Bamboo rice, I’m confident.”

Wales was now very trusting of Zhao Hai, when he heard Zhao Hai’s words, he immediately nodded and said, “Alright, then brother don’t need to worry about the other matters, I’ll take care of it. If you have the grain, then they would definitely buy it at a high price.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I really don’t care about the price, so long as war doesn’t happen. But Brother, if you have a war with the Aksu Empire, then I won’t oppose. I’ll let you know that the Aksu Empire has been giving me trouble these days. They made me feel very uncomfortable.”

When Zhao Hai told Wales about the situation with the Aksu Empire, Wales became angry. Then he immediately declared loudly, “Good, Aksu Empire, they actually dare act against you? I definitely won’t let this matter go. Brother can be rest assured, if I find an opportunity then I will definitely avenge your grievance.”

Zhao Hao smiled, “But I also think that this isn’t a good idea. I can also avenge myself, but I don’t want to do so right now. I have a good relationship with the Purcell Family, if you attack the Aksu Empire, the Purcell Family would surely be the first to suffer bad luck. And I don’t want to see that.”

Wales nodded, “Brother, feel relieved, I won’t act unreasonably. Right, let’s not talk about these things anymore. The things outside have already been roasted, let’s go eat and drink!”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he followed Wales. Outside, Argali and Bulls have already been roasted. There were also some delicacies of the Prairie that were prepared. The seafood that Zhao Hai had brought were also prepared, all of it can now be eaten immediately.

Faced with





with the scene of the Herculean Bulls passing around the food made Megan and Lizzy feel like they didn’t have enough eyes to look at everything.

While looking at the hustle and bustle of the people, Wales’ raised his hand. Upon doing so, the Beastmen immediately became quite. This scene made Lizzy very surprised, even the Emperor of the Rosen Empire didn’t have this much control.

Seeing that the crowd had gone peaceful, Wales said loudly, “Today, our Herculean Bull’s brother Zhao Hai has returned to the Prairie. Let today be a special day for our tribe, we must celebrate well. But don’t cause too much ruckus. We’ve already prepared delicious dishes for you. Come join me in welcoming our good brother Zhao Hai.” The crowd cheered loudly.

Looking at this scene, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly and didn’t say anything. He knew that these Beastmen didn’t need his speech. If one needed to say empty words, then he might as well not say anything at all.

Before long, a small table was placed in front of them. Placed on top were the delicacies as well as some milk products. Making these things were a Beastman’s forte, humans just can’t simply compete with them.

After Zhao Hai and the others sat down, all of the Beastmen went to sit down as well. They also had their own tables in front of them, and on top of those were the seafood that Zhao Hai had brought. These things were something that these Beastmen wouldn’t have been able to eat in their entire lifetime.

Wales didn’t become polite, he raised his wine glass and said, “Today, we shall welcome Brother Zhao Hai. Brother, come, have this cup. Cheers!” Then the crowd shouted as well, “Cheers!”

Zhao Hao also lifted his glass, then he drank the liquor. The rice wine that Zhao Hai brought was very delicious but strong. Wales liked it very much.

After downing this glass, the atmosphere immediately turned warm. As various delicacies were brought to their table by young Herculean Bull women, Zhao Hai and the others continued to enjoy themselves in eating and drinking.

Megan and Lizzy didn’t know how to let loose. Since childhood, the two of them had always been taught about how to act appropriately. They must follow set movements in whatever they do, so they found it hard to eat this freely.

The Beastman way of eating was something that they couldn’t’ easily adapt. But when they looked over at Zhao Hai and the others, they seemed to be doing it comfortably. The two couldn’t help but feel curious.

Looking at the two, Laura knew that they needed an explanation, she looked at the two and said, “Here in the Prairie, it’s really not very good to act very politely. If you become too polite, then they would feel angry. Because of this, one should just throw their etiquette out the window when eating and drinking here. The more you eat the more





the more happy people get.”

Megan and Lizzy then looked at Ni’er who had stuffed her mouth full of meat. The two of them couldn’t help but want to try it. They opened their mouths and took a huge bite out of the meat. The two of them couldn’t deny that eating a huge chunk of the meat really does reveal a unique taste.

A banquet as warm as this was something that Megan and Lizzy hadn’t attended much before. The warmest event that they had recently attended was their own wedding, and that was considering all of the other banquets that they had attended before. But they had to admit, the atmosphere then wasn’t as warm as this one.

Before long, young Beastmen women started to dance. Some Herculean Bulls soldiers were also wrestling. The atmosphere immediately turned bustling.

Zhao Hai was already quite used to this atmosphere. This atmosphere made one drink more wine than they usually did. Sure enough, Zhao Hai drank more wine than usual, all of them were now drunk.

At midnight, Zhao Hai woke up. He felt much better right now. After all, rice wine wasn’t the strongest wine that he had drank. Also, Laura had Cai’er fetch him some water from the Space. So his state was now back to normal.

Zhao Hai sat up from the bed and felt that he had a good night’s sleep. He felt that his body become light and cool. He stood up and then went to the living room. This night, it was Shun’s duty to look at the monitor. Reflected on it was the tent that Wales had prepared for Zhao Hai.

Seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Shun immediately said, “Young Master, you’ve come. The madames have already rested.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’ve drank so much this time, now I can’t fall back to sleep. I’ll just sit here with you.”

Shun smiled and said, “Go sit down Young Master, I’ll go get you a cup of tea.” Zhao Hai nodded and then sat down.

Before long, Zhao Hai smiled to Shun and said, “I’ve always had a relaxed feeling everytime I’m in the Prairie. It may be because it didn’t need too much thinking when getting along with the Beastmen.”

Shun smiled and said, “Beastmen are truly adorable. I can see from their appearances that they really don’t want to attack the Humans. But they were only compelled to do so because of the suppression done to them.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “In this war between races, nobody is right or wrong. From the viewpoint of humans, what they did was correct. They control the prices towards the Beastmen because they don’t want the Beastmen to be strong. The Beastmen think that the Humans are bullying them. They think that as long as they are able to survive, they won’t be attacking the Humans. After all, they also don’t want to have deaths among them. But if the humans would go too far,

go too far, then the Beastmen wouldn’t be polite anymore.”

Shun nodded, “So Young Master, what are you going to do? Will you help the Beastmen? If we do supply the whole race, then we can certainly guarantee the supply. We can just let Cai’er cultivate some Bread Trees, with those, we can get a lot of Bread Fruits that can supply the Beastmen.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also know about this, but I want to see how the situation goes. If the whole Prairie is really lacking in food, just as Brother Wales said, then there is a problem. Somebody must have been in control behind this. I don’t want to act before those people make their move.”

Shun nodded, he also agreed to Zhao Hai’s method. Zhao Hai wasn’t a saint, and he doesn’t need to wipe the ass of the Beastmen. What was currently happening to the Prairie needed to be checked. If they don’t, then it would be the Buda Clan’s miscalculation, and Zhao Hai didn’t want that.

After chatting with Shun for a while, Zhao Hai returned to his room and rested. The next morning, after the group washed themselves, they went out of the Space and out of the tent. At this time, the Beastmen were already going busy outside. Seeing the busy Beastmen, Megan and Lizzy couldn’t help but take a liking to them.

Yesterday, other than meeting the higher ranking people of the tribe, they also met with the commoners. In their opinion, whether they be high ranking beastmen or commoners, both were very adorable. All of them were diligent, much more than the most diligent nobles. Now the two of them can understand why Zhao Hai and the others were able to get along with these people. If you don’t get along with these kinds of people, then there’s something wrong with your nature.

When the Beastmen saw them, they all gave their enthusiastic greetings. Megan and Lizzy now saw how different the Beastmen and the Humans were.

At this time, Wales sent for Zhao Hai to invite them for breakfast. Zhao Hai didn’t decline as he led Laura and the others to have breakfast with Wales. After the meal, Wales kept Zhao Hai inside his tent as they were offered milk tea. Wales took a sip of the tea and looked at Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, I think we should go to the Mastiff Race and have a look there first. If the Dog race lacked grain, then we should ask them for help. After all, they have helped us a lot in the past.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “We should, we should. When our Herculan Bull Tribe were having difficulties in the past, the Mastiff Race gave us a helping hand. Because of that we managed to wade through the difficulty and managed to stand up again. Right, brother, if you have any other friends that needs help, then we should also help them.”





* * *


  












Chapter 508 – God Exists

Wales thought for a moment and then sighed, “These years, the only people that we have a good relationship with is the Mastiff Tribe. We also have a casual relationship with the Horse Race as well as the Pig Race, however that relationship isn’t that deep. We really don’t have a lot of connections.”

Zhao Hai frowned, then he said, “This is somewhat troublesome. Brother, we might as well go to the Matiffs and ask them if they have any other tribes that they have good relationships with. After all, a friend of a friend can still be a friend. We are allies with the Mastiffs and they also have other allies, this way we can have several allies.”

Wales stared, then nodded, “You’re right, what you said would be the best thing to do. Also, you have a lot of grain in your hands. I’m sure the Beastmen would have some of those. If you keep providing food, then having no allies will be taken care of soon.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s also good. But let’s see how the situation goes first. Brother, the Prairie always lacked grain, but if the deficit is too much this time, then I’m afraid that someone might have been pulling the string in the shadows. We must take this matter into consideration. If people were indeed causing mischief, then we have to investigate it through, eliminate the problem at its roots.”

Wales knit his brows and said, “That is indeed a possibility. Although the Prairie always lacked grain, the supply would still be enough to go by. But this time seems to be very different, the amount of grain circulating is pitifully low.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Then it seems like people are really causing this deliberately. I think we must consider the Radiant Church in this manner. Even if they got defeated last time, it doesn’t mean that they have already given up. It’s highly probable that they are the cause of this time’s crisis. If they really are, then I’m afraid that war is the only solution.”

Wales frowned, “But the issue with this is that the Cow-headed race’s losses would not be small if we really would go to war. For our Cow-headed race, wouldn’t that





scenario be harmful?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Big Brother, you should look at it another way. The Herculean Bulls now have enough grains, you now don’t have to fight for food. In the past, when you are battling against the humans, you were always at the vanguard, becoming the first to come in contact with the human army so that you can get more food. But now, that is no longer necessary. You can just state the reason that the Herculean Bulls had lost a lot during the fight with the Fighting Bulls. You can just hand the position of Vanguard over to other people. You can just stay at the back lines and relax.”

Wales stared for a moment before he laughed, “Right, Right. Brother you really are full of good ideas. Alright, we’ll do just that.”

Then Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “But Brother shouldn’t be celebrating early. This matter is only our guesses. We still don’t know if the Radiant Church is indeed behind this crisis. If they aren’t, then things would be more troublesome. But no matter what, Brother should opt to stay at the back lines. Even if you followed, you don’t have to take part in the battles. The Herculean Bulls cannot afford any more losses.”

Wales nodded, “Right, we should determine the cause of this matter first. In a few days we’ll go to the Mastiffs. They should be better off compared to other tribes since we had been sending them grains all throughout the winter.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, then Brother can get news about the Prairie from there. Brother, I’ll exit first. If you need me, just send someone and I’ll go out.”

Wales nodded and watched Zhao Hai leave. When Zhao Hai returned to his tent, he looked at Laura and the others and sighed, “Am I being excessive? Helping the Beastman deal with the Humans?”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “It’s nothing. If this matter is really related to the Radiant Church, then it would also be good for the humans if war were to happen. Except for the Rosen Empire, the Radiant Church had already spread their influence around the entire continent. More and more people have become believers of the Church. Some of them





them even donated all of their own belongings to the organization. The existence of the Radiant Church isn’t a good thing for the people. Even if they aren’t eliminated, it would be best to have them controlled. Because of this, I completely agree with you dealing with the Church’s actions.”

Megan also nodded and said, “Big brother Hai, the Radiant Church had already caused too much death to my family. It is right that we should deal with them.”

Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Elder Brother Hai, are you feeling uneasy? You don’t have to, think about it, war is very good for our clan. What does the Black Wasteland really need right now? It is more people. If the Beastmen and the Humans go head to head with each other, the first target would be the Aksu Empire. When war happens, a lot of people from the empire would surely be displaced. At that time, we can have people take them and bring them into the Black Wasteland and then give them land to work on. They would then become people of our Buda Clan. Our Clan has two main enemies right now, first is the Aksu Empire, the other is the Radiant Church. If the crisis of the Prairie was indeed because of the Radiant Church, then when the Beastmen sends their troops, the Radiant Church would be heavily affected. And with the Aksu Empire being the first to be hit by the attack, their losses would be even greater. At that time, Brother Hai would have dealt with two major problems. So why worry?”

After learning about how Zhao Hai does his things, Lizzy also decided to demonstrate her talent. She had always been a genius military strategist, her methods might be ruthless, but they were all very effective.

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “But the one who suffers the most in this situation would be the commoners. Especially those from the Purcell Duchy, because of our connection with them, I’ve been having second thoughts about this matter.”

Zhao Hai would get soft-hearted sometimes. He was only ruthless when it came to his enemies. Commoners weren’t his foes, he doesn’t have the heart to cause them suffering.[1]

Laura comforted him, “Brother Hai, this matter is set in stone.





in stone. Think about it, if not for your presence, the Herculean Bulls would have already been extinguished. When that happens, the Beastmen would be placed in an awkward position, and a war would still happen. And that war would even be more chaotic than this one.”

Zhao Hai sighed again, “The Radiant Church is truly a calamity. Unfortunately for us, they have already infested the entire continent. It would be very hard to remove them.”

Lizzy frowned and said, “Elder Brother Hai, the rising of the Radiant Church is really very strange. Several hundred years ago, the Radiant Church was just a small church that Light Mages believed in. There were even some Light Mages that chose to believe in the Life God other than the Radiant God. However, after some time, the Church had suddenly become more and more powerful. From what I read in the Imperial Records, the Radiant God had descended, causing the Church to become more formidable until it reached its present scale. In just a short hundred years, the Church had become much more powerful than those Great Clans that had been around for a thousand years. There should be some secret going on behind the scenes.”

Zhao Hai stared, his face couldn’t help but change as he said, “Descent of the Radiant God? Is there really such a thing?”

Lizzy shook her head and said, “There aren’t a lot of things written on the records. But I think that it may be impossible. How can the Radiant God just descend?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Why would it be impossible? What if there really are gods in the continent? What if those gods needed the faith of people in order to get stronger? If that is so, then it would make sense that the Radiant God would descend and get more followers. That way, he would get much stronger while at the same time suppressing the other gods.”

Lizzy and the others stared, they didn’t think that Zhao Hai would say this. Meg was confused and said, “Young Master, I don’t understand. Aren’t they gods? Do they also need to compete for power just like humans?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Don’t’ think of gods as something special. They are just people who are

people who are more powerful. Since they are just people, then it would make sense for them to strive for power. If the continent did really experience a descent of the Radiant God, then the backing of this Radiant Church isn’t simple.”

Lizzy and the others felt that they were listening to words from the Book of Heaven. They had never heard of this description of the gods before. To them, what Zhao Hai said was too mysterious.

Zhao Hai cannot confirm that what he said was the truth. In any case, all of the novels wrote gods as this way. Even if the Ark Continent is different from those novels, it had Magic as well as Battle Qi. The possibility of this description being true is much higher compared to earth. Because of this, Zhao Hai believed that the gods of this world were just the same as those in the novels.

Zhao Hai let out a sigh and said, “It looks like we cannot completely eliminate the Radiant Church, since we might cause the Radiant God to be dissatisfied. For a god to descend on the continent, he certainly has his reason. If we go and eliminate his forces in the continent, they might get impolite. Even if our current forces can deal with 9th rank experts, we still cannot face a god. Our strength still falls short.”

Laura frowned, “Is this really the case? Brother Hai, are you sure that you’re not just thinking too much into it?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “I also hope that I’m just overthinking. But no matter what, we should avoid that scenario from happening. We cannot have huge troubles coming our way.”

Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai, then she faintly smiled and said, “If there really is a god, then I don’t think that we really need to be afraid of him. I believe that even gods doesn’t have a mysterious existence such as the Space. Brother Hai doesn’t need to worry too much.”

Zhao Hai smiled and answered, “I also believe that gods cannot have a thing such as the Space. Otherwise, they wouldn’t need to descend and get some followers. They can just snatch some of them and lecture them inside their Space.”






* * *


  












Chapter 509 – Meeting the Mastiff Clan

After mentioning the Space, Zhao Hai and the others’ moods relaxed. Just as Zhao Hai said, if those gods really have such a mysterious thing, then they wouldn’t need to go through the trouble of establishing churches. They can just capture people and have them populate their space and then lecture them in the god’s respective faith. For both faith and influence, this would be the most convenient method.

The group chatted for a while before Zhao Hai took them to play in the Prairie since they had nothing else to do right now. Although the Markey Family still had a lot of things to do, their headquarters were already relocated to Golden Island. Ever since it has been transferred to the island, Laura didn’t need to manage it all the time, she can just hand the tasks over to Kun.

Kun had worked as a housekeeper for the Markey Family for half of his life. His understanding about the family’s matters were very handy. Moreover, he had more knowledge about how the family’s internal workings ran than Laura. Because of this, he didn’t have any problems in managing the people from the family. Not only did he possess experience, all of the other housekeepers of the family were now answering to him.

In the past, Kun held a certain influence inside the Markey Family. It was only because of Laura that he quit being an official. Because of this, there were a lot of the family’s housekeepers who already knew him, making everything much smoother.

Therefore, the things that were left for Laura to do weren’t many. As long as something gets sent to her study, Cai’er can just have it sent to the Space for Laura to process. This made it easier for Laura to process things, giving her more free time.

In the past, when the Markey Family was still big, there were a lot of matters that needed to be managed. But now, after they changed their structure, the businesses that they had left were only 50% compared to before while keeping the original amount of managers. This gave the family an excess of managers, giving Laura much less things to worry about.

Additionally, with the Space, Cai’er can monitor those who dared to steal





some profits. It was like having a highly effective investigator on hand. Those who didn’t reveal their workings in the light were reported to Laura and were promptly judged. After seeing this, the managers immediately became honest and started working hard.

The Markey Family being able to manage such a large scale business on the entire continent can also be attributed to their ability to manage their shops. Thus, all of their managers were surely talented in what they do. They just want to prove that Laura is unprepared to lead them, but it seems like it was now impossible to do so.

Because of the Space’s formidable abilities, Zhao Hai became successful in taking over the Markey Family.

Even if the Markey Family was already thinned out, and their income seem to have been cut short, their business was in fact doing much better than before.

The Robert Family that Zhao Hai had eliminated before was well known to be the majority suppliers for the continent’s daily necessities. The Markey Family also sold such goods, but they also focused on other businesses. But now that Zhao Hai had closed down on their other ventures, they became focused on selling daily necessities. Now that the Robert Family was gone, their market share on daily necessities were now taken over by the Markey Family. And adding on to their existing business, the Markey Family was now the largest supplier of daily necessities in the entire Rosen Empire. This made their profits in the empire way bigger than what they had before.

Every single person on the continent knew that what the Markey Family had today was only due to having Zhao Hai as their backer. In fact, the Markey Family can be considered to be the Buda Clan, in one way or another. Because of this, nobody dared to cause trouble with them in Rosen Empire.

Although the income of the Markey Family was lower than before, the continent’s impression of them had gone much better. Zhao Hai’s business etiquette was not overbearing like the Markey Family. Some bullying managers were also dealt with. Presently, the shops of the family were very amiable because of the Markey Family’s new way of approaching business.

Zhao Hai was very happy with this development. He knows that the Buda Clan cannot





cannot grow up too fast. With the Markey Family’s connections, they were growing up too fast, it was time for them to lay low.

Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to relax a bit. He brought Megan and the others to roam around the Prairie everyday. Since spring has arrived, the plains were now full of wandering beasts. Zhao Hai had also used this opportunity to collect some Magic Beasts for the Space. Unfortunately, the Space was yet to be upgraded, this made Zhao Hai quite impatient.

After three days, news had come from Wales, telling them that they would be leaving for the Mastiffs tomorrow. Their first agenda was to form an alliance with the Mastiffs, and the second was to ask for news about the Prairie’s situation.

Zhao Hai didn’t say anything. At the same time, Megan and Lizzy were enjoying their trip to the Prairie. Moreover, Wales greeted them everyday while serving them food and drinks. Megan and Lizzy were also learning from the Beastmen women how to make milk based products. The two of them looked like two city girls who went to the rural areas to play around, they were very curious about everything.

Seeing them smile, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything. Also, Zhao Hai was now feeling relaxed about his problem regarding having too much Magic Beasts inside the Space. The Markey Family had a lot of meat processing factories in their hands. Zhao Hai can just send his excess Magic Beasts for them to process.

There were a lot of people from the Markey Family, so Zhao Hai still cannot fully trust them. Because of this, Zhao Hao only relegated some basic tasks for them to do. But even in this case, they were still a great help for the Buda Clan.

The Buda Clan isn’t a millennium-old clan, they don’t have much of a background. In addition to their recent downfall, all of their assets were now useless. Now that the Markey Family was taken into their fold, even if they weren’t involved in internal matters, they can still manage ordinary matters. For the Buda Clan, this was a great thing.

Zhao Hai believed that if the Prairie did come across a grain shortage, then his business here would get bigger and bigger. With the help of the Markey Family’s





Markey Family’s meat processing factories as well as their shops, he can make canned food and rations. Moreover, he can also sell those items through those shops, this would bring him no small profit.

Most importantly, after having those shops, he can also sell all of the things that were produced by the Space. He didn’t need to worry about someone cutting off their sales to pressure them anymore.

Zhao Hai was also making preparations to water the Bread Trees inside the Space. He had planted a lot of Bread Trees on the background of the Space, but he decided to have them grow naturally and didn’t use the Spatial Water to quicken their growth. However, the situation has already changed. He was now watering those trees with Spatial Water. He needed to produce a lot of Bread Fruits in order to deal with the food shortage of the Prairie.

After waiting for the Bread Trees to bear fruit, Zhao Hai moved Little Jin’s entire tribe into the Space. Since the Space’s environment was much better than Ape Island, Little Jin was very happy. Zhao Hai also transferred the Goldmetal Tree over to the Space. It was a pity that it wasn’t enough to upgrade the Space, however, it did increase the amount of metal produced inside as well as hardening the undead’s bones.

Zhao Hai was very satisfied with this result. The Goldmetal Tree was also growing properly inside the Space, moreover, at a rate much faster than before.

The next morning, Zhao Hai and the others went with Wales as they headed towards the Mastiff Tribes’ territory. Zhao Hai didn’t ride inside the cart that Wales provided, but instead he rode inside Alien. The undead mount was much more comfortable than any carriage. Zhao Hai had also invited Wales in as well as Mendez. Mendez’ tasks was very important right now. After their alliance with the Mastiff Tribe gets taken care of, this matter would be handed over to Mendez. He would be the Herculean Bull’s representative in any matters with the Mastiffs. One can say that Mendez was now considered to be the diplomat of the Herculean Bull Tribe.

Zhao Hai had Wales and Mendez inside Alien, all three of them were drinking inside. The other Herculean Bulls outside didn’t need managing, they also didn’t

they also didn’t want to disturb the three.



Wales’ influence inside the Herculean Bull Tribe was very high. After all, he managed to recapture the Herculean Bull’s place as the Royal Tribe of the Cow-headed race. At the same time, Mendez was his right hand man, people of the Herculean Bulls naturally didn’t have anything to say about him as well.

Also, for Zhao Hai, these Beastmen held gratitude in their hearts. Zhao Hai made sure that they wouldn’t starve to death. Additionally, Zhao Hai took care of their logistics during their war.

Because of these three reasons, nobody went to disturb the three while they were drinking inside Alien. At the same time, nobody also disturbed them whenever they had a meal.

It took seven days from the main camp to reach the Mastiff domain. And they spent the entire time moving along. Although they were some Dog-headed tribes on the way, Wales didn’t bother them.

However, those dog-headed beastmen were still very accepting towards them. The Dog-headed race and the Cow-headed race were very close. Because of this, they treated the Herculean Bulls respectfully. After all, the Herculean Bulls are the Cow-headed race’s Royal Tribe.

Because of this, Zhao Hai and the others stayed inside Alien and would rarely come out. Only during mealtimes would they stop and go out to eat with everyone.

Seven days quickly passed by as Zhao Hai arrived inside the Mastiff’s main camp. But when he came this time, he felt that something was different. It seems like the camp was much bigger, and there were more tents within.

When Zhao Hai entered the camp, he learned why there were more tents inside. This was because there were a lot of tribes who gathered today. There was the Wolfhound Tribe, Shar Pei Tribe, Tosa Tribe, Bull Terrier Tribe, German Shepherd Tribe, Canary Mastiff Tribe, and others more.

These races were the warring force of the Dog-headed Race. They were an integral part of the fighting power of the race. Naturally, because of the relationship between the Dog-headed race and the Cow-headed race, these tribes’ relationship with the Herculean Bulls was also good. Wales had already met the Patriarchs of these tribes, and since these Patriarchs were of the same age as Wales’ father, all of them were very intimate with Wales.





* * *


  












Chapter 510 – Telling the Reason

The Dog-headed race had a lot more members compared to the Herculean Bulls. Therefore, when Zhao Hai saw these Dog-headed races, he felt his eyes turn strange, there were too many of them.

After introducing themselves, Zhao Hai and Wales were welcomed into a big tent. Zhao Hai chose to not bring Laura and the others today, he just let them stay in the Space. Naturally, in the eyes of outsiders, they were all staying inside Alien.

Inside the tent, these Dog-headed tribe leaders were looking curiously at Zhao Hai. They knew that the Cow-headed Race had a Foreign Prince. Moreover, this new Foreign Prince was a big grain Merchant who had a lot of grain in his hand. The Herculean Bulls being able to reclaim their throne was closely related to this Foreign Prince.

It was because of this that those Dog-headed tribes didn’t have any aversion towards Zhao Hai. There were no Beastmen who disliked human Merchants, they were only on guard against them. But since Zhao Hai was a Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bulls, which made him half-beastman, the Beastmen present here naturally held a favorable impression towards Zhao Hai.

Buzeer looked at Wales and then smiled faintly, “Wales, you little brat. Your expression looks very good, it seems like your Herculean Bull Clan had gotten its strength back.”

Wales gave his respects to Buzeer and smiled, “Uncle Buzeer, we did indeed have a good winter. In the past years, we needed to ration all of the food that we have. But this time, we have a lot to eat, it’s natural that we’d look good.”

Looking at Wales’ expression, Buzeer couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Right, with Little Hai’s support, your days have been better. But you shouldn’t forget your uncle.”

Wales smiled and said, “in fact, one of the reasons that Little Hai came back to the Prairie was to bring him here. Uncle, you can tell Little Hai what you need, he can guarantee that he will give the lowest price to you.”

Buzeer looked at Zhao Hai and faintly smiled, “Little Hai, you really came at a fantastic time. Our Dog-headed Race do indeed lack food. How much can you provide us?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Uncle Buzeer, I can give you as much grain as you want. I also brought some Bread Fruit for you. Come take a look.” Then he took out a Bread Fruit and placed it on the ground.

Buzeer had never seen a Bread Fruit before, it was the same for Wales. Since the Herculean Bulls had an excess of food, Zhao Hai didn’t bother to show them this fruit.

Buzeer was confused as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what is this thing?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Uncle Buzeer, this is a Bread Fruit. This fruit is very mysterious. You can see that it isn’t very big,





but as long as you open its hard shell, the fruit pulp inside would expand. Each fruit can fill a stomach of one Herculean Bull.”

The Cow-headed race can eat much more than the Dog-headed race. So when Zhao Hai said his words, Buzeer looked at the fruit and said, “Is it really that amazing?”

Zhao Hai placed the Bread Fruit on the table and then turned to Buzeer and said, “Uncle Buzeer, this fruit can be eaten as is. But is can also be roasted before being eaten. What do you think?”

Buzeer looked at Zhao Hai as his eyes turned bright, “Little Hai, can we taste this thing first?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “No problem, Uncle can try it.” Then he took out some unopened Bread Fruits and handed them over to Buzeer and the others.

After the Buzeer and the others had eaten the fruit, they nodded. This thing was very good. Not only was its flavor good, it was also very convenient to store, it was a very useful thing.

Buzeer placed the Bread Fruit down and looked at Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, I want these things, how many do you have? Our Dog-headed race is extremely lacking in food, I want as much as you can provide.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Uncle, as long as you tell me how much you want, I can certainly provide it to you. Also, I shall sell these Bread Fruits at half the price of Bamboo Rice.”

Buzeer became happy, he immediately said, “Good, fantastic! Little Hai’s words really makes me feel relieved. I want an initial 20 million at this time, what do you think?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, I can give it to you anytime. Just go find me a place to take them out and then I’ll give it to you.”

Buzeer gladly got someone to prepare the place. Then the group continued to chat inside the tent. But this time, it was evident that the other Tribe leaders were more polite towards Zhao Hai. Being impolite to a merchant that can easily take out several million jins of food isn’t a wise move.

Seeing that the atmosphere had settled down, Wales turned to Buzeer and said, “Uncle Buzeer, I heard rumors that the entire Prairie is having a food shortage. Is this true?”

As soon as Buzeer heard Wales, he couldn’t help but sigh and said, “It’s true. If it isn’t then our Dog-headed race wouldn’t have a lack of food. I initially wanted to borrow some food from other races, but I didn’t think that they would have a deficit as well. Everybody’s days have been very bad.”

Wales and Zhao Hai looked at each other and saw a glint in their eyes. Wales immediately turned to Buzeer and said, “Uncle, can we talk alone?”

Buzeer looked at Wales’ expression and knew that he should have something important to tell him. He couldn’t blame Wales as he





he nodded and said, “Alright. Everyone! I’ll have to ask you to exit the tent, I have something to talk about with Wales.” The group didn’t object as they just nodded and stood up.

Seeing that everyone has exited, Wales immediately turned to Buzeer and said, “Uncle, you should know that our Herculean Bull Tribe had just suffered a disaster. I’m afraid that people might cause trouble for us in the future. I want to ask Uncle this time to help us out if ever people come to give us problems.”

Buzeer laughed and said, “You kid, that’s a small matter. I thought you’re being secretive because of something else. Don’t worry, with our relationship, we would surely assist you if you have problems.”

Wales bitterly smiled and said, “Uncle, this is only one thing. The other thing doesn’t only involve our Cow-headed race and Dog-headed race. It involves the food shortage of the entire Prairie. It seems like this one is of a larger scale. Little Hai believed that there may be people who deliberately caused this behind the scenes, and they are most likely the Radiant Church.”

As soon as Buzeer heard Wales, his expression changed, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, do you have any proof of this?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t, I still need to investigate this matter. But uncle should know that last winter, the Radiant Church had colluded with the Fighting Bulls to control the entire Cow-headed race. After we destroyed them, the didn’t make any sound anymore, this is not common for them. But now, the Prairie just experienced a food shortage as spring started, isn’t this too much of a coincidence? Because of this, I concluded that this definitely had something to do with the Radiant Church. But since the Herculean Bulls needed to recover for quite some time, I can only ask Uncle to pass this information over to the Warring Clans to make them aware of this possibility.”

One could say that the organization that the Beastmen dreaded the most was the Radiant Church. These guys have always been creating conflict between Humans and Beastmen. They are the most hated people of the Beastmen. So whether this is true or false, the Beastmen would surely look seriously into this matter.

As soon as Buzeer heard Zhao Hai, he immediately nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll go report this matter as soon as possible. You can rest assured that this matter shall be looked into.”

Zhao Hai and Wales nodded. Then Wales added, “Uncle, Little Hai has a lot of food in his hand. Can you see whether there are allies of the Dog-headed Race that need food so that we can sell them some?”

Buzeer’s eyes turned bright, “Good, that is good. Our Dog-headed race is in good terms with the Bear Tribe. They had helped us before, but when they suffered a disaster





a disaster several years ago, we weren’t able to help them. This had always made me guilty. Now that there is a food shortage, I think that the Bear Clan wouldn’t be faring well. If you can sell them grain, then it would be good.”

Wales smiled and said, “This is not an issue, Little Hai has a lot of grain. But Uncle, can you put in a good word for our Herculean Bulls Clan so that the bear Clan can also help us when trouble comes?”

Beastmen relations are solid, since the Dog-headed race also had a good relationship with the Cow-headed race, it didn’t take too long for Buzeer to nod and said, “This shouldn’t be a problem. If the Bear Clan really did lack grain and you manage to sell them some, then they would naturally give you a hand. I’ll have Buffon accompany you to the bear Clan, if you have him with you, they would certainly agree.”

Wales became happy and expressed his gratitude, “Thank you, Uncle. But if this shortage is really due to the Radiant Church, then I’m afraid that war will have to happen. Even if Little Hai has a lot of food in his hands, he cannot supply the entire Prairie. What does Uncle think about this situation?”

Buzeer nodded, then he coldly snorted and said, “Even if Little Hai can supply the entire Prairie, war will still happen if the Radiant Church is indeed behind all of this. We have to use our weapons to remind the Humans that the Beastmen aren’t easy to bully.”

Buzeer took a glance at Zhao Hai while he said this, he feared that it might influence Zhao Hai’s feelings. After all, Zhao Hai had their food in his control, it was what they needed the most at this time. But fortunately, Zhao Hai’s face was calm and it seems like Buzeer’s words didn’t give him any dissatisfaction.

Wales also noted Buzeer’s gaze, he faintly smiled and said, “Is uncle worried about Little Hai? You don’t need to worry about him, Little Hai has a huge enmity with both the Aksu Empire and the Radiant Church. He also wants the Beastmen to deal with the Radiant Church.”

Upon hearing Wales, Buzeer looked puzzled at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai is a Dark Mage, so it’s natural that you would have an enmity with the Radiant Church. But why do you have an enmity with the Aksu Empire?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Uncle might find it funny, but my clan is originally a noble of the Aksu Empire. But when the new Monarch sat on the throne, he demoted our status from Duke to a Count. He also sent people to kill us. If not for some people giving us a hand, we might have all been eliminated. Because of this, I’ve always carried a huge grudge towards the Aksu Empire.”

Buzeer nodded, “Alright. The

nodded, “Alright. The first one to be unlucky when the Beastmen declares war with the humans would be the Aksu Empire. You don’t have to worry about it, I’ll help you take revenge.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and thank Buzeer. Buzeer then turned to Wales and said, “When war comes, I think that your Cow-headed race should be at the Rear Guard. You’ve had recent losses and need to slowly recover. At the same time, you also have Little Hai, so you don’t need to worry about food.”

Wales nodded and said, “I thank Uncle for his reminder. Little Hai also advised me about this and I agree. This is why I’ve been looking for people to form a relationship with. Otherwise, our Cow-headed race wouldn’t have enough status to decide this matter.”

Buzeer nodded, although the Cow-headed Beastmen were very skilled, they aren’t anything in the eyes of the big Warring Clans. Wales arriving at this conclusion meant that he had matured, and was now a true Patriarch of a Tribe.

Although the Beastmen are simple minded, their Patriarchs would need a bit of brain in order to secure their position. Buzeer understood what Wales was trying to do right now, he wanted to grow his Race. There was no harm in this, so Buzeer agreed.

Adding on to the fact that the Dog-headed race and the Cow-headed race had always been friends for generations, they would surely help each other. The more powerful the Cow-headed race gets, the more help the Dog-headed race can get from them. Buzeer was genuinely hoping that the Wales’ race would become strong.

Another point was Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was now a Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bulls, he was also a big merchant. Such a person was greatly accepted in the Prairie. Naturally, people would want to form a connection with such a person. Since this is a good opportunity, Buzeer wouldn’t let this go. As long as Zhao Hai continues to sell them food at the current price, the Dog-headed race would continually get stronger and more prosperous.

Beastmen were straightforward people, but it didn’t mean that they are fools. Conversely, Beastmen Patriarchs aren’t simple characters. However, one couldn’t deny that Beastmen were more honest than Humans. The Cow-headed Race were in a good relationship with the Dog-headed Race, so when the Herculean Bulls were in trouble, the Mastiffs helped them with no hesitation. Such a thing was rare for Humans unless they are eternal allies like the Buda Clan and the Crook Family. Otherwise, nobles wouldn’t do it, they were only interested in benefits. They are completely different from the Beastmen.

Buzeer lending Wales a hand, is just a matter of course, there wasn’t anything strange about it. Buzeer was a friend to Wales’ father, so he would naturally look after Wales. He also regarded Wales as the younger generation, and guiding the young ones was a job of the elders.





* * *


  












Chapter 511 – Prairie Wolf Tribe

Buzeer reminded Wales because he was afraid that Wales would turn hotblooded and would participate in the war. If that happens, the losses to the Herculean Bulls would worsen. By then, the power of the Cow-headed race would decrease which wouldn’t be a good thing for the Dog-headed Race.

Buzeer didn’t expect that Zhao Hai had already reminded Wales. In all honesty, Buzeer was still on guard against Zhao Hai. This was because Zhao Hai’s emergence was too coincidental. He appeared just as the Herculean Bulls suffered a tragedy. Moreover, Wales, who had a good relationship with him, became the Patriarch, turning him into the tribe’s Foreign Prince. One could say that the one who benefited the most from the Herculean Bull’s tragedy was Zhao Hai. This made Buzeer suspect him.

However, the two matters that happened today made Buzeer erase his suspicions. First, he informed them about the possibility that the Radiant Church might have been the one behind the food shortage. Even if they still hadn’t confirmed it, he was still thankful to Zhao Hai.

Secondly, Zhao Hai had actually reminded Wales to not participate greatly in the war. From this point, Buzeer could see that Zhao Hai really cared about the Cow-headed race. Otherwise, he wouldn’t remind Wales.

After thinking about this, Buzeer looked at Wales and said, “Wales, in two days I’ll have Buffon bring Zhao Hai to meet with the Bear Clan. Are you going with them?”

Wales shook his head and said, “I can’t go with them, uncle. There are too many things to take care of back at the camp. I want to go back and deal with them, instead, I’ll have sixth brother accompany Zhao Hai.”

Buzeer, who was familiar with the Herculean Bulls, understood what Wales was talking about, so he nodded and said, “Alright, two Princes going together would be enough to show your sincerity. Right, since you have a lot of things to do, you can head back tomorrow. I’ll have Buffon guide Little Hai and Little Six to the Bear Clan.”

Wales nodded, “Then I’ll have to trouble uncle.”

Buzeer smiled and said, “This is just a small matter, there’s no trouble caused. Right, since you came here today, let’s go have a drink!.” Wales nodded, and then followed Buzeer as they headed out.

The Tribe Patriarchs of the Dog-headed





race didn’t leave. They had set down some blankets and tables outside to drink and chat. There was also some Argali being roasted, this was already quite a luxurious feast for the Beastmen.

When these people saw Buzeer come out, they greeted him with a smile. Buzeer also greeted them and sat beside the table along with Zhao Hai and Wales.

At this time, the Argali has been roasted. Buzeer raised his glass and said, “There has been a great shortage of food for all of the Beastman race, and our Dog-headed race isn’t an exception. Fortunately for us, Little Hai has food and was willing to sell them to us at a low price. This is a huge help for us. Moreover, he is also a Prince of the Cow-headed race. Our Dog-headed Race has been in good relations with the Cow-headed race for many generations. So we shouldn’t treat Little Hai as an outsider, consider him as someone from our own side. Everyone should take care of him.”

These Tribe Patriarchs loudly cheered. Actually, they didn’t really need Buzeer’s words since they had already acknowledged Zhao Hai. Since Zhao Hai has food, even they would want him to be a Foreign Prince of their tribe.

Then it was now time to drink. When among Beastmen, it would be impossible for someone to refrain from drinking. If you don’t drink, then you wouldn’t be considering their face. So whether you like it or not, you would have to drink.

Therefore, it wasn’t a surprise that Zhao Hai was drunk once again. But even if he was drunk, he immediately sobered up inside the Space. After drinking two cups of Spatial Water, he was back to being functional again.

At this time, everyone was sitting in the living room. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled, “We may come in contact with a Beastman Warring Clan in the next few days. I really want to see how formidable these Warring Clans are.”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “Warring Clans of the Beastmen have a very huge reputation in the Continent. I heard the things that you had discussed today. Even if the Bear Clan had some losses in the precious years, their fighting power still remained. They had also recovered somewhat in those years. At the same time, they are the simplest and the most honest





honest Beastmen. It would be very good if we get into good terms with them.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It’s very good to be in a good relationship with the Beastmen. What they didn’t lack here in the Prairie are Magic Beasts. Now that we have our own meat processing factories, all of those Magic Beasts would be very useful for us.”

The group nodded, then Lizzy said, “Elder Brother Hai, from my experience with the Beastmen these past few days, I’ve come to find that getting along with them is much easier than with Humans. I think we should focus our operations in the Prairie.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ve also thought about that, but it can’t be that easy. If we really occupy the Beastman Prairie’s business, a lot of people would go and attack us. This is because we would be getting in the way of these people’s livelihood.”

Lizzy smiled and said, “I know about this point. But if the entire Prairie is huge, we can’t swallow all of the businesses here. We can also use this opportunity to establish relationships with the Beastmen. When the time comes, we can seize the bulk of the trade in the Prairie. As long as we allow others to have a small share of the business, the Nobles would have no reason to collectively attack us. We can just deal with them one by one.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “There’s that, but I think we should wait and see how the Bear Clan sees us. The Bears are a big Warring Clan, it is very important for us to gain their trust.”

Laura and the others nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at the weather and said, “It’s already quite late. My ladies, any of you want to accompany me to bed?”

The faces of the women turned red, they couldn’t bear with Zhao Hai’s shamelessness as they turned around and returned to their rooms. Zhao Hai smiled and then headed towards Lizzy’s room.

The next morning, Zhao Hai went out of the Space quite early. Lizzy woke up much later because Zhao Hai had loved her heavily last night. When Zhao Hai was finished, he then went back to his own room and slept soundly.

After having their breakfast, Wales bid Zhao Hai farewell since he needed to head back to the Herculean Bull’s





Herculean Bull’s main camp. He can only leave Zhao Hai and Mendez behind.

When he received Buzeer’s order, Buffon immediately let of of what he was currently doing. He also had quite a few things to take care of at the Mastiff camp, but he had decided to hand them over to others.

While Zhao Hao stayed in the Mastiff camp for another day, he left behind the food that they required. He also left some daily necessities behind, gaining the gratitude of the Mastiffs.

The things that he had left behind were quite a lot, making these Dog Tribes happy. The Tribe leaders even competed as to which of them gets to trade with Zhao Hai first.

Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t impolite with these people. He just talked with them politely and took note of the locations of their camps.

The next day, Zhao Hai and Buffon’s group left the camp. Their numbers weren’t that many, only about 1000 people; 500 of them were from the Herculean Bull Tribe while the remaining 500 were from the Dog-headed Race.

The path between the Dog-headed Race and the Bear Clan wasn’t very far from the camp of a Wolf-headed race Branch, the Prairie Wolves.

The Prairie Wolves were a relatively large and strong branch of the Wolf-headed Race. Since they were close with the Dog-headed Race and the Bear Clan, the three of them had a good relationship with each other. But the relationship between the Dog-headed Race and the Bear Tribe was much better.

The Dog-headed race didn’t like to mingle with the Prairie Wolves. This was because the Prairie Wolves were one of the top Tribe within the Wolf-headed Race. Therefore, every time the Dog-headed Race and the Prairie Wolves come in contact, the Prairie Wolves would always look at them condescendingly. This made the Dog-headed Beastmen uncomfortable, especially the arrogant Mastiff Tribe.

The strength of the Mastiffs weren’t any less than the Prairie Wolves. It wasn’t even a problem for one Mastiff to face several Prairie Wolves. It was precisely because of this that the Mastiffs cannot bear with the haughty attitude of these Wolves.

The Wolf-headed Race’s domain was a very large one, they were also the Beastmen who hated Humans the most. Because of this, only a rare few humans would be allowed to trade with them. This made the food scarcity in the beginning of the

beginning of the years hit them the hardest. So in addition to their miniscule trades, they also steal food from merchant caravans. At the same time, they were also the most meat-eating race in the entire Prairie.

Because the Wolf-headed race always lacked food in the beginning of every year, they would have no other choice but to eat the Argali that they raise. Even if they eat a ton of Argali every year, this didn’t make the other Beastmen envy them, it was because this very act made them the poorest race in the entire Prairie.

However, one had to recognize that the Wolves were the most tenacious Race among the Beastmen. The weapons that they use were mostly made of animal bones. The clothes that they wear were all animal skins. They were able to stomach even the most nasty grain and meat.

Moreover, they were also the most annoying Warring Clan to fight against, it was because their battle prowess was just too strong. When a Wolf King issues an order, as long as he didn’t die and hadn’t ordered retreat, their entire force would continue to attack non-stop without retreating even one step.

All of the Beastmen gave the Wolf-headed race face, especially their Royal Tribe, which were the Snow Wolf Tribe. The tribe lived near the North Polar Icefield, one of the few Beastmen who lived there. Their fighting strength can only be described as terrifying. They almost didn’t eat grain, only meat. At the same time, given their harsh environment, almost every member of the tribe were capable of fighting.

The only Beastmen capable of contending with the Snow Wolves, were the Polar Bears and the White Tigers, which were also residing near the North Polar Icefields. The three of them were the most famous and strongest tribes among the Beastmen.

Like the Wolf-headed Race, the Bear-headed Race and the Tiger-headed Race were Warring Clans. Although each of them were grouped up into their own races, the territory that they held wasn’t in a single area, instead, they had a lot of domains in other areas. The domain of the Cow-headed Race simply cannot be compared with them.

For example, the domain of the Prairie Wolves aren’t any smaller than the Cow-headed race. But the Cow-headed Race is an entire race, while the Prairie Wolves were just one branch.





* * *


  












Chapter 512 – Wolf King

Traversing through the Prairie Wolf domain would take five days, if one evades every camp it would take eight.

Buffon didn’t want to come in contact with the Prairie Wolves, so he had already planned eight days worth of travel through the Prairie Wolf domain. In any case, travelling a few days more didn’t matter, this matter wasn’t very urgent.

With Buffon, their travel went by smoothly. In a blink of an eye, four days had passed. They were now in the heart of the Prairie Wolf domain, so they needed to be extra careful.

A couple of days ago, Buffon can still stay inside Alien and drink alongside Mendez. But this time he can’t, he was outside and was paying attention. These Wolves were arrogant, but if they dared offend Buffon’s group, then they won’t be polite.

Zhao Hai was sitting in Alien’s separate room and was working with Laura to deal with some of the Markey Family and the Golden Island’s affairs.

There were now a lot of Merchants on Golden Island. Although the Rosen Empire had cut off all the trade routes towards the Aksu Empire, the Lyon Empire, Buddha Empire and the Ocean Waves Dynasty still needed a place to trade in. Adding on to the fact that Golden Island was the place where pirates sell their loot, making the prices cheaper, the Merchants cannot help but try their hand at business there.

Even if Kun was there to manage the island, he had stated that he cannot manage it forever. Therefore, there were a lot of matters that were passed over to Laura and Zhao Hai to manage.

At this time, Mendez was also right beside Buffon outside. He hadn’t been to the Prairie Wolf territory before, in fact, he rarely left the Cow-headed Race’s domain.

The Wolf-headed race didn’t have a lot of friends among the Beastmen. Few people wanted to befriend them because of their ruthless nature. A lot of people didn’t dare to speak badly of the Wolves to their faces, but they do so in secret.

Regarding the Wolves, Zhao Hai didn’t have much of a dislike towards them. The Wolves’ methods were





just somewhat more extreme, if one compared them to those truly wicked humans, they would look cute.

While they were traversing, a sudden howl was heard. Buffon’s face changed as he issued a command, “Stop! The Wolves has come. Everyone be careful.” When Zhao Hai heard this, he walked out of Alien and stood on its head. He then gazed towards the direction where the wolf howl came.

Buffon knew the Wolves, if they didn’t stop, then they would be attacked. The howl was just a warning to make them halt their advance. If they chose to ignore it, then they would get into trouble.

Quite some time after the group came to a stop, they could see a group of cavalry in the distance. The mounts of these cavalry were giant wolves with three meters in height. Those mounted on top of them were people with Wolf heads and were about 2.5 meters in height.

This was Zhao Hai’s first time meeting someone from the Wolf-headed race. They had big wolf heads and had much fiercer appearances than even the fiercest Dog-headed Beastman. Their eyes seemed to be half-open and half-closed. But their eyelids would occasionally move, making people feel a chill.

These cavalry were all dressed in animal skins. Although they were tall, all of them were very skinny. They were so skinny that it looked like they didn’t have a bit of fat. The muscles under their skins looked like iron bars, one could see how strong they were. Meeting them can make people unconsciously step back, they seemed to always be on the verge of attacking. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but raise his vigilance towards them. They feel like the Undead; aggressive, organized, and made people not dare to look down on them.

The Wolves stopped five meters away from Zhao Hai’s group. Then one of them went forward and looked at Buffon, “Buffon, why did you come to our territory? You also have some Herculean Bulls with you? And even Humans?”

Buffon looked at the Wolf-headed Beastman and faintly smiled, “I turns out to be Seventh Highness. How are you? Is it your patrolling shift today?”

The Wolf Beastman seems to





to not buy Buffon’s politeness, his eyes opened slightly and said, “Buffon, you still haven’t answered me. Why are you here?”

Buffon smiled faintly and said, “Seventh Highness, we are just passing by. We have something to do with the Bears.”

Then the Wolf beastman looked at the Herculean Bulls and Zhao Hai and then said, “Going to the Bears along with the Herculean Bulls and Humans? What are you going to do?”

Even if the Wolf acted impolitely, Buffon seem to be used to it as he smiled and said, “It’s not that serious, we just heard that the Bears were having a food shortage. This is Zhao Hai, the Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bulls. He’s a big grain merchant, he has food in his hands. I just want to bring him to the bears and see if they want to buy some food.”

As soon as the Wolf Beastman heard Buffon, his eyes fully opened, then he stared at Zhao Hai and asked, “You have food?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I do”

Through the conversation between the Wolf Beastman and Buffon, Zhao Hai had understood the Wolves. They weren’t really dissatisfied with people, they were just used to speaking impolitely. They don’t know how to communicate with people, and they didn’t like to be polite either, they wanted to be more practical. Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t waste any words when he answered.

The Wolf Beastman sized Zhao Hai up and said, “Where are your goods?”

Zhao Hai patted his chest and said, “In my Space Bag.”

The Wolf Beastman’s eyes lit up and said, “Our tribe wants your food. Just make sure it’s price isn’t too high.”


Seeing them nod, Zhao Hai turned to the Wolf Beastman and said, “Alright, then please lead the way.” The Wolf Beastman nodded then turned around and headed towards the depths of the territory.

Zhao





the territory.

Zhao Hai didn’t enter inside Alien and just sat on its head. He turned to Buffon and said, “Brother Buffon, who was that person?”

Buffon smiled and said, “He’s called Hans. The Seventh Prince of the Prairie Wolves. His fighting strength is formidable, even if he’s still young, he’s already reached 7th rank. He’s the strongest expert in his generation.”

Zhao Hai said, “He seems like a very cold person.”

Buffon smiled and said, “He seems like it, but Hans is actually a good person. As long as you don’t offend the Prairie Wolf Trobe, he will not be unkind to you.”

Zhao Hai nodded. It seems like this Hans was just like what he thought. He really wasn’t a cold person, he just didn’t know how to get along with others.

These Prairie Wolves weren’t afraid that Zhao Hai would run away or be unable to follow them. They just stayed in front and had Zhao Hai and the others follow them peacefully.

After walking for three hours, the group could finally see a shadow of a camp. This camp was very big, it looked like a lot of tents interconnected to look like a single huge structure.

Hans didn’t stop and went directly into the camp. From what Zhao Hai can see, this camp was just like the camps of the Herculean Bulls and the Mastiffs. But instead of their respective races, the place was filled with Wolf-headed Beastmen.

Although the Dog-headed race and the Wolf-headed race looked quite similar, there were still differences between them. Only a few people can confuse wolves and dogs.

Even if the Prairie Wolves hadn’t revealed any hostility to Zhao Hai, their gazes towards him seem to be cold. Compared to the Dog-headed Beastmen, the wolves held a more aggressive aura in their bodies. This aura didn’t come from their expression, but it seems like it was ingrained in their bones.

These Wolves were also very curious about Zhao Hai’s group. To them, the group was strange, there was a Dog beastman, Cow beastman and a Human all in one.

The Herculean Bulls, Mastiffs, and Prairie Wolves were familiar with each other. Therefore, the Wolves knew that among this group, a royal

group, a royal from both races was present. So they knew that they cannot easily offend this group.

The Human, on the other hand, was a rare sight. This was because Humans rarely traded with their tribe. And in most cases where it didn’t go well, the Wolves would just kill them.

Zhao Hai and the others stopped after arriving outside a golden tent. Hans entered the tent and before long came out again. He looked at Zhao Hai’s group and said, “Father invites you in.” Then the three people nodded and entered the tent with Hans.

Compared to the golden tents of the Herculean Bulls and the Mastiffs, the golden tent of the Prairie Wolves was quite simple. The ground was covered with beastskin, and it had a fire pit in the middle. There weren’t any tables nor any decorations in the tent, the only other thing inside was an old wolf that was sitting on a chair.

After Hans entered the tent, he stood beside the old Wolf Beastman. The Old Wolf’s build was quite similar to Hans. Although he looked thin, one could see his hardened interior. Even if he had wrinkles in his face, they grew in a way that he seemed to be much more imposing.

The three immediately gave a salute to the Old Wolf at the same time, ““This one has seen the Wolf King.””

The Old Wolf nodded, then he scanned the three, he stopped his gaze at Buffon and said, “You are Buffon? How is your father?”

Buffon quickly replied, “Father is fortunately well.”

The Old Wolf nodded, then he turned to Mendez and said, “You’re a Herculean Bull? I heard that you Herculean Bulls had suffered a disaster last year.”

Mendez gave a bow and said, “Herculean Bull Prince Mendez has seen the Wolf King. Our tribe did indeed suffer a disaster in the winter of last year. The Fighting Bulls and the Radiant Church colluded to overthrow our tribe. Fortunately we managed to eliminate them.”

As soon as he Old Wolf heard Mendez, his eyes lit up and said, “You eliminated the tribe? Good. Who is the Herculean Bull Patriarch right now?”

Mendez quickly answered, “It’s my brother, Wales.”





* * *


  












Chapter 513 – Dog-headed Race’s Friendship Flag

The Old Wolf nodded and said, “Your brother is quite the character. I also know about the Fighting Bulls, their strength isn’t weak. Adding the support of the Radiant Church, it was a surprise that you managed to eliminate them in a short time. That’s a great feat.”

Mendez smiled faintly and said, “We’re lucky to have the Mastiff tribe and our Foreign Prince’s help. Because of that, we managed to deal with the Fighting Bulls quite quickly.”

The Old Wolf looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You are Zhao Hai? The Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bulls?”

Zhao Hai felt some pressure from the Old Wolf, but he wasn’t bothered by it. He faced 9th rank experts before, so how could he care about the old Wolf. He just smiled and said, “I am indeed Zhao Hai.”

The Old Wolf King stared at Zhao Hai. When Buffon and Mendez met his gaze, they would express slight hints of fear, but this Zhao Hai was completely calm. This made the Old Wolf King interested in this Human.

After looking at Zhao Hai for quite some time, the Old WOlf King said, “Good, good. A Human becoming a Beastman tribe’s Foreign Prince, you’re methods are quite good.”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “The Wolf King overpraised me, I had no good methods. I’m nothing more than Brother Wales’ brother. I just gave the Herculean Bull tribe a helping hand when they got into trouble. They liked what I did so they decided to make me their Foreign Prince.”

The Old King looked at Zhao Hai and then smiled, “Young man, no need to downplay yourself. It’s impossible for a Beastman tribe to give the position of Foreign Prince casually. You surely gave them a huge helping hand. Hehehe. Right, I heard that you have a lot of food?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I do. But the food in my hands is somewhat special. It is not the ordinary Bamboo Rice, but the never before seen Bread Fruit.”

The Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai and then said, “Take one out, let me see.” Then Zhao Hai nodded, he turned his hand as a Bread Fruit appeared before handing it over to the Old Wolf King.

The Old King tasted the fruit, then gave it to Hans. He turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Price?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “A fourth of the price of Bamboo Rice.”

The Old King stared, then his eyes looked straight into Zhao Hai, “You’re not joking? A fourth of the price of Bamboo Rice?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I wouldn’t dare joke with the Wolf King. Moreover, I don’t joke when it comes to business. The Wolf King doesn’t need to doubt me.”

The Old Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “If what you said is true, we want every Bread Fruit that you have.”

Zhao Hai looked at the Old King and smiled bitterly, “I’m afraid the Wolf King’s tribe cannot consume them all. Tell me how





much you need and then I’ll give them to you.”

When he heard Zhao Hai, the Old King’s expression couldn’t help but change. He thinks that Zhao Hai was looking down on him, his anger couldn’t help but seep out as he said, “100 million jin.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No problem. I have the Bread Fruit in my Space Bag, I can give them to you later. The Wolf King can rest assured, you can have them as long as there is a suitable place to store them.”

The Old King looked at Zhao Hai, he knew that even if those Bread Fruits aren’t very big and heavy, when its pulp turns into bread, the 100 million jins would turn into hundreds of millions of jins worth of food. Can Zhao Hai really have it ready at any time?

The Old King said, “You’re serious?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “I won’t dare crack a joke. I truly have it in me. I’ll let the Wolf King know that my territory produces these Bread Fruits. Moreover, the output of each tree is very high. For me, 100 million jin isn’t a lot. If the Wolf King wants more, I can provide you with 1 billion jin, I’ll give you 400 million jin first and then deliver the other 600 million jin five days later. You should know that the Space Bag has a limit. Although I have a lot of them with me, I cannot have that many in hand.”

The Old King looked at Zhao Hai and then laughed, “Good! Alright, let’s go with what you said, we’ll buy 1 billion jin of the fruit, according to the price that you stated. But I don’t have much Argali in my hands, I can trade with you using gold and silver, do you agree?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That is not an issue. But I have some special requests. I want to collect unique Magic Beasts, if the Wolf King gives me some Magic Beasts, then I can give you a good discount.”

The Old King stared, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What kind of unique Magic Beasts?’

Looking at the Old King’s face, Zhao Hai knew what he was thinking. In the past, there would be some Humans who would take back Beastman Magic Beasts in order to research the Beastman’s cultivation. Although they didn’t succeed, the Beastmen still became stricter with regards to this matter.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Some unique Magic Beasts and plants of the Prairie, some unique plants of the Wolf Tribe would be good as well.”

The Old Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I still need to prepare these things. For now, I can pay you with some money, carpets, blankets, and some Argali in advance. What do you think?

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’m not in a hurry. I’ll first leave 300 million jin here since I still need to see if the Bear Tribe needs some food for themselves.”

The Old King laughed and said, “That






Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The Wolf king can rest assured, I will certainly return in five days.”

The Old Wolf King nodded, then he turned to Hans and said, “Hans, we’ll go have a drink with Zhao Hai and Buffon’s group today. Prepare everything.”

Hans nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai’s group before leaving the tent. Zhao Hao and the other naturally gave their gratitude towards the Wolf King.

After a day with the Prairie Wolves, Zhao Hai’s group proceeded to head towards the Bear Tribe’s domain. But this time, they had more guards at their side, they were Prairie Wolf Cavalry.

Zhao Hai didn’t mind them. At this time, Zhao Hai’s focus was on the Space as he counted the Bread Fruits in his storage. In truth, the number of Bread Fruits that Zhao Hai had was really huge. There are billions of tons of them, take note, tons not jin.

If he wasn’t afraid of frightening the Beastmen, he would’ve given everything to the Old Wolf King in one go.

Because they didn’t need to take detour, they arrived at the Bear domain two days later. Upon arriving at the border, the Prairie Wolves turned back. Although one can say that the relationship between the Bears and the Prairie Wolves was quite good, it still wasn’t a good idea to intrude upon their territory since it may cause a misunderstanding.

After saying their farewells to Hans, Zhao Hai and the others officially entered the Bear Tribe’s domain. This Bear Tribe wasn’t the Bear-headed Race’s Royal Clan, but was instead a branch, they were the Black Bear Tribe.

The Black Bear Tribe was also a Warring Clan of the Bear-headed Race, their strength was just next to the Royal Tribe, the Polar Bear Tribe. Like the Snow Wolf Tribe, the Polar Bear Tribe also resided in the North Icefields. Their strength being the strongest.

Even if the Black Bear Clan wasn’t the Royal Tribe of the Bear-headed race, their strength was still very formidable. Because of this, the prestige of their tribe was very high. There weren’t any members of the Beastman Race that would dare to disrespect them. The words of the Black Bear Tribe carry plenty of weight in the Bear-headed Race.

The Black Bear Tribe wasn’t a very hot tempered race. The Human’s view of them being very violent was completely wrong. In fact, the Black Bears were usually very warm, and with their clear eyes, one could tell that they were very simple and honest. This also contributed to the Black Bears’ good reputation in the Prairie.

It was the Humans deceiving the Black Bears that made the Beastmen very discontented with the Humans. And adding on to the fact that the Humans had always sold them food at a high price, this made the





made the Beastmen receive Humans very badly. This sentiment may have possibly been received by the humans, thus explaining the food shortage this time.

But Zhao Hai didn’t know about this, he just felt that the food shortage was the work of someone in the shadows. Whether they were the Radiant Church or not was still left for investigation.

When they entered the Black Bear Tribe’s domain, Buffon immediately relaxed. Then he and Mendez entered Alien to share some drinks along the way.

Zhao Hai naturally wouldn’t reject them, so he took out some liquor as well as some snacks that he got from the Rosen Empire. He can now have these snacks whenever he wants since there were now stores specialized in selling these items on Golden Island, he also heard that their business was good. Since Kun, Blockhead and Rockhead were aware of his matters because of the Space, they immediately had some snacks sent over to Zhao Hai’s office. Zhao Hai can then use the Space to get those snacks and had them served to Buffon and Mendez.

After having everything prepared, the group poured themselves a cup of liquor. Zhao Hai then turned to Buffon and said, “Brother Buffon, tell me about the Black Bear Tribe. They aren’t as cold as the Prairie Wolves right?” In Zhao Hai’s eyes, the Wolf-headed races can be said to be cold. They had their eyes partially closed, as if afraid that they might kill a person when they opened them fully. With their indifferent looks and the external appearance, if there were people to be described as cold inside the Prairie, then it would be the Prairie Wolves.

Buffon smiled and said, “Rest assured, the Black Bear Tribe is very hospitable. They’re quite simple and honest. When you go visit them, they would surely give you the best reception that they can offer. I’m actually afraid that even if they are starving and were barely eating, they would still butcher a beast to welcome us. Naturally, all of these were in the premise that you are their friend. If you are an enemy, then their spiked maces would surely greet your face. Their spiked maces are one of the most feared weapons among the Beastman Race.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I really didn’t think that getting along with the Bear tribe would be so easy. Right, sixth brother, why didn’t you tell the Old Wolf King about our suspicions regarding the Radiant Church’s hand in the food shortage? Are you afraid that they won’t help?”

Mendez smiled and said, “The Wolf-headed race are even vigilant towards other Beastmen, so we can’t just tell it to them directly. We should take this matter slowly.” Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything more. From what he understood of the Prairie Wolves, they would certainly think lowly towards Mendez and the other Beastmen.

Buffon also smiled and said, “That doesn’t really matter, as long as we help the Black Bears, then everything would be fine. The Prairie Wolves are just too vigilant towards

too vigilant towards other people, it would need a long time before they see you as a friend. Look, even if you provided them with 1 billion jin of food, they still didn’t give you their friendship flag.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then Brother Buffon, why didn’t your Mastiff race give me your friendship flag? I gave you fairly the same conditions.”

Buffon gave a bitter smile towards Zhao Hai, “You don’t need to waste words. Do you really think that we don’t want to give a friendship flag to you? Father actually wanted to give you our flag, but he was afraid of opposition. But as long as you stay and trade with us for a few more times, Father would take responsibility and hand you our Dog-headed Race’s friendship flag.”

Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he asked Buffon for clarity, “Brother Buffon, did you just say the Dog-headed Race’s friendship flag? Not the Mastiff Tribe friendship flag?” After being with the Beastmen for this long, he knew that there were differences between friendship flags. The Dog-headed Race’s friendship flag was very different from the Mastiff Tribe’s friendship flag.

The Mastiff Tribe’s friendship flag refers to the Dog-headed Race’s royal clan’s friendship flag. This flag only represents the Mastiff Tribe, but the Dog-headed race’s friendship flag represented the entire Dog-headed Race. For this flag to be given to a person, it would need the approval of 60% of the Dog-headed Race’s branches. With the process of how this flag is given, one could see how important it was.

The Friendship flags of the Big Bellied Pig Tribe and the Giant Horned Bull Tribe that Zhao Hai acquired in the past only represented his good relations with those two tribes. The weight of those flags cannot be compared to the Dog-headed race’s friendship flag. If Zhao Hai gets ahold of that friendship flag, it would mean that he would be a friend of the entire Dog-headed Race. People who disrespect Zhao Hai would be similarly disrespecting the entire Dog-headed Race. This matter might even lead to a war in the Prairie.

Because he knows about the implications, Zhao Hai asked Buffon to clarify. Buffon understood why Zhao Hai asked his question, he smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Of course its the Dog-headed Race’s friendship flag. Why do you think the leaders of the tribes were present with father when you arrived at our camp? When you entered our domain, father immediately sent word to summon the tribe leaders. Father wanted them to see your performance. Fortunately, you did great. I heard from father that it wouldn’t take a long time before our Dog-headed Race’s flag ends up in your hands.”

Zhao Hai was so happy he almost cheered. Seeing Zhao Hai’s expression, Mendez smiled and said, “Little Hai, you’re really luck kid. Do you know why the relationship between the Cow-headed Race and the Dog-headed race is very good? It’s because we mutually guard each other’s friendship flag. With our flags, you can almost walk sideways in the Prairie.”





* * *


  












Chapter 514 – Black Bear Beastman

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “That’s great. Let’s see who dares to annoy me now.” If he was in the Human domain, Zhao Hai would be saying, “I really don’t care if I can walk sideways, as long as my business is in line.” However, he cannot say it in the Prairie since it would be equal to looking down on the Dog-headed race. When that time comes, he would be lucky to only have his friendship flag revoked.

Buffon laughed and said, “Don’t be overconfident. Our Dog-headed Race isn’t considered to be a Warring Race, it’s still good to behave yourself. If you meet those Warring Clans, they might even be impolite to you. But don’t worry, if you sell them food, they might even give you a friendship flag.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Forget it, they might not necessarily befriend me. Come, let’s drink. Let’s take care about the Bear Tribe’s food problem first. I heard that they suffered a serious food shortage a few years ago. Since the Bear Tribe is a friend of the Dog-headed Race, we must help them.”

Buffon smiled and said, “We really should. The Black Bears are really good friends. If you befriend them, they would surely give you a hand later on. Even if they suffer a loss, they won’t hold back in helping.”

Zhao Hai nodded. From Buffon’s introduction, he had a certain understanding towards the Black Bears. They seem to be really good people. If Buffon was saying truth, then they’re worth paying a visit.

The three continued to drink inside. At the same time, the people outside doesn’t have anything to say about it. After all, Zhao Hai had also provided them with liquor and snacks to partake during breaks.

They travelled from day to night. They had also met a small Black Bear Tribe along the way, one of the various tribes in the Black Bear Territory. This tribe had about more than 300 people, a much smaller number compared to Zhao Hai’s group.

These Bear Beastmen were a very enthusiastic bunch. When they saw the Mastiffs, they immediately invited Buffon into their tent while having people slaughter some sheep to welcome the group.

Zhao Hai and the





others didn’t prevent them from doing so. If they did, it would be like looking down on them. They just have to gift the tribe with some food when they left. These Bears might have food troubles, but Zhao Hai didn’t.

At night, Zhao Hai didn’t need to construct his own tent. He can just rest inside Alien since it was comfortable and warm there. Because of this, he can closely monitor the Bear Beastmen more carefully.

Although these Bears had large heads, they weren’t fat like those Pig-headed Beastmen. On the contrary, they looked pretty buff. They can even be compared to the Herculean Bulls.

However, Zhao Hai can see that they hadn’t been doing as well as the Mastiffs and the Herculean Bulls. They were only a small tribe of 300 so they didn’t have a lot of Argali raised. This time, to welcome Zhao Hai’s group, they slaughtered a bunch of them. Zhao Hai can see that they had almost run out of food.

To be honest, Zhao Hai’s heart was aching. These Beastmen were very likeable, but seeing how much Argali that they have right now and the fact that they can’t trade with Humans made Zhao Hai feel that the world has been very unfair to the Beastman race.

In fact, if one thought carefully, they can see that most of the wars between Beastmen and Humans were likely caused by the Human side. Take this time as an example, if the Humans did indeed withheld some grain, then what other choice do the Beastmen have other than to steal? Will they just die in starvation? Even Humans wouldn’t able to hold on, much more the ill tempered Beastmen.

Zhao Hai spent the night in the small Bear Tribe’s camp. When they prepared to leave in the morning, Zhao Hai left behind 5,000 jin of Bread Fruit for the Bears to consume. The Bears were naturally glad, they even want to pay Zhao Hai with their Argali, of which Zhao Hai strongly declined.

Things like these small transactions weren’t worthy of Zhao Hai’s concern. Tens of thousands of jins are too few for Zhao Hai. If he can make friends by giving those away, then that would be a good outcome.

After having





having their breakfast, Zhao Hai’s group left. Since they were already inside the Black Bear domain, they only needed another four day’s worth of travel to reach the main camp. The Black Bear Tribe was also quite a large one, so their domain would also be equally huge. But their main camp would be completely fixed, especially during the winter.

After four days of travelling and staying inside small Bear tribe camps, Zhao Hai can finally see the distant view of the Black Bear Tribe’s main camp.

At this time, a team of Black Bear Cavalry dashed out from the main camp. These people rode on top of four meter high black bears. Also, these Black Bears themselves were more than three meters high. One could feel pressure just by looking at these Black Bears riding their mounts.

Before long, the team arrived near Zhao Hai’s team. When their leader saw Buffon, he smiled and said, “So it’s Brother Buffon who arrived. Come with us to the camp quickly. Right, there are also some Herculean Bull brothers, welcome. There’s a human as well?”

When he heard the Bear Beastman, Zhao Hai understood that he was a frank person, expressing both closeness and distance in his words. When he saw Buffon, he immediately invited him to the camp, when he saw Mendez, he said his greetings. And when he saw Zhao Hai he expressed a bit of hostility.

Buffon jumped down from his mount and hugged the Bear Beastman and said, “Lieben, it’s supposed to be your patrol shift this time, why are you still in the camp? Have you been lazy again?”

Lieben cracked a smile and said, “You don’t know, but the tribe doesn’t have a lot of grain right now, we can only ration them out. There’s nobody who can eat fully right now, so we don’t have the energy to patrol around.”

Buffon didn’t expect that the Black Bear Tribe would reach this degree of shortage. It was still the beginning of spring, but the Black Bear Tribe was already rationing, it seems like their grain stores have really gone dry.

Buffon patted Lieben’s shoulder and said, “You don’t need to worry about that anymore. See this man? This is the Herculean Bull’s Foreign Prince, a





Prince, a big grain Merchant. He has a lot of food in his hand. After he traded with us, I brought him over here as well.”

Lieben looked at Zhao Hai and grinned, “Can a Human really become the Herculean Bull’s Foreign Prince? Good. Does he really have food in his hand?”

Buffon smiled and said, “Of course he has. I won’t dare deceive you. Escort us to the camp quickly.”

Lieben complied and led the group towards the main camp. They immediately headed towards the golden tent.

When they reached outside the golden tent, Lieben went inside to report while Zhao Hai and the others stood outside. Before long, Lieben went out and looked at the trio and said, “Buffon, the Patriarch asks you in.” Since Lieben didn’t ask Zhao Hai and Mendez, the two naturally wouldn’t follow. Buffon nodded to the two of them and then went inside the tent.

After quite some time, Lieben went out again and told Zhao Hai and Mendez, “The Patriarch invites you two in.” Then Zhao Hai and Mendez expressed their gratitude before entering the tent.

When Zhao Hai entered the tent, he noticed that there were a lot of people inside. Nearly 20 Black Bears were present, Buffon sat at a place in the left side of the tent.

In the place farthest from the entrance, a Black Bear was sitting. This Bear looked like he was in the prime of his life. His Bear eyes looked at the newcomers closely.

The two of them knew instantly that this person was the Black Bear Tribe’s Patriarch. After the two gave their respects, the Black Bear Beastman looked at Mendez and said, “You’re the Herculean Bull Prince Mendez?”

Mendez quickly replied, “Mendez has seen the Patriarch.”

The Black Bear nodded and said, “I know about what happened between you and Fighting Bulls. Good job in eliminating the Radiant Church.”

Mendez expressed his gratitude. Then the Black Bear turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “You are the Herculean Bull Foreign Prince Zhao Hai?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Zhao Hai has seen the Patriarch.”

The Black Bear Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai, “Since you’ve become the Foreign Prince of the Herculean bulls, this meant that you had helped them a lot. It seems like you’re not

like you’re not a bad person. Buffon said that you have a lot of food?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I do have some food. It’s this one.” Then he put out a Bread Fruit and passed it along the Black Bears, having them taste it.

After Patriarch tasted the fruit, he nodded and said, “This is very good. But unlike Humans, we Black Bears eat a lot. How much do you have?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I have a lot. This fruit is something that’s only grown in my territory. On the continent, only I have this thing. It’s still my second year trading in the Prairie, and I initially didn’t plan to sell a lot. But when I saw that there is a food shortage here, I decided to sell it to my friends, the Herculean Bulls and the Mastiffs. And since the Black Bear Tribe is friends with the Mastiffs, I came. After all, a friend of a friend is also a friend.”

The Black Bear nodded, then he said, “Alright, since you have a lot, our Black Bear Tribe wants all of it.”

Zhao Hai didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, these Beastman Patriarch really are too self-confident. They really think that they can buy everything that he has?

Zhao Hai quickly responded and said, “Sir Patriarch, you should tell me a specific amount. I really have a lot of food. Also, I’m afraid that you won’t want to have all of them. Even if the Bread Fruit can be stored for a long time, they can’t last forever. Especially when they burst, they can’t last for too long.”

Naturally, the Bread Fruit cannot burst by themselves. This was just Zhao Hai’s pretext. If he directly told the Black Bear Patriarch that they cannot afford all of his food, then the Black Bears would think that he was looking down on them. By that time, it would be impossible for him to be their friend.

Zhao Hai had already known that since the Black Bears had been deceived by a Human, they’re quite hostile towards them. This made Zhao Hai tread lightly with his words. He was even more careful this time than the time when he spoke to the Wolf King





* * *


  












Chapter 515 – Intelligent Black Bear Tribe

The Black Bear Patriarch stared at Zhao Hai for quite some time, then seeming to remember something, he said, “Oh, right, yes, what’s the price of your Bread Fruit?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “A fourth the price of Bamboo Rice.” The one fourth price naturally referred to the price that other merchants sold Bamboo Rice. The Bamboo Rice that Zhao Hai sold was half of their price. Therefore, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to sell his bread fruit according to his pricing of Bamboo rice, it was just too low.

Even then, this price still shocked the Black Bear Patriarch, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You didn’t speak incorrectly? Is it really a fourth the price of Bamboo Rice?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “It is. I’ve carried a transaction with the Prairie Wolf tribe earlier, I sold it to them at this price.” After mentioning the Prairie Wolves, Zhao Hai suddenly remembered that it was already six days since he left the Wolf camp. He should’ve given them the 700 million jin a day ago.

The Black Bear Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai for a long time then said, “I have to ask mister to take a rest first. We need to discuss this.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he went outside with Lieben. However, Mendez stayed inside the tent.

There was already a tent prepared for Zhao Hai outside. Zhao Hai didn’t become polite as he led Laura and the others inside the tent. Then he opened the monitor to see what the people inside the tent were talking about.

The Black Bear didn’t become polite and directly asked Mendez about Zhao Hai. They wanted to ask how he became a Herculean Bull Prince.

Mendez didn’t hide anything, he told everything to the Black Bears. He told them how they met Zhao Hai as well as the help that he did in defeating the Fighting Bulls.

The Black Bears were simple, but that didn’t mean that they were stupid. Upon hearing Mendez’ account, they knew that the reason how the Herculean Bulls were able to defeat the Fighting Bulls in a short time was Zhao Hai. No wonder Zhao Hai became a Foreign Prince.

When Mendez finished speaking, the Black Bear Patriarch nodded and said, “So that’s how it is. It seems





like this Zhao Hai is really our Beastman Race’s friend. Since a friend came, how can we not serve him some nice wine. Lieben, prepare it immediately, we must invite mister Zhao Hai to drink with us today.” Lieben complied, then turned around to prepare.

Then the Black Bear Patriarch turned back to Mendez and said, “I also heard from Buffon that you have other reasons why you came here other than grain? Tell us.”

Mendez immediately replied, asking the Black Bear Tribe about how the Herculean Bulls needed backup. Buffon also helped, making the Black Bear Patriarch agree. After all, Zhao Hai was also now the Black Bear Tribe’s food supplier, this made the Black Bear Patriarch very grateful.

After saying this matter, Mendez moved on to their suspicion that the Radiant Church might have been behind the food shortage this time.

When the Black Bear Patriarch heard this, he immediately expressed his anger. Then he had someone to investigate this matter as well as pass this information over to the other big Warring Clans.

At this time, everything that they came for with the Black Bear Clan had already been taken care of. The only thing remaining was to have the food handed over.

The Black Bear Patriarch was now thinking about how much food he needs to trade with Zhao Hai. He really didn’t think about the matter about protecting the Herculean Bulls. To him, it was just nothing more than a statement. After all, the Mastiffs and the Herculean Bulls were already friends. Just as what Zhao Hai said, friends of friends were also friends. It was already implied that the Black Bears would help.

What their tribe lacks the most at this time was food. As long as their food problem is solved, everything would be easier to do. If the food remains unsolved, then they would suffer more losses.

However, since the time they were deceived by that Human Merchant, their Black Bear tribe has yet to recover to their former strength. If they want to trade with Zhao Hai, they cannot take a lot of things. So the Black Bear Patriarch was now wondering how much food they need to trade with Zhao Hai.

Buffon and Mendez have already invited to rest inside a prepared tent. Therefore, the only people left inside the tent were the





the Patriarch as well as the elders of the Black Bear tribe.

When an elder saw the frowning appearance of the Patriarch, he asked, “Patriarch, what are you worried about? Zhao Hai is here, wouldn’t he be able to solve our food problem?”

The Black Bear Patriarch sighed deeply and said, “We can indeed solve our food problem. I just don’t know how much we need to buy.”

The elder thought for a moment before he said, “Patriarch, I think we should just buy a little amount. If this matter is really caused by the Radiant Church, then war would surely come. As long as we participate, we can pillage some food from the Humans. So we really don’t need to buy too much food.”

When the Patriarch heard the elder, his eyes couldn’t help but light up, “Goodness, I didn’t think about that. We should buy a little bit, maybe several million jins at first. Then we’ll gauge from the situation whether we need more.”

The elders present all nodded. Zhao Hai, who was sitting inside his tent, couldn’t’ help but smile bitterly and turn his head to Laura, “Who said that Beastmen are simple minded? I’ll go beat him. From what I can see, these Beastmen aren’t simple, on the contrary, they’re very smart.”

Laura and the others smiled, then Megan said, “I didn’t expect these Beastmen to be so insightful as well. It seems like we cannot just underestimate them. Brother Hai, it looks like you won’t be making good profits this time.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “They didn’t buy much because they had insider information. Right, we should leave some supply for Beast God City. That’s a center of authority for the Beastmen.”

Laura nodded, “When the Markey Family ended in my hands, I discovered that we had some businesses in Beast God City. But it seems like we had withdrawn them quite recently. But the shop is still there, we can take it over if we go. I’ve already sent some letters to Ah Tai, he should be cleaning that place up. Moreover, I’ve also given him some Bamboo Rice to sell there.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good. But he should have nothing left at this point. There’s a food shortage in the Prairie.”

Laura smiled, “Beast God City isn’t like other places. That place is the core area of





area of the Beastman Prairie. If there’s a grain shortage, then their storehouses should be able to sustain them for some time. So you shouldn’t worry too much. Also, besides grain, I have also given Ah Tai some vegetables and fruit oil. I also told him to sell the grains last, taking care of the vegetables and oil first. If he sold everything, he would wait until we arrive.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Alright, that arrangement is fine. After we talk with the Bears tomorrow, I’ll go back to the Wolf tribe and send them the remaining food. At the same time, I’ll go and tell them about the Radiant Church’s involvement in the grain shortage. Right, why do you think the Wolves wanted to trade us with money?”

Laura replied, “This isn’t strange. Huge Warring clans would sometimes use gold and silver for trade. Huge transactions are inconvenient if one doesn’t use gold. Also, the Wolf tribe has always been short on beasts. Don’t forget, the Wolf Tribes performs the most thievery towards Human Merchants among the Beastmen. Because of that, they have a lot of gold silver, which explains why they wanted to use those for their transactions.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That is indeed the case. If one were to trade with Magic Beasts, it may become troublesome to do so in high numbers. Fortunately, we have good uses for gold and silver. Right, Laura, what do you think about having our own bank in Golden Island?”

When Laura heard him, she was confused as she asked Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, do you really want to have a private bank at Golden Island? The waters regarding banks are very deep. Presently, all of the banks in the continent are in the hands of Royal Clans. If we make our own private bank, then we must prepare to offend some Royal Clans.”

When he heard Laura, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but regretfully shake his head as he sighed, “Forget it. If this is really the case, then we can’t make our own bank. We cannot bear to offend the people of the continent.”

Laura nodded, “Banks make a lot of money. Because of this, the Royal Clans naturally wouldn’t allow others to meddle with it. We should stop thinking about this matter.”

Zhao Hai nodded, the banks in the continent are much different

are much different than the banks back on Earth. Zhao Hai really wanted to try managing a bank, but when he heard Laura, he had no choice but to give up. He didn’t want to have a falling out with the Rosen Imperial Clan.

At this time, a voice was suddenly heard outside, “Is mister Zhao Hai in? The Patriarch invites you over for a feast.”

Zhao Hai complied, then he stood up before heading outside. Laura and the others also followed behind. When they got out of the tent, they also saw Buffon and Mendez who just came out. Not far from their tents, some Argalis were being roasted, there were some bulls on the pit as well. Such reception was already at a high standard.

Lieben asked Zhao Hai and the others to sit down. The Beastman’s way of eating were quite similar. If the weather is good, they wouldn’t’ eat inside the tent. This was because they cannot have open-air roasting indoors. For the Beastmen, not having an open-air barbecue was being unfair to the guests.

Zhao Hai was already used to this scene. After the group sat down, it didn’t take too long for the Black Bear Patriarch to come out. Zhao Hai and the others immediately stood up and offered their greetings.

The Black Bear Patriarch was now very polite towards Zhao Hai. After he invited the group to sit down, he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “I really want to express my gratitude to Mister Zhao Hai for coming to our Black Bear Tribe. You’ve really helped our tribe a lot.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Patriarch is too polite. I am a Merchant, I came for business. Also, you’re friends who need food, so it is natural for me to offer it.”

The Black Bear Patriarch laughed, “Good, good. Since Mister thinks of us as a friend, then you’ll be our friend. Hahaha. Mister, take this cup. From now on, you’ll be a friend to our Black Bear Tribe.”

When Zhao Hai heard the Patriarch, he couldn’t help but be happy. He then raised his glass and returned the Patriarch’s gesture. What they were drinking right now was the most common Milk Wine of the Beastmen. Since Zhao Hai was still unfamiliar with the Black Bears, he chose to not provide his wine this time.





* * *


  












Chapter 516 – Black Bear Tribe’s Friendship Flag

Beastmen are very strange, if you gave them any gift, no matter how precious, they would without a doubt accept it. Even if they knew that you’re just doing it to help them, they would still receive it with no hesitations. However, if you give them liquor during a meal, especially if you’re still not very familiar with them, they would think that you’re looking down on them. For them, this was a very huge matter.

But even so, the barbecue this time was very tasty. Even if it was Megan and Lizzy’s first time drinking genuine Beastman Milk Wine, its taste wasn’t that far from Zhao Hai’s distilled milk wine.

This meal made Zhao Hai and the others quite full, they also hadn’t drunk any small liquor. They were in the presence of Beastmen, the more you eat and drink, the happier the Beastmen get.

After eating their meal, it was already quite late. Therefore, Zhao Hai and the others returned to their tent. It seems like it would be impossible to talk about the grain with the Black Bear Patriarch today.

When Zhao Hai returned to his tent, he expected that nobody would come. But just after they entered the Space, Mendez and Buffon arrived. This surprised Zhao Hai, then he made Laura and the others go out of the Space again.

The two might look tipsy, but one could see that they weren’t that drunk. Zhao Hai served them some Spatial Water, but they didn’t drink it. Buffon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, we told the Black Bear Tribe about the Radiant Church’s involvement. But now it looks like we told them quite early.”

Zhao Hai stared, then Mendez guiltily smiled, “We did tell them a little bit too early. The Black Bear Tribe lacked grain, but they didn’t discuss this matter with us immediately. It seems like they wanted to wait until the war starts and snatch their food there. They’re not planning to buy a lot of food from you. Really, who said that these Bears as too simple? This is too insincere.”

Hearing their concerns, Zhao Hai came to an understanding. He couldn’t help but smile and said, “It’s fine, you’re thinking too much. The Black Bear clan is having a hard time, so it’s natural that they’d buy as little as possible. I’ll tell you the truth, if the Beastmen didn’t lack grain, I wouldn’t be selling the Bread Fruits. If I make these Fruits into liquor, I’d be getting multiple times more profits from them. You don’t need to worry about it too much.”

Mendez sighed, “Thank you, Little Hai. If there are more Humans like you, I think there wouldn’t be any more wars between Humans and Beastmen.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “People have ambition. As long as ambition is present, war will continually happen. Sooner or later, conflicts will





appear. With my own strength, I couldn’t’ change everything, I’m just doing all I can to help.”

Mendez and Buffon sighed, they knew that Zhao Hai was right. This thing called ambition was impossible to control. Not to mention the Humans, Beastmen were the same. Otherwise, the matter with the Fighting Bulls wouldn’t have happened.

Buffon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what do you plan to do next?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ll head to Beast God City to take a look. The things I need to do here are almost done. Even if the Black Bears have other Warring Clan friends, we aren’t sure if they have huge problems regarding food. If they have ears around, they may even know about the war. So it’s probable that they wouldn’t buy any grain. I also want to go to Beast God City to see how willing the other Beastmen were when it comes to war since Humans might become the most undesirable people in the prairie.”

Buffon snorted, “ I don’t know about other humans, but you will definitely have no problems. Don’t forget, you’re now a Prince of the Herculean Bulls, you’re basically half beastman. If you want, you can head back to our main camp and wait of our Dog-headed race’s friendship flag.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Forget it. If worse comes to worst, I can just return to the Herculean Bull tribe. Moreover, I’ve also received a new fief just recently, I still have a lot of work to do. It’s more likely that I’d need to return to Human Territory soon. Don’t worry, i won’t go too far.”

Mendez nodded, “Alright. In any case, if war does happen, Beastmen don’t generally kill humans in the Prairie, we’d only chase them away. You also have the Herculean Bull’s King’s flag, that should be quite useful.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then smiled, “Well, you don’t really need to worry about me. I’m just going to Beast God City in order to see the situation and maybe make one or two business deals.”

Mendez sighed and said, “I really think that war would definitely happen. But I really don’t want to fight the Rosen Empire. Little Hai shouldn’t worry about it.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t, my territory is a small island. It would be impossible for the Beastman’s attack to reach there.”

Mendez nodded, then he looked at the skies and said, “It’s already quite late, we’ll head back to rest. Little Hai, I think you should go hand your grain over to the Wolves as soon as possible. The Wolves are very mannered people, it wouldn’t be good if you go too late.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Right, rest assured, I’ll go there tomorrow. You don’t need to worry, you go rest now.” The two nodded, then stood up and returned to their tent.

After that, Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space. Then Laura looked at





at Zhao Hai and said, “It looks like we misjudged the determination of the Beastman Race. There is a huge food shortage in the Prairie right now, it doesn’t matter if this situation was caused by the Radiant Church, I think the Beastmen would still wage war regardless. They really need food.”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, will the Beastmen run to the Black Wasteland? If they do, they might cause troubles.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “They shouldn’t, the situation with the Black Wasteland didn’t happen in a day or two. All of the races in the Continent should know about the Poisonous Mist right now. Even the Beastmen wouldn’t’ charge towards it at this point. You don’t need to worry about it, we’re fine.”

Megan nodded, then Lizzy frowned and said, “Elder Brother Hai, what effects do you think this will have to the Rosen Empire? Didn’t the Empire prohibit trade towards Aksu Empire? Because of this, there would be less merchants who can go to the Prairie and trade with the Beastmen and sell them food. If this becomes the case, then wouldn’t the Rosen Empire be an accomplice in this war?”

When he heard Lizzy, Zhao Hai’s expression changed, the he said, “That makes sense. But I don’t think that it’s the Empire’s fault that the Merchants weren’t able to do business. Can Great Nobles really give up their profits? No! Especially getting profits from the Beastmen, they wouldn’t want to miss this opportunity. Therefore, I don’t think that it’s the Rosen Empire’s fault. If we really think too much into it, then it would be much more evident that this matter is caused by the Radiant Church.”

Laura and the others stared, they couldn’t understand what Zhao Hai was saying. Zhao Hai sighed and said, “You should know that the Rosen Empire didn’t want the Radiant Church to exist in its territory, this offended the Church. If the Radiant Church intentionally held the food from the Beastmen, they can push the fault to the Rosen Empire. When that time comes, the Rosen Empire would be in very huge trouble!”

Lizzy and the other’s complexion changed, they knew that if the Radiant Church can push the fault of this matter to the Rosen Empire, the Rosen Empire would be hated by the entire Continent. The Church’s move was using a borrowed knife to deal with another. Shifting the blame in this matter was a ruthlessly dirty move.

Lizzy was the one who cared the most about this situation, she immediately turned to ZHao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, what do we do? If the Radiant Church’s plan goes well, our Rosen Empire would be isolated by the Continent.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “We should quickly write a letter to his majesty informing him of what happened here, and have the Empire get ready. The Radiant Church wanted to use this





use this method to deal with us, I think they’re just waiting until the Beastmen declare war. We shouldn’t let this matter wait, let’s have his Majesty handle this matter and turn this into the Radiant Church’s bad luck. How to deal with this would have to be left to His Majesty, he has more understanding than me regarding these things. The only thing we need to do is inform him.”

Lizzy nodded, then Zhao Hai took out some writing materials and had Lizzy write a letter to the Emperor. Then he had it taken from his office back on Golden Island by Kun and sent to the Calci Family via blood hawk. Randolph can then send it to the Emperor.

The reason why Zhao Hai went through so much trouble was because he wanted people to not suspect him. He had the letter sent using a Blood Hawk since people already knew about it.

After completing these, Zhao Hai and the others felt relief and rested in the villa. However, they couldn’t help but feel a bit of fear inside. If the Radiant Church really did succeed, then the Rosen Empire would surely be in deep trouble. The Radiant Church can use this matter to splash some dirty water onto the Rosen Empire. With the number of their believers, it wouldn’t take too long before an uproar would happen against the Rosen Empire. The Radiant Church can then suppress the Rosen Empire, and may even force the Empire to allow the religion inside.

Although this information was still unconfirmed, but it was better to be on guard just in case the Radiant Church did indeed cause it. At this point, Zhao Hai was now utterly disgusted with the Radiant Church. In his mind, the image of the Church had now become an organization that would resort to all means just to accomplish their goals.

In order to deal with an enemy, they actually didn’t hesitate to cause an interracial war. If this matter was really proven to be caused by the Radiant Church, then they would definitely become an evil organization.

The next morning, after having their breakfast, the Black Bear Patriarch invited Zhao Hai over to the golden tent, making Zhao Hai postpone his plan of going to the Prairie Wolves.

Zhao Hai entered the golden tent, and unexpectedly, Mendez and Buffon were actually present. Zhao Hai then went to the Black Bear Patriarch and offered his greetings. The Patriarch returned the gesture to Zhao Hai as he asked him to sit down. After Zhao Hai sat down, the Black Bear Patriarch looked at him and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, I invited you today in order to discuss with you about the food.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then the Black Bear Patriarch continued, “I think mister already knows about how we were deceived by a Human Merchant years before. We have been unable to recover since then, so we really wanted to buy

wanted to buy some food from mister. However, Mendez told us yesterday that the food shortage might have been artificial. If this is really the case, then we Beastman would be waging a war against the humans. During the war, we would be able to pillage some resources, so this time we can’t buy too much food from you.”

Zhao Hai looked at the Black Bear Patriarch. He already knew that the Black Bears wouldn’t buy too much food from what he heard yesterday. He thought that the Black Bear Patriarch would find an excuse to tell him. But he never thought that the Black Bear Patriarch would actually tell him the actual reason. This made Zhao Hai surprised.

He was too used to the false talk of Humans that he was startled when he met an honest person. Although Buffon and Mendez had told him that the Black Bears were honest people, Zhao Hai didn’t expect them to be very honest.

Seeing that it took a long time for Zhao Hai to respond, the Black Bear Patriarch thought that he was unhappy. He quickly added, “Mister Zhao Hai can feel relieved. Our Black Bear tribe would cooperate with you in the future. But this time, we really just need a small amount of food.”

Zhao Hai recovered, he quickly said, “Patriarch is too polite. This isn’t really a problem. I also understand the Patriarch’s reason. How much do you want?”

When the Black Bear Patriarch saw that Zhao Hai wasn’t unhappy, he smiled and said, “We’re going to buy 40 million jin first. Do you have this much?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I can give it to you immediately. As long as Patriarch finds a place to receive them, I shall give them to you. I have more than 40 million in my hands right now.”

The Black Bear Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai, then he understood that Zhao Hai had a Space Bag. He immediately became happy and replied, “Good, fantastic. Mister can just place them outside. I’ll have some people clear a place out. Right, does mister want Magic Beasts as payment?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You can also give me some gold and silver coins, those things aren’t really useful in the Prairie. You can also give me some Magic Beasts if your coins aren’t enough.”

The Black Bear Patriarch’s eyes turned bright, then he laughed and said, “Alright, Mister is really our tribe’s friend. Right, Lieben, immediately take our tribe’s friendship flag. I must give mister our Black Bear Tribe’s friendship flag.!” Lieben nodded, then he turned around to leave.

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that he would be receiving a friendship flag this time. The Black Bear Tribe was a big Warring Clan, their friendship flag was really too important. One could say that with this flag, he could surely walk sideways in the Prairie. There would be too few people who would dare offend him.





* * *


  












Chapter 517 – Well Worth-it Transaction

Naturally, the Black Bear Patriarch didn’t do this on impulse. Since he was the Patriarch, hsi decisions were all very well thought out.

Zhao Hai might not deeply know the importance of Argalis, but how could the Black Bear Patriarch not? These Magic Beasts cannot be raised by humans and can only be reared in the Prairie. These beasts were generally coins that could give birth.

It can also be said that to the Beastmen, gold and silver were equivalent to stones. To them, those Argali were the things with value.

At the same time, Zhao Hai was also a Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bulls as well as a friend to the Mastiffs. With his connections, the Black Bear Patriarch naturally attached great importance to Zhao Hai.

Beastmen also regard relationships, in fact, they held it with great importance. This was because Beastmen held deep sentiments, and were deeply sincere. If the relationship between two parties was very good, then it was certain that they would help each other a lot.

The situation with the Black Bears wasn’t very good right now. Just as what the Black Bear Patriarch said, if they weren’t that poor, then they might have bought more food. It was just a pity that they don’t have much right now.

There were three reasons why the Black Bear Patriarch gave Zhao Hai their friendship flag. First, it was because the relationship between the Herculean Bulls and the Black bears was good. The second reason was to give the Mastiff tribe face. And the third reason was because Zhao Hai was a grain Merchant. Because of these three reasons, the Black Bear Patriarch decided to give Zhao Hai their tribe’s friendship flag.

Zhao Hai wasn’t polite, he immediately stepped forward and received the flag. Then he gave a bow and said, “My deepest gratitude to the Black Bear Patriarch. Rest assured, from this day onward, Zhao Hai would become the Black Bear Tribe’s friend. I naturally wouldn’t be stingy as a friend, so I’ll leave 50 million jin behind. The extra Bread Fruits would serve as my gift to the black Bear Tribe. The Patriarch must accept it.’

The Black Bear Patriarch didn’t expect Zhao Hai to casually give them






The Black Bear Patriarch thought about what he just gained. 10 million jins of food for a friendship flag, this transaction was pretty well worth it.

The Black Bear Patriarch couldn’t help but laugh, “Alright, I’ll accept it. But Little Hai, do you really want to trade for gold and silver?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yes, we can just use gold and silver. I know that they might be useless to you, but they have value in my hands. So I might as well have them.”

The Black Bear Patriarch laughed, “Alright, then I’ll be impolite to you. Lieben, go have some people get the gold and silver that we have, those things are useless anyway. At the same time, go have a banquet prepared.”

Zhao Hai quickly said, “Patriarch, I’ll have to be exempted from the banquet. I need to go to the Prairie Wolf tribe today. While we were coming here, we’ve been stopped by them. Then we managed to make a transaction but I still haven’t given them the food. You can wait a moment while I send them the remaining Bread Fruits.”

The Black Bear Patriarch shook his head when he heard Zhao Hai, “Don’t worry, make that old thin Wolf wait for a while. They won’t die anytime soon. Right, what did he use to trade? Gold and silver?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Partly gold and silver, partly Magic Beasts. Right, Patriarch, i want some unique Magic Beasts. I don’t care about what kind of beast as long as they are unique to the Prairie. I’d like plants as well, it would be nice if Patriarch can pay attention for me.”

The Black Bear Patriarch didn’t say anything for a moment, then he nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll give you two violent bears later. But we need to make an agreement that you shouldn’t hand them over to other Humans for research. They are our beast relatives.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Patriarch can rest assured. I wouldn’t give them to any other Human.





Human. Moreover, I want those beasts not for research, I have other uses for them.” Then the Black Bear Patriarch nodded.

Zhao Hai watched the time and turned to the Patriarch, “Patriarch, I’ll go and hand the Bread Fruits to you. 50 million jin isn’t a a small number.” The Patriarch nodded and then Zhao Hai turned around to leave.

When Zhao Hai went out of the tent, Buffon smiled to the Black Bear Patriarch and said, “Patriarch is truly very fast in making decisions. It only took a small time before giving Little Hai your Friendship Flag. Very unlike my father, we really want to give Little Hai our friendship flag, but we still needed the approval of the various tribe leaders.”

The Black Bear Patriarch stared, he looked at Buffon and said, “Your Mastiff tribe also want to give your friendship flag to Little Hai?”

Buffon shook his head and said, “Not our Mastiff Tribe, but our Dog-headed race. Our Mastiff Tribe’s friendship flag wouldn’t be a big use to Little Hai. Because of this, father wanted to convince the other tribe leaders to give Little Hai our Dog-headed race’s friendship flag.”

The Black Bear Patriarch thought about it. Although the Dog-headed Race wasn’t considered to be a Warring Race, their fighting strength was very strong. Under the Warring Races, their strength could be considered to be the strongest. There were even some small Warring Races that aren’t necessarily stronger than the Dog-headed Race. If not for some of their branches being very weak, the Dog-headed Beastment would’ve already become a Warring Race.

For such a group to give Zhao Hai their friendship flag meant that they attached great importance towards him. It was at this point that the Black Bear Patriarch realized the value of his earlier transaction.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already released his Bread Fruits. The pile of fruits looked like a small hill. The Black Bears cheered at the sight of it. Then after being handed orders, they immediately went and stored it at someplace safe.

When Zhao Hai returned to the tent, Lieben still hadn’t come back. He was still managing the gold and silver that was needed to be given to Zhao Hai. The gold and silver needed wasn’t a small





a small amount.

After Zhao Hai entered the tent, he gave a bow to the Black Bear Patriarch and said, “Patriarch, I’ll be heading to the Prairie Wolf tribe to give them the food. I shall come back immediately.”

The Black Bear Patriarch gawked, “Do you really need to go? I have already prepared the banquet.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Don’t worry, I’ll come back right away.” Then he went out of the tent and whistled. Before long, a red silhouette came flying down. Before the Black Bears could respond, the figure had already fallen in front of Zhao Hai. The Blood Hawk’s body was now more than three meters high and looked very majestic. Zhao Hai rode on the hawk’s back before it spread its wings and shot up into the air. It didn’t take a long time before he became a small dot in the sky.

When Lieben saw this, he immediately had other people move the gold and silver. Then he returned to the tent and told everything he saw to the Black bear Patriarch.

The Black Bear Patriarch responded, “Are you sure? The Hawk looked stronger than the Hawk-headed race’s beast? Does this mean that the Humans now have an Air Force?”

This was another difference between the Humans and Beastmen, the Beastmen have their own Air Force. They had a lot of Aerial Forces, they were divided between the Chaffinch, the Hawks, the Eagles, and so on. Because of their unique beasts, they can form their own Air Force. This aspect was the Beastman’s advantage against Humans.

However, the Beastmen’s Air Force have their own flight limitations and can’t fly higher than the Blood Hawk. They can only fly at low altitudes, enough for Humans to target them with Ballistas. Making an Air Force also wasn’t very easy, so their role in the Beastman Race wasn’t that huge.

Now that he heard that Zhao Hai had a flying Magic Beast that was also quite strong, the Black Bear Patriarch was startled. He didn’t know that the Humans also had their own Air Force.

After thinking about it, he couldn’t help but turn towards Buffon and Mendez. Buffon was also clueless about this matter. However, Mendez knew since Zhao Hai didn’t hide it from them. Even if the Beastmen have

the Beastmen have races that are suitable for Air Forces, they aren’t very numerous. At the same time, races like the Black Bears and the Herculean Bulls cannot have an Air Force, they were simply too heavy. Even if they can ride a Blood Hawk, they wouldn’t be able to do a lot of things on its back.

Mendez looked at the Black Bear Patriarch and knew that the other party wanted some answers. Therefore, Mendez didn’t hide the truth as he nodded and said, “They have, but not the Aksu Empire. Little Hai is now under the Rosen Empire, his wife was also the daughter of the Emperor. The Rosen Empire had begun to set up their Air Force, but it would take a while before they become operational.”

The Black Bear Patriarch nodded, “So it’s like this. That’s good, it wouldn’t be great if the Aksu Empire had their own Air Force. Right, why didn’t Little Hai give the Aksu Empire some of his hawks?”

Mendez smiled, “It’s because Little Hai has a grudge with the Aksu Empire and the Radiant Church. With such enmity, how could he give his hawks to the Aksu Empire? Instead, he couldn’t wait until the Empire gets eliminated.”

When the Black Bear Patriarch heard Mendez, he smiled and said, “Alright, that’s good. So this means that we don’t need to hold back against the Aksu Empire.”

Mendez smiled and said, “There’s also the Radiant Church. When we deal with the Aksu Empire, we can send word out that it was because the Radiant Church was holding food back from us. This would be Little Hai’s lesson towards the Radiant Church.”

The Black Bear Patriarch laughed, “No need to say more. I also find the Radiant Church to be repugnant. It is also highly probable that they are behind this food shortage, so we just cannot let them off. It’s a good idea to send a word out and make those Humans deal with the Radiant Church themselves. It would save us the effort of doing it.”

The people inside the tent laughed. While they were discussing about the Radiant Church, there was another person who was also thinking about the organization. And this person was none other than Zhao Hai’s Father-in-law, the Rosen Emperor.





* * *


  












Chapter 518 – Dead Minister

When the Rosen Emperor received Zhao Hai’s letter, he couldn’t help but be shocked. He really didn’t expect the Radiant Church to use this method to deal with the Empire.

Although this information was still unconfirmed, the Emperor already believed it to be real. If the Church’s plan came to fruition, the Rosen Empire would be detested by the entire continent. There was even a possibility that the commoners would stop supporting them.

If the commoners start believing in the Radiant Church, then the Rosen Empire would be following the footsteps of other nations. They might even be even worse than the others. The Rosen Empire had offended the Radiant Church, it would be very strange if the Radiant Church lets this opportunity to punish the Rosen Empire go.

The Rosen Emperor thought that Zhao Hai’s letter came at a very timely manner. The Radiant Church still hadn’t started their plan, at this point, the Rosen Empire had the upper hand.

The Emperor immediately called his trusted ministers over and had them read the letter sent by Zhao Hai. These ministers were also nobles of the Rosen Empire, none of them were stupid. Upon reading the letter, they immediately understood the implications of this matter for the Rosen Empire.

When the Emperor saw their faces, he knew what they were thinking. Then he said, “I didn’t think that the Radiant Church would use this trick. This is really too ruthless. We’re lucky that Little Hai managed to inform us, otherwise, I don’t want to think about what would happen. Everyone, what do you think we should do?”

Then almost everyone’s gazes turned to Randolph. The Calci Family had been at odds with the Radiant Church for a long time. Moreover, Randolph was Zhao Hai’s Grandfather-in-law. Because of this, everyone wanted to hear Randolph’s opinion first.

When Randolph saw their gazes, he knew that he needed to talk. He couldn’t help but coldly snort, “It would be bad if we didn’t know. However, since we found out about it, then there would be no way for the Radiant Church to succeed. I think we should first spread this information, fully expressing the Radiant Church’s plans. We should make the first move,





make the people side with us. When the Beastmen attack and ravage the Aksu Empire, even if the Radiant Church starts their plan, nobody would believe them.”

The Emperor nodded and said, “Randolph is right. I thought about this plan as well. What do all of you think?”

Jesse then added, “If the Beastmen really did have a food shortage just as Little Hai said, then we don’t have anything to worry about. However, once the Aksu Empire gets into trouble because of the war, refugees would come in droves. By then, we wouldn’t’ have any choice other than help them, otherwise, the Radiant Church would be using it against us.”

The Emperor nodded, “This really depends on how far the Beastmen go. If they get too ambitious, then the Aksu Empire would suffer a lot. The Beastmen army isn’t something that they can resist, at this time, we usually send some troops for support. But this time, I don’t want our soldiers to die in vain, let’s have the Aksu Empire pay the price first before sending support troops.”

Then another Noble said, “We should, but we cannot send too many. We are already convinced that the Aksu Empire has been colluding with the Radiant Church. But even then, we are already sure that Boris is certainly with the Radiant Church. If we dispatch troops to help the Empire, then they may be entering into the Radiant Church’s trap. How about we start with having the Aksu Empire recognize our sovereignty of Golden Island first, then have them make a public apology towards us. What does your Majesty think about this?”

The Emperor nodded and said, “Very well. We cannot just fall into traps. Good, if the Aksu Empire cannot take it, then we’ll send support. Pass this command, starting tomorrow, the Rosen Empire will enter 2nd alert level . Every information regarding the Radiant Church shall need to be passed on as soon as possible.” The people present complied, then they asked to be excused.

When everyone had left, the Emperor then talked with a serious voice, “What do you think about this matter?” He seems to be talking to himself, but at this time, a reply came, “Zhao Hai has performed





performed well. It seems like he really does regard himself as a person of the Rosen Empire. And also, he doesn’t seem to be a person with great ambitions.”

The voice resounded in the hall, however, the Emperor doesn’t seem to be startled. This was because this voice came from someone belonging to a special Rosen Empire unit, a Dead Minister!

A Dead Minister didn’t mean that this minister was an undead. On the contrary, they were very alive humans. This man follows the Emperor everytime. The existence of these ministers were only known to the Rosen Emperors. Whatever the Emperor was doing, this minister will always be with him. Even if the Emperor was with his concubine in bed, they would act as an audience at one side. It’s just that nobody had ever seen them before.

Would the Emperor be comfortable in having someone with him all the time? The answer was of course not. But this rule has been present since the first Rosen Emperor. Nobody dared disobey this rule.

Because of this, no Emperor ever talked about their existence outside. These people’s existence was Rosen Empire’s biggest secret.

The Emperor nodded and said, “It seems like the kid is doing a good job in managing Golden Island. He’s also quite strong himself, but he doesn’t seem to want to expand. Giving Lizzy to him makes me feel relieved.”

The voice didn’t come, then the Emperor sighed and said, “If Little Hai didn’t send word early, then we might have been extinguished by the Radiant Church sooner or later.” The Emperor seems to be talking to himself right now, the voice wasn’t speaking anymore.

The Emperor also knew that unless he took the initiative and asked, the voice wouldn’t say anything. The Emperor also knew that the owner of the voice was still there. For how long he has been the Emperor, he still hadn’t seen this person. He only knew that this person was extremely loyal to the Rosen Imperial Clan.

On the other hand, Randolph, who just came out of the palace, immediately rushed towards his house. He wanted to tell Zhao Hai about the Emperor’s decisions. No matter what, this matter was brought to light by Zhao Hai. Randolph wanted Zhao





wanted Zhao Hai to know about this news.

Actually, he really didn’t need to tell Zhao Hai since the latter already knew. After Zhao Hai had the letter sent, he also made Cai’er pay attention to the Imperial Palace. Zhao Hai even found out about the existence of the Dead Minister.

At this time, Zhao Hai was already on the skies outside the Prairie Wolf camp. When he descended to the camp, the people became frightened. However, when they saw that it was only Zhao Hai, they relaxed.

Zhao Hai didn’t rashly go to inside the camp, he just stood outside and waited. Before long, Hans came, he looked at Zhao Hai with an indifferent expression and said, “You’re two days late.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “My apologies, there are matters that delayed me.” Hans nodded, then he turned around and walked towards the camp with Zhao Hai following him closely behind.

When he entered the golden tent, the Old Wolf King was already waiting for him. Upon seeing Zhao Hai, the Old Wolf King said, “Mister Zhao Hai, you’re late.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ve been unfair to the Wolf King. I’ve been delayed for two days because of some matter. But I have some information to tell you, once you hear this, your grievance towards the food would disappear.”

The Old Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What is it?”

Zhao Hai then told him about the food shortage of the Prairie being possibly caused by the Radiant Church. He also told the Wolf King that the Beastmen might declare war against the Humans.

The Old Wolf King calmly listened to Zhao Hai and waited until he finished. When Zhao Hai was done, the old Wolf King looked at him and said, “Why did you tell me this? Now that you told me about this, I wouldn’t be buying anymore food.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I know, but I must inform you about this. I don’t want to deceive you just for measly money. What I want is long-term cooperation with your tribe, I don’t want short-lived businesses.”

The Old Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai for quite some time before he laughed, “Good, good. It’s been quite a long time before I

time before I saw someone so interesting. Alright then, I’ll be impolite. This time I’ll get 300 million jin, nothing more. What do you think?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “No problem. Since I told you about this, then I already knew that this would happen. There are still many opportunities for business in the future. Right, since I don’t have anything else to do here anymore, then I’ll have to ask the Wolf King to give me permission to be excused.”

The Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Why so anxious? Is there a problem?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I just want to catch up with the Bear tribe, The Black Bear Patriarch has prepared a feast and is waiting for me. I must head back to attend the event.”

The Old King nodded and said, “Since you have a prior engagement with that stupid bear, then you should go. Our Prairie Wolves need food every year, you have a lot of opportunities to come back here.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Right, if the Wolf King needs anything else, then don’t hesitate to tell me. I can also supply things other than food, I have some daily necessities, ironware, salt, and a lot more things that you might want. Just tell me and I’ll have them sent over.”

The Old Wolf King nodded and said, “Well, there’s still the war. After that, we can start our cooperation. Hans, are Mister Zhao Hai’s things ready?”

Hans nodded and said, “They’re prepared.” Then the Wolf King nodded and said, “Then bring Mister Zhao Hai along to take it.” Hans complied and then turned to walk outside. Zhao Hai gave the Wolf King a salute before leaving as well.

Hans walked in front while Zhao Hai followed him. Before long, they arrived in front of a tent. There were two Wolf-headed Beastmen guarding the entrance to the tent. When they saw Hans arrive, they immediately bowed. Then Hans lifted the curtain to enter.

When Zhao Hai saw this, he knew that he was to follow Hans in. So he didn’t hesitate and immediately went inside. Once he entered the tent, Zhao Hai immediately knew why Hans brought him here. This tent was the Wolf-tribe’s treasure vault.





* * *


  












Chapter 519 – Sun?

Handling gold differed between the Humans and Beastmen. Since the Humans use these precious metals as circulation currency, they would mold them into coins. However, Beastmen don’t use gold for trading since they have their Magic Beasts. Because of this, their gold were made into bricks.

The tent was entirely full of gold bricks, if one were to calculate, this was an absolutely great wealth. Hans looked at Zhao Hai, he wanted to see Zhao Hai’s face when he saw those gold bricks.

In the past, when the Prairie Wolves did business with Humans, Hans would also bring them to this tent. When Humans see this display, their saliva would flow out and would even forget about Han’s existence. Upon seeing the gold bricks, they were truly entranced, almost to the point of literally kissing and licking the bricks. Hans used to look at them and feel disgusted.

Hans wanted to see what expression Zhao Hai would have when he saw the gold. However, when he turned to see Zhao Hai, he couldn’t believe what he saw. This was because Zhao Hai took a small glance at those bricks before shifting his gaze elsewhere. It seems like, to Zhao Hai, those gold bricks were worth nothing.

Zhao Hai’s reaction made Hans surprised. Although Hans hasn’t gone to the Human territories before, he knew that they used gold and silver for trade. He knew how much wealth these bricks represented. The reason he brought Zhao Hai here was to see how greedy of a person Zhao Hai was.

The reason why the Wolf-headed Race had so little interactions with Human merchants was because they don’t trust the Human race. They think that the humans were too greedy. Therefore, if they did want to have a long-term cooperation with a merchant, they wanted to see first if they were greedy or not. This treasury was their test.

The Merchants who came here in the past were killed and then fed to Hans’ mount. This time, they wanted to see Zhao Hai’s performance and see whether he was worth having a long-term partnership with. If Zhao Hai was also very greedy, then for the Herculean Bulls, Mastiffs, and the Black Bears, they wouldn’t kill him. However, it would be very hard for Zhao Hai to do business with them again in the future.

Although Zhao Hai’s actions made Hans shocked, Hans was also very satisfied. At the same time, Zhao Hai was surprised internally as well. This was because this shouldn’t be a treasury, but a treasure trove itself! There are a lot of good things here, some of them Zhao Hai couldn’t recognize. However, just based on the fact that they were here, their value shouldn’t be very low.

Seeing that Zhao Hai was looking around, Hans said, “Sir, you can take these gold and silver bricks. Take the amount equal to your price for 300 million jin of food.”

Zhao Hai looked at Hans and smiled, “I’m really not in a hurry. To think that this is actually





your treasure trove, I can’t help but leave the bricks alone. I want to pick something else in this room, if its value exceeds the food that I supplied, I can compensate it with more fruits. What do you think?”

Hans stared at Zhao Hai with a strange look. The reason with Hans’ expression was Zhao Hai’s misunderstanding. This wasn’t the treasure trove of the Prairie Wolf tribe, this was just a storage tent. In this tent, aside from gold, there were also strange things that the Prairie Wolf had gotten over the years. These things were useless to the Prairie Wolves, they couldn’t be researched either, these aren’t really treasures.

It was because of this that when Zhao Hai told Hans that he’d exchange these things for food, he couldn’t help but stare strangely. Seeing Hans’ expression, Zhao Hai became confused, then he asked, “What’s wrong? I can’t?”

Hans shook his head and said, “I’m unable to take responsibility for this. I must ask the Patriarch first. I’ll have to ask mister to come out with me in the meantime.” Zhao Hai nodded, then came out of the tent with Hans. While Hans went to look for the Wolf King, Zhao Hai waited in front of the tent.

The reason why Zhao Hai proposed this trade was because he saw a peculiar thing among the items inside the tent. It was a piece of metal inside a crystal bottle. This metallic thing looks very strange, it was boiling just like how water would, it also had some faint bluish flames surrounding it. If one wasn’t paying attention, they wouldn’t notice this thin layer of flame.

When Zhao Hai’s eyes located the item, he can feel something in his heart, it kept telling him that he needed to obtain it! Because of this feeling, Zhao Hai made this request to Hans.

Before long, Hans went back and then looked at Zhao Hai, “Mister, the Patriarch has given word. Since Mister is our tribe’s friend, then we won’t treat you unjustly. Mister, in truth, all of the items in this tent are worthless to our Prairie Wolf tribe. If Mister takes a liking to one, mister can just take it, then you can take the gold as we have discussed before.”

When Zhao Hai heard Hans, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “His Highness Wolf King is really too polite. But I don’t want to be cheap towards the Wolf King either. The things inside this tent might be useless to you, but to me, they are very useful. I only need one thing, the bricks we can discuss later.”

Then he turned around to enter the tent, he took the strange metal in a bottle and then told Hans, “Hans, I want this thing. Since I have an urgent matter to take care of, I wouldn’t be saying goodbye to the Wolf King. If I have the opportunity later, then I would certainly give my greetings.”

Hans looked at Zhao Hai and nodded. He actually thought of Zhao Hai as





as a friend at this point. After all, Zhao Hai’s performance today had given Hans a good impression of him.

Outside, after saying his goodbyes to Hans, Zhao Hai got up to his Blood Hawk as it shot up into the sky. When he reckoned that nobody was now able to see him, Zhao Hai entered the Space.

After he entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Source of pure energy detected. Combination of three attributes; metal, fire, and water. Assimilating pure energy into the Space. Growth of crops improved. Host’s physical body improved. Constitution improved from metal and wood to metal, water, fire, wood, and metal. The hosts can now control four elements. Asking host to work hard.”

When Zhao Hai heard this prompt, he was shocked. It was the first time that he had heard of something with three elements in it. In addition to metal, there was also fire and water, he didn’t expect that those two could actually coexist together. This thing was really too strange.

However, this was a good thing for him. In the past, Zhao Hai can only control metal and plants, but now, he can also control fire and water. This development was truly very good.

Although Magic also had fire and water elements, Zhao Hai can now be considered to be someone with a Divergent ability regarding Fire and Water. There was a huge difference between Water and Fire Mages and Water and Fire Divergent ability users.

When a Mage uses Magic, they generally do so through incantations. Additionally, they would also use the magic within their bodies to resonate with the magical elements, then they can cast their spells.

However, when the spell has been cast, there would be no way for a Mage to change its form. If you casted a Fireball spell, then it would be impossible for it to be transformed into a Fire Dragon. The Mage could only cast a Fire Dragon if he wanted one.

But a Fire element Divergent Ability was different, they can manually control fire. Once a Fireball has been released, they can mold it and make it into a Fire Dragon, or even a Fire Whip. If one compares Fire Divergent ability users to Fire Mages, then the Fire Mage would be a man who attacks using a stone while a Fire Divergent Ability user was a mason who can carve a stone into a statue. A Fire Divergent Ability user can be seen as an advanced version of a Fire Mage.

However, even if Zhao Hai acquired another two Divergent Abilities, he still needed to practice them just like what he did with the Metal and Wood element abilities. These abilities needed constant practice in order to be formidable.

Zhao Hai was very happy with this time’s harvest. Even if he didn’t know what the item inside the bottle was, it still gave him two new divergent abilities as well as improving the growth of the crops in the Space. These were very good things.

Upon thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but





help but turn his attention towards the crystal bottle and then opened it. When the bottle was opened, Zhao Hai didn’t expect the metal inside to immediately fly out of the bottle and moved up faster and faster. It reached to the point where Zhao Hai can no longer see it, but he could feel that there had been wonderful changes occuring in the Space.

In the past, even if the Space had the right temperature, the warmth that they felt seemed to be without life. Being on the Space’s outdoors felt just like being inside any other room, it felt very strange.

However, it was different this time around. Even if the temperature inside the Space didn’t have major changes, Zhao Hai could feel true warmth in his body, it felt very comfortable.

At the thought of this, Zhao Hai suddenly froze, then he patted his own head. Wasn’t this feeling very much like the sun? Was the thing inside the bottle not a metal, but instead a miniature sun?

At this time, a prompt was heard from the Space, “Unknown material detected. Crystalline properties, bottle-shaped. The origin of the material is unknown. The material’s properties are special, it can store everything without damaging it. Absorbing properties of material. Host’s energy is strengthened. Host may now crystallize his body instantaneously, may defend against any attacks.”

This made Zhao Hai thoroughly shocked, he didn’t think that there would be such a thing. He had unexpectedly acquired another Divergent Ability. He can actually change his body into a crystal? Then wouldn’t he become a crystal person? Will he be alive after then?

Just when he thought about these questions, a prompt was heard, “Host doesn’t need to worry about anything. The body’s crystallization happens in a cellular level. Host can just move normally. After the ability gets to an advanced level, Host can also turn other things into crystal. Host can just choose to withdraw the ability at any time.”

After Zhao Hai heard this sound, he couldn’t help but laugh. This ability was truly powerful. If this ability gets strong in the future, then if he took a piece of grass and turn it into a crystal, it would be able to pass as another weapon.

While storing the bottle carefully, Zhao Hai’s body flashed out of the Space. This bottle was very useful to him since he was not yet capable of turning things into a crystal. If he came upon things that he cannot store, the jar would be able to save him the trouble.

After having everything finished and going out of the Space, Zhao Hai was now back on the Blood Hawk. At this point, the Blood Hawk was already on the skies of the Black Bear tribe’s main camp, Zhao Hai immediately had the Blood Hawk dive down.

The people of the Black Bear tribe had already seen the Blood Hawk. However, when they saw the beast diving down, they couldn’t help but look at it curiously.

Zhao Hai didn’t control the Hawk and just had it go on its

go on its way. Before long, he was already in front of the Black Bear tribe’s main camp where the banquet was already underway.

Right now, the Black Bears were extremely polite towards Zhao Hai. Even if these people didn’t know about Zhao Hai, they still gave their greetings to the person who gave them food as well as the person who had their friendship flag.

Zhao Hai also greeted the other Black Bears before he headed towards the golden tent. The banquet there had already begun. The Black Bear Patriarch hosted the event while the elders were interacting with Buffon and Mendez. Laura and the others were also sitting at the side accompanied by other Black Bear women, the group were happily chatting and laughing with each other.

When the Black Bear Patriarch saw that Zhao Hai had already returned, he immediately invited him over to sit by his side. There, Zhao Hai can see a chair that was intentionally left empty, naturally saved for Zhao Hai. This made Zhao Hai surprised, the place at the left side of the Patriarch was a very important and respectable position.

However, he also knew that being polite was useless at this time. Overly polite people were heavily disliked by the Beastmen. Therefore, he immediately gave his greetings before arriving at the empty chair and sat down.

Seeing Zhao Hai sit down, the Black Bear Patriarch then held his wine glass up and said, “Today is a happy day. Our Black Bear Tribe has acquired a trustworthy Human friend, Zhao Hai. He has also received our friendship flag, he will be our Black Bear tribe’s friend from now on. Everyone, join me in cheering for our new friend!” Everyone simultaneously held their glasses up in the air and said, “Cheers!” Then they drank the liquor in the glass.

After refilling his glass, the Black Bear Patriarch once again held it up and said, “Our Black Bear tribe’s brothers, the Mastiff tribe, sent us information about the food shortage. They said that this may been the cause of the Radiant Church. I passed this matter over to the Lion-headed Race and the Tiger-headed Race to have it investigated. If this matter was indeed caused by the Radiant Church, then we must use our spiked maces and head to the Human territories to pillage some food. Everyone, prepare yourselves!”

All the Black Bears held their glass up again and cheered, “Yes! Yes! Yes!” Then they drank their second glass of liquor.

Then the Black Bear Patriarch held his glass for the third time and said, “But all of you should remember, no matter how much we hate Humans, Zhao Hai will always be our friend!” Then the people said in one voice, “Yes!” Before they drank their third glass of liquor. Then everyone was free to do what they want.

After continually drinking three glasses, the Black Bear Patriarch placed his glass down and turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what kind of transaction did you do with the Wolf tribe?”





* * *


  












Chapter 520 – Arriving at Beast God City

When Zhao Hai heard the Black Bear Patriarch, he couldn’t help but smile faintly and said, “Before, they wanted my food. But when I told them about the war, they decided to not buy the remaining food.”

The Black Bear Patriarch stared for a moment before his complexion changed, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What? Did they dare to dishonor an agreement? Alright, tomorrow I’ll go and settle accounts with that Old malnourished Wolf.”

Zhao Hai immediately shook his head and said, “No, no. I already expected this before informing the Old Wolf King. You should know that their situation is much worse than the Black Bear tribe. Therefore, I told them that they might go into war and gain food there. Because of that, they decided to not buy the other food in my hands.”

The Black Bear Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai curiously before saying, “Little Hai, why would you do that? You are a Merchant, wouldn’t it be better if they buy your food?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Not really. To tell you the truth, I really didn’t plan to sell those Bread Fruits to the Prairie. I can sell them elsewhere, and for more profit. Since the Prairie Wolf tribe are your friends, then they are my friends as well. I don’t really need to cheaply profit off of them. What I want is long-term cooperation with the Beastmen. For this goal to be attained, I couldn’t offend the Prairie Wolf tribe.”

The Black Bear Patriarch stared at Zhao Hai for a moment before he laughed and continually patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder. If this was in the past, Zhao Hai might not have been able to bear this beating. However, he was now an 8th rank expert and also had his body repeatedly strengthened by the Space. At this time, he doesn’t feel anything from the pats of the Black Bear Patriarch, instead he even felt that two of them had gotten more intimate.

The banquet went very smoothly, especially for the Black Bear Patriarch. Even if he calls the Old Wolf King bad names, one could see that the relationship between the two was very good.

Zhao Hai’s performance towards the Prairie Wolves also made the





Black Bear Patriarch happy. Because of Zhao Hai’s actions this time, the Black Bear Patriarch can see that Zhao Hai was really the Beastmen’s friend. At the very least, he doesn’t look down on them like any other Human.

After the banquet, Zhao Hai and the others were already quite tipsy. Since, they didn’t have anything else left to do, Zhao Hai and the others returned to their tent and immediately drank two cups of Spatial Water. At the same time, Zhao Hai also informed Laura and the others about the changes inside the Space.

Although the Space didn’t level up, the changes inside were very big. Compared to the past where the only thing that they could feel was warmth, the Space was now more comfortable and more alive.

The most important thing was the change towards the farming grounds. Even if the growth of the plants on the farming ground weren’t slow, with the addition of the sun, it became even faster. It also seems like the plants looked much healthier than before.

Zhao Hai and the others were happy with this development. With the changes in the Space, they can also feel that the energy inside became thicker than before. At the same time, the energies were also more active.

Zhao Hai was very satisfied with the Space’s transformation, he slept very well that night. The next morning, Zhao Hai bade farewells towards the Black Bear Patriarch. No matter what, they needed to head towards Beast God City, they had someone waiting for them there.

Mendez and Buffon didn’t follow them and returned to their respective tribes. This time, their plans were very successful. The Herculean Bulls had gained a powerful ally with the Black Bear Tribe. For the Herculean Bulls, this development was great.

Buffon’s main task was just to escort Zhao Hai as well as help Mendez gain a good relationship with the Black Bear Tribe. However, he also gained a lot from this trip. At the very least, he already saw that Zhao Hai had gotten the friendship flag of the Black Bear tribe. The Mastiff tribe can use this information to convince the other Dog-headed Tribe leaders that Zhao Hai was a good friend.

During the trip, Zhao Hai was inside the body of Alien. However,





However, one could see that there were flags erected on top of the undead beast’s body. There was the Herculean Bull’s King’s flag, the Big-bellied Pig Tribe’s friendship flag and the Black Bear tribe’s friendship flag. Even if Zhao Hai had a Dog-headed race’s flag, it was just a common flag, so it was basically useless. He also had the Giant-horned Bull’s friendship flag, however, he was already the Cow-headed Race’s prince, erecting that flag was just redundant.

Even so, the sight was amazing. The Herculean Bull’s King’s flag represented the entirety of the Cow-headed Race. The Beastmen regarded face very heavily. This was because they knew that once their face gets dragged into the mud, their race would get annexed by other races.

If people dared to touch Zhao Hai, this would mean that they were offending the Royal tribe of the Cow-headed race. This would mobilize the entire Cow-headed race, and their strength wasn’t something to be scoffed at.

Additionally, he also had the Black Bear Tribe’s friendship flag. This flag held greater importance. Even if it was only a friendship flag, this flag represented that Zhao Hai was a true friend to the Black Bears. If Zhao Hai were to be bullied and was made known to the Black Bear Tribe, then one could be sure that the Black Bears wouldn’t just sit by and do nothing.

Although the impact of the Big-bellied Pig tribe’s friendship flag wasn’t very great, it also indicated that Zhao Hai had been recognized by the Big-bellied Pig tribe. This was also something noteworthy to other Beastmen.

It can be said that even if the Beastmen and the Humans did go to war, there would be no Beastman who would act against Zhao Hai. It was because they would be offending multiple tribes while doing so, and nobody wanted to do such thing.

Zhao Hai’s target right now was Beast God City. Therefore, he didn’t go and deliberately contact every Beastman camp that he came across. Of course, proper contact was also necessary.

The distance between the Black Bear Tribe’s domain and Beast God City wasn’t very long, one could just travel for ten days before reaching the city. For the Beastmen, Beast God City was a sacred place. The more formidable the tribe, the





tribe, the nearer they were to the city. This also demonstrated their status. Beast God city was also the place where Beastmen can buy things more conveniently.

Because of his flags, Zhao Hai’s journey was very relaxed. All of the tribes that he met were very polite. All of them welcomed Zhao Hai as a friend.

Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t just let them suffer a loss. So he left behind some grain as a gift to those tribes. This act made these Beastmen happy.

Zhao Hai and the others were also listening to rumors along the way. These rumors were about how the Radiant Church cut off all of the food heading towards the Prairie. It was directly passed on that the Radiant Church was behind this time’s food shortage.

This information was something that the Wolf-headed Race, Bear-headed race, and the Dog-headed Race released together. They released this information in order to have the other races prepare, at the same time, this was also used to pressure the other Warring Races.

This information was also like a dropped bomb to the Beastmen. Before long, the Beastmen in the Prairie burst into action, the entire place was boiling with anticipation. Even Zhao Hai can see the changes of the Beastmen just by looking at their eyes.

Zhao Hai knew that if he didn’t have those three flags, then those Beastmen may have already got to him and expelled him from the Prairie.

Although these Beastmen had their own internal thoughts, they still warmly received Zhao Hai’s group. This made Zhao Hai’s heart feel quite strange.

Zhao Hai didn’t dare release a Blood Hawk towards Beast God City at this time. Beast God City always had at least ten 9th rank experts in it all the time. Even if the Blood Hawk has become very strong, it cannot defeat a 9th rank expert. If the 9th rank experts misunderstand, then Zhao Hai’s troubles wouldn’t be very small.

The other races should have already known about his Blood Hawk. Although he was now the Prince of the Herculean Bulls as well as a friend of the Black Bears, the 9th rank experts guarding the City wouldn’t’ let him off if he dared to release a Blood Hawk right now.

After travelling for 10 days, Zhao Hai had finally arrived

had finally arrived at Beast God City. What surprised Zhao Hai the most was the fact that the more they got closer to the city, the less they heard rumors about the Radiant Church and the food shortage. When he arrived at Beast God City, nobody was talking about it, this made Zhao Hai confused.

However, Zhao Hai’s thoughts were interrupted when he finally saw the famous Beast God City. The city had both the colors of green and red. With what Zhao Hai saw, the city seemed like a beast that was lying there, prepared to attack anyone who dared offend it.

As he came closer and closer to the city walls, Zhao Hai noticed that the pressure increased. Although Beast God City was just like any other stone city, it’s dark-red hue made people feel immense pressure.

Beast God City’s walls weren’t as tall as Carson City. The walls of the city was only about ten zhang(33m) high. However, since the city was placed on a flat and barren Prairie, it looked relatively tall.

Beast God City looked very lively. While he was yet to arrive at the City, Zhao Hai can already see tents people all around.

Zhao Hai looked at the tents and couldn’t help but feel strange. However, he also knew that building houses in the Prairie was much harder than making houses in Human territory. Tents were much more common here.

Before long, Zhao Hai arrived near a clump of tents. He could see Human merchants entering and leaving the tents here.

Zhao Hai had Alien stop before he walked out of Alien’s body. He wasn’t afraid of causing panic among the Humans, but instead he didn’t want the other Beastmen in the city to have an opportunity to blame him. It wasn’t a wise move to offend the Beastmen at this place.

When Zhao Hai went out of Alien, he immediately received the undead. Then he walked on foot towards the city. At this time, a carriage was fast approaching Beast God City. This carriage was pulled along by a 4th rank Magic Beast Tiger-tailed Horse. The fighting strength of this Magic Beast was good. Even if it wasn’t the best when it came to speed, its strength was placed on the top among the 4th rank Magic Beasts.





* * *


  












Chapter 521 – The Ugly Ah Tai

The horse carriage was something commonly seen in the Prairie. It was full of Beastman craftsmanship techniques, and it was very large as well. It wasn’t much smaller than the carriage that Randolph gave Zhao Hai.

The carriage quickly arrived in front of Zhao Hai’s group. The driver stopped the carriage and jumped down. When the person jumped to the ground, Zhao Hai was taken back. It was because this man was very tall, he was about two and a half meters tall, he also had a muscular body that wasn’t much less than those Beastmen.

This man wore a leather robe that looked very worn and ugly. His skin was also very black, he looked like a black person from Earth. If his body was just covered with hair, then one wouldn’t doubt him if he posed as someone from an Ape tribe.

When the man arrived near Zhao Hai’s group, he bowed to Laura and excitedly said, “Young lady, you finally came. Ah Tai was waiting for you for quite a while.”

It was at this point that Zhao Hai and the others understood that this man was the person that Laura sent to the Prairie, Ah Tai. Seeing this person’s appearance, Zhao Hai and the others couldn’t help but make a strange expression. Did Laura send Ah Tai to the Prairie because of his appearance?

Laura nodded and said, “Ah Tai, I haven’t seen you for a long time. You seem to have darkened some more. Come meet my husband, Zhao Hai.”

Ah Tai turned to Zhao Hai and bowed, “Ah Tai has seen the Uncle.” Zhao Hai wasn’t used to be called by this name, he couldn’t help but smile and said, “Alright, no need to be polite. It’s been hard for you these past few years. Also, you can just call me young master.”

Ah Tai looked up and honestly smiled, “Young Master, I really hadn’t been having it hard. I have something to eat and drink everyday, actually, it’s been very easy.”

Zhao Hai stared at Ah Tai. He never imagined Laura to send such an awkward looking guy to the Prairie. She was actually not afraid that he wouldn’t be able to sell properly.

Then Laura introduced Ah Tai to Megan and the others. While Ah Tai were meeting his wives, Zhao Hai paid attention to the surroundings. Around them were merchants who were somehow





acquainted with Ah Tai. Zhao Hai could even see some of them pointing towards their direction.

Zhao Hai focused his ears and listened to the words of those people. He listened to a merchant on their side, “Look, isn’t that silly Ah Tai? Why did he run out of the camp?”

Another person answered, “Who knows? But looking at his respectful appearance, it seems like the person who came has an authority over him. I heard that this person might have been from the Buda Clan. From the undead earlier, it seems like it was Buda Clan’s Patriarch Zhao Hai.”

The person who previously spoke said, “If it is really possible for it to be Zhao Hai, Ah Tai is really unlucky. Now that the food is expensive, he actually dared to sell it at a cheap price. I’m afraid that this fool would suffer this time.”

The other person said, “Tone down your voice. I heard that this Zhao Hai isn’t a simple person. He became famous by being vicious and ruthless on the continent. If he heard our bad words towards Ah Tai, he might not let us off.”

The first person snorted and said, “Why do we need to be afraid? This is Beast God City. Violence wasn’t allowed in a thousand li radius around the city. If someone dares to neglect this rule, the Beastmen wouldn’t let them off easily.” Although he said that, his voice was evidently much quieter.

The other person replied, “Don’t say that. Even if he cannot find trouble with us inside Beast God City, what would happen when we leave the city? This is Beastman Prairie, if he killed us here, our families would think that it was the Beastmen who did it.” Then the two of them went silent.

Zhao Hai now had a faint understanding of the situation. He turned around to look at the ugly man who was talking with Laura. If Ah Tai chose to sell the goods at the same price as those merchants, then Zhao Hai would truly be disappointed, but now it seems like he didn’t do so.

After Ah Tai greeted Laura and the others, he then invited the group over to the carriage. When Zhao Hai and the others were on board, Ah Tai immediately drove the carriage towards Beast God City.

Inside the carriage, Zhao Hai looked at Laura nd said, “Didn’t they say that the camps outside Beast God





God City were only temporary and sparse? How come there are a lot of people here?”

Laura smiled and replied, “It used to be like that, but now there were a lot more Humans who were trading with the Beastmen. Because of that, the Beastmen allowed them to set up shop outside the city. Because of that, Ah Tai also had his own place outside the city. However, since we managed to take over the Markey Family, Ah Tai had gotten a place inside.

Zhao Hai nodded, then he asked again, “What’s the difference between inside and outside the city?”

Laura replied, “There aren’t a lot of differences really. The amount of buildings inside the city are too small, tents were much more prevalent there. Also, since the soil inside the city were made from Beast Blood Earth and were heavily controlled by the Beastmen, only great families of the continent were able to have a place there. The weaker merchants can only go outside the city.” Zhao Hai nodded. At this time, the carriage had already entered the city.

Through the carriage’s window, Zhao Hai looked at the city. The insides of Beast God City was indeed very different from the outside. There were structures inside that were built using Beast Blood Earth. In front of those buildings, Beastmen were seen to be guarding the entrance. It seems like those buildings were very important and weren’t used for casual matters. In other places, large tents could be seen. However, these tents were tightly packed. The inside of the tent looked also the same as what would be seen in a normal house.

Words were written on the curtains of those tents. Some of them had names of the stores, at it seems like these shops were all selling assorted merchandise. Zhao Hai cannot see any shops that specialized on a certain product.

Before long, the carriage stopped in front of a tent. This tent was very big, and on its curtains were large letters that read, “Magic Lily Store.”

When Zhao Hai saw those words, he couldn’t help but feel warm. This Magic Lily Shop was a trademark of the Markey Family, but who would’ve thought that this shop was built by Laura herself.

There were two people outside this tent. These two doesn’t seem to be very large, but still looked very strong. Their build and faces was actually quite similar to Ah Tai.

Ah Tai jumped down





jumped down from the carriage and then said, “Ah Da, go unload the things in the carriage. Ah Er, prepare some food and drinks for the Young Master and the Young Ladies.” The two complied and then turned around to get busy. They unexpectedly didn’t greet Zhao Hai and the others.

Ah Tai became somewhat embarrassed, he scolded the two and said, “Show your manners!” Then he turned to Laura and Zhao Hai before saying, “I’m sorry, Young Master, Young Lady, those two doesn’t have very good manners. I’ve shown you a disgraceful sight.”

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “It doesn’t matter, this is but a small thing.” Ah Tai felt relieved, then he led Zhao Hai and the others inside the tent.

Upon entering the tent, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. This was because the furnishings in this tent were just like the furnishings in Laura’s Magic Lily Shop. However, there were only a few things left inside. There were a small amount of fruit oil present, the other places were quite empty.

Ah Tai embarrassingly looked at Laura and said, “Young Lady, forgive me. The grain and the vegetables are all sold out.”

Laura smiled and said, “That’s not a problem. You go take a break. I want to explore this place. I also remember how fragrant Sister-in-law’s barbecue was.”

Ah Tai smiled and said, “Young Lady actually remembers. Since we knew that Young Lady and Young Master were coming, I already had my wife prepare everything. Then, Young Master, Young Lady, please.” Then he led the group to a yard behind the tent.

Once they arrived at the yard, they can see that several smaller tents were also erected there. Ah Tai’s two sons can also be seen unloading the contents of the carriage into the yard.

Ah Tai directly led the group towards the tent in the middle. Just as he was about to open the tent’s curtain, the curtain was suddenly flung open, then a tall woman came out.

The woman seems to be about 40 years old. Although she was already old, and had wrinkles on her face, she was still attractive. Once could see that she was quite beautiful when she was a young woman.

When the woman saw Laura, her face couldn’t hide her excitement. She immediately arrived in front of Laura and sized her up before saying, “The Young Lady has surely grown up, you’re getting more and more attractive.

and more attractive. Time really passes by quickly, in a blink of an eye, the Young Lady was already married. It’s a pity that I’ve not been able to participate in the ceremony.”

Laura smiled and said, “Sister-in-law, how have you been good these years? Did Uncle Ah Tai bully you?”

Ah Tai’s wife gave a quick glance to her husband and said, “As if he’d dare. Right, Young Lady, come quickly, I’ve prepared a lot of delicious food.” Then Ah Tai’s wife turned her gaze towards Zhao Hai while Zhao Hai also looked her in the eye.

Zhao Hai saw that Laura’s relationship with Ah Tai’s wife was very unusual. When she spoke to Laura, she wasn’t being polite. On the contrary, it seems like it was Laura who spoke to her with respect.

Then Ah Tai’s wife suddenly gave her greetings to Zhao Hai, “This one has seen Uncle. This one is called Pearl, people generally refer to me as Ah Tai’s wife. Sister-in-law would also do fine.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, it seems like being called ‘Uncle’ was very common here. He immediately replied and said, “Thanks, Sister-in-law. You can just call me Young Master, Zhao Hai is good as well.”

Ah Tai’s wife smiled and said, “I can’t call you by name, so I’ll just call you Young Master.” Then she led Zhao Hai and the others to enter the tent.

The tent was very similar to an ordinary Beastman tent. Only the interior decorations were different, this one had more Human furniture in it.

There was also a furnace inside, of which several good slices of meat were being barbecued. There were also dishes on the sides, taking advantage of the heat to stay warm.

After Ah Tai’s wife got introduced to Megan and the others, she immediately invited the group to sit down on the carpet. She also served the group some tea before she spoke to Laura, “Young Lady, you sit here first. The vegetables are still not finished. When they are done, we can have our meal.” Laura nodded, then Ah Tai’s wife began to get busy, Ah Tai also helped her from the side.

Zhao Hai drank his tea and then turned to Laura, “Laura, are you very close with Sister-in-law?”

Laura smiled and said, “Not just sister-in-law, I’m also quite close with Ah Tai. Ah Tai was my mother’s guard while Sister-in-law was my mother’s maidservant. They were there while I was growing up.”





* * *


  












Chapter 522 – Four Tribes

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “So it’s like that. That explains why you trust Ah Tai so much and also why sister-in-law isn’t very polite to you.”

Laura smiled and said, “Actually, Uncle Ah Tai isn’t suitable for business, he’s too honest. But him being in the Prairie is good, the Beastmen like his strength. He’s also a very strict person when it comes to status, he only wanted me to call him Ah Tai, I’m not allowed to call him uncle.”

Zhao Hai smiled, then he looked at Ah Tai with appreciation. Megan looked at Ah Tai and his wife and said to Laura, “Why do I think that Ah Tai is scared of sister-in-law?”

Laura looked at the couple and smiled, “That’s true, Uncle Ah Tai is very honest, and he also liked sister-in-law very much. However, because of his appearance, he chose to not dare confess. Later on, sister-in-law took the initiative and asked uncle to marry her, which made uncle happy. Since then, sister-in-law has always been favored by Uncle Ah Tai, almost to a point where he’ll always be following her.”

Meg sighed and said, “It’s been hard for them being in the Prairie for this long of a time. It seems like their appearances had already adapted to this place.”

Laura nodded and sighed, “I initially wanted someone else to head to the Prairie, but I just cannot find an appropriate person. It was the two of them who requested me to allow them to go, I really don’t want to let them go but I had to agree in the end because of their constant requests.”

At this time, Ah Da and Ah Er came in from outside. When the two entered the tent, Ah Tai immediately scolded them, “You two rascals, you saw the Young Lady and the Young Master earlier but you didn’t greet them. Go quickly give them your greetings now.”

The two nodded and then arrived to Laura and Zhao Hai before giving their greetings. Laura looked at the two and smiled, “Ah Da, Ah Er, you grow up very quick. You two weren’t this tall when I saw you a while ago.”

Ah Da laughed foolishly and said, “Yes, Young Lady, we’ve been having good food recently, so we grew bigger and bigger.” Ah Er nodded in support. When Zhao Hai looked at the two, he couldn’t help but laugh, they were too adorable.

At this time, Sister-in-law came and said, “Young Lady, Young Master, the meal has been prepared.” Laura and Zhao Hai nodded, then they stood up before heading towards the Magic Stove.

This Magic Stove was fabricated according to the customs of the Beastmen. The middle of the furnace was heated up using a magical formation while its rims were made of wide stone that could be made into small tables.

In the middle of the stove, a large flat iron pan





was placed. The iron pan seems to be lathered with lard. Around it were plates with meat and vegetables.

Zhao Hai had a feeling of being out of place. He felt like he had returned to Earth and was having barbecue with his friends.

After Ah Tai’s wife asked them to sit down, Ah Da immediately gave them glasses before pouring them some wine. At this time, the lard had already melted, so Ah Tai immediately laid the slices of meat over to the pan.

After Zhao Hai and the others finished drinking, Ah Tai had already flipped the meats over, filling the entire tent with a pleasant smell.

Ah Tai held his wine glass up this time and then looked at Zhao Hai’s group and said, “Young Master, Young Ladies, since I wasn’t able to participate in your wedding ceremony, I can only offer you a toast right now. I wish you all to be happy and to have a completely joyful life.”

Zhao Hai and the others also quickly held their glasses up. Zhao Hai smiled to Ah Tai and his wife and said, “Thank you, thank you. I also wish for your family a happy and joyful life.” Then the group simultaneously drank from their glasses.

At this time, when Ah Da was about to refill their liquor, Zhao Hai quickly stopped him. He took the bottle and then served Ah Tai and his wife as well as Laura and the others with liquor. Then he lifted his own glass and said, “Ah Tai, Sister-in-law, you’ve been working hard for all these years. Let me offer you this glass of wine.” Ah Tai and his wife didn’t dare to dally as they immediately drank their glass of wine.

Then Laura also got up and poured the group another glass of wine before giving her greetings. The group still hadn’t eaten, yet they had already drank three glasses of wine.

Zhao Hai and the others had always greeted other Beastmen this way, so they had already formed a habit. At the same time, Ah Tai’s group had also dealt with Beastmen before, so this custom wasn’t strange for them.

After drinking three glasses of liquor, the group stopped, then Ah Tai quickly said, “Young Lady, Young Master, have a taste of this barbecue. I’ve just chopped this meat this morning, and they had now finished cooking. They are definitely delicious.”

Laura smiled and said, “Alright, I’ve been hungry for sister-in-law’s barbecue. They’re very delicious.” Then she grabbed a two-pronged fork next to the pan and got herself some few slices of meat. Then she sliced it with her knife before placing a morsel into her mouth.

Zhao Hai and the others followed her example, they forked some meat into their own plates then ate it. Not to mention the fragrance of the barbecue, the pieces of meat were also very large and thick. Even if they were cooked, they weren’t





weren’t fully done. The meat was slightly red but it was very tender and delicious.

When Zhao Hai ate a piece of the meat, he nodded and said, “Delicious, this so delicious. Sister-in-law’s cooking is very good. If you open a shop selling these barbecue, it would certainly do very well.”

As soon as Ah Tai’s wife heard Zhao Hai, a smile blossomed on her mouth as she said, “If Young Master likes it very much, then you should eat more.”

The group continued to eat and chat. Before long, they had unconsciously ate until they are full. The only ones left eating were Ah Da and Ah Er. Zhao Hai and the others were now just drinking and chatting.

Ah Tai turned to Zhao Hai and Laura then said, “Young Lady, Young Master, there has been rumors going around Beast God City saying that the Beastmen may declare war with the Humans. They might expel Human Merchants. What do you think about this matter?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We already know about this, rest assured. Even if they do drive the other Merchants away, that doesn’t apply to us. We have the Herculean Bulls’ King’s Flag as well as the Black Bear Tribe’s friendship flag.”

Ah Tai nodded and said, “Since we have those flags, the Beastmen wouldn’t touch us. But Young Master, I’ve sold the grain that you’ve given me at normal price. Are you angry?”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Of course not, why would I be angry? That’s what you decided to do, so it’s no problem. Right, I’ve brought a new type of crop, you’ll be selling these later.” Then he showed Ah Tai a Bread Fruit.

The food that Zhao Hai gave Ah Tai in the past weren’t Bread Fruits, but instead Bamboo Rice. At this time, Zhao Hai took out the Bread Fruits.

When the Bread Fruit was opened and exhibited its pulp, the eyes of Ah Tai and his wife lit up. They dealt with the Beastmen for a long time, so they knew what they needed. This Bread Fruit would definitely be a favorite among the Beastmen.

Zhao Hai gave them the Bread Fruit and then had them taste it, then he said, “Only our Buda Clan has this Bread Fruit. No other people have this in hand. We shall mainly sell these fruits in the future, we have a lot of them. Moreover, we should also sell some daily necessities. The price of the Bread Fruit is half of Bamboo Rice. The price of the necessities shouldn’t be very high, maybe a bit higher than its price back on the Human territories.”

Ah Tai then said, “Young Master, isn’t this too low? This Bread Fruit is much more convenient than Bamboo Rice, it is cost-effective as well. It would still be popular even if we sell it at a high price. Also, those daily necessities, they still needed to be transported





be transported to the Prairie, that would cost us. If we do it just like what you said, we would be losing so much money.”

Ah Tai was an honest person, but it didn’t mean that he was stupid. He knew that when one travels to the Prairie, one would need to go through a lot of checkpoints. Delivering things to the Prairie would generally make the price of the items double. If one doesn’t increase the price of the item, they would generally lose out on profits.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s not an issue. I’ve already calculated the sums, we won’t be losing money. Also, if we make a name for ourselves this time, when the Beastmen is done waging war with the Humans, we would become the largest merchant in the Prairie.”

When Ah Tai heard Zhao Hai, his eyes couldn’t help but lighten up, then he laughed and said, “Alright. Young Master’s words made me feel relieved. I certainly wouldn’t disappoint the Young Master.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ll tell you the truth, since the Buda Clan and the Markey Family have been combined, there aren’t a lot of people who would dare offend us. However, Ah Tai, you shouldn’t presumably think that we can monopolize the business of the Prairie. It’s impossible for that to happen.”

Ah Tai smiled and said, “Young Master can rest assured, I fully understand.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Since the Markey Family has been here for quite some time, we should have some tribes that we directly supply, right? Do we have a deep relationship with them?”

Ah Tai nodded and said, “Before the takeover, the Markey Family supplies four large tribes with food and daily necessities. The four tribes are the Fire Fox tribe, Black Panther tribe, Gibbon tribe, and the Gold-ringed Eagle tribe. These four tribes are all branches of Warring Races. Each year, their food and necessities consumption are quite large. However, the Markey Family’s business only accounts for 20 percent of their food supply and 10% of their daily necessity supply.”

When he heard Ah Tai, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown and said, “What’s the problem? Why is it like that?”

Ah Tai sighed and said, “This isn’t really a mystery. Even if the goods of the Markey Family are of high quality, their prices were also significantly higher than the other merchants. If not for the fear of having their supply monopolized, those four tribes wouldn’t be buying from the Markey Family. This year, even if the Prairie was having a food shortage, those four tribes didn’t buy any food from the family. The amount of daily necessities that they bought didn’t increase either.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh, he really cannot understand why the Markey Family acted this way. Not only did they offend everyone on the continent, they were also quite overbearing in doing their business. They really think that

really think that they were soaring in the heavens and thus became conceited. If Zhao Hai didn’t deal with the family, other people would attack them sooner or later.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I understand. Do you know the addresses of these tribes? I plan on visiting them when I have time.”

Ah Tai nodded and said, “I know, these four tribes are quite famous in the Prairie. It’s very easy to look for them. The Fire Foxes are well-known prophets among the Beastmen. Their abilities are also special. It was said that their spirit technique can summon fire attributed beasts and their attacking abilities are very strong. The Black Panther tribe are one of the very few assassin tribes among the Beastmen. Their stealth techniques are very formidable. The Black Panthers were the people who clashed with Human assassins during wars. The Gibbon Tribe are one of the main forces of the Beastmen. They dual wield scimitars, and their movements are very flexible. They are the ones who generally attack the walls of Human cities. The Gold-ringed Eagle tribe are also one of the main battle force of the Beastman Race. Their bodies aren’t’ very huge, but they are very skilled in archery. And because of their unique mount, they were also one of the most famous aerial scouts in the Prairie.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good. It seems like now is not the right time to visit them. The war between the Beastmen and Humans are inevitable. It would be impossible to sell food at this time since the Beastmen are going to pillage them from the humans. You don’t need to get busy at this time, just stay here in Beast God City. I don’t think that this war would go on for too long. As soon as the war is over, we should try to be the first to establish new connections to the Beastmen. It’ll be the opportune time to form partnerships with the tribes.”

Ah Tai nodded and said, “Young Master can rest assured, I know what to do. I originally have a cooperation with the Pig-headed Race. But they are just too far and is only a commoner race. Recently, I’ve been planning on getting in touch with the Tiger-headed race. If we can get a partnership with them, we won’t be worrying about where to sell our goods later.”

Zhao Hai nodded, the Tiger-headed Race and the Lion-headed Race are considered to be the Royal Races of the Beastmen. These two races have innumerable amounts of subordinate and slave races under them. Because of how much excess manpower they have, they can fully devote themselves into improving their fighting strength. Because of this, they have become leagues stronger than the other Beastman races. Adding on to the fact that these two races were very rich, Zhao Hai wouldn’t worry about not selling his goods anymore.





* * *


  












Chapter 523 – The State of the Human Merchants

Zhao Hai was very satisfied with Ah Tai’s work ethic. This may be because of his personality. It explains why he was able to thrive here in the Prairie. He also heard from Ah Tai that he was able to make many friends among the Beastmen.

But Zhao Hai kept calm, he knew that since the Beastmen were getting ready to fight the Humans, the chances of Ah Tai’s plan with the Tiger Race succeeding wouldn’t be big.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything since he didn’t want to dampen Ah Tai’s enthusiasm. It wouldn’t be good for Ah Tai, if he doesn’t have a spirited attitude, he wouldn’t have a lot of Beastman Friends.

After eating their meal, Zhao Hai and the others didn’t leave. They entered one of the tents that Ah Tai arranged and rested. At the same time, Ah Tai’s wife also offered them some milk tea.

Although ordinary tea was available, milk tea was instead served. This was because since they had eaten meat, milk tea would be better for them. Another reason was because they were in the Prairie, ordinary tea was rare, Beastmen weren’t used to drinking it.

Zhao Hai had interacted with the Beastmen for quite a long time, so they were already used to drinking milk tea. Zhao Hai took a sip and sighed, “I didn’t have the opportunity to get a tea tree all this time. I really want to plant one in the Space.”

Laura smiled and said, “What’s wrong, Brother Hai? Do you really like to drink milk tea?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, and didn’t respond. He cannot tell Laura that he didn’t really like drinking milk tea. What he wanted was classic green tea.

Megan didn’t care about any of these, so she turned to Zhao Hai and asked, “Big Brother Hai, what do we do now? Now that Ah Tai told us that the war between the Humans and the Beastmen is about to start, do we stay here or





do we return to the continent?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Don’t worry, at this point the continent should be very chaotic. Father-In-law has already arranged to inform all of the people in the continent about the Radiant Church’s hand in the Prairie’s food shortage. And because of their move, the Beastmen are now planning its big attack on the Aksu Empire. All of Aksu Empire’s residents know that if the Beastmen wage war against humans, the Aksu Empire would be the first to suffer. The Radiant Church should have fallen in favor right now, but not to a point where they can’t control it. We can wait for a moment until we confirm that the Beastmen would indeed attack the Humans, then we can return back to the continent.”

Megan became confused, “Why would we return to the continent at that time?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Only when the situation starts would the continent go into turmoil. If we there at that time, there would a possibility for us to get some people. Don’t forget, we are friends with the Purcell Family and the Iksa Family. Their territories are bordering the Beastman Prairie. At that time, we can go to them and recruit some talented people into our territory.”

Laura smiled and said, “I’ve heard that the Purcell Family hasn’t been doing too well these times. When you helped them in the past, the Aksu Empire came to know about your relationship. Because of that, the Empire went and fully suppressed them. At the same time, your relationship with the Iksa Family has been revealed as well, which led to them also being suppressed. The two families have had it hard these past few months.”

Zhao Hai’s expression turned cold, then he snorted and said, “If the Aksu Empire didn’t do this, I might have helped them in this crisis, I might even prevent the Beastmen from attacking. But now, it seems like they needed to be taught a lesson.”

Laura and the others understood what Zhao Hai meant.





meant. Since he had a lot of Bread Trees as well as the Farming Ground, Zhao Hai can definitely provide food for the entire Beastman Race. If the Beastmen have food, then they would naturally stop their plan of pillaging the Human territories. Even if the Beastmen are hot blooded, they also know that wars bring death. They know that war wasn’t a good choice.

But Zhao Hai didn’t want to give the Beastmen a lot of food. He wanted this war to happen. Not only would the upcoming conflict deal a heavy blow to the Aksu Empire, it would also bring bigger trouble to the Radiant Church.

In the following days, Zhao Hai and the others stayed inside the store. He brought out some Bamboo Rice as well as some Bread Fruits and daily necessities. He stocked the store full of goods.

But restocking a shop wasn’t generally this fast. Not only the Magic Lily Shop, all other Human shops were also like this. Their shipments this time had gotten quite scarce, this made them very anxious.

When these Human merchants came to the Prairie, they didn’t know about the Beastmen’s food shortage. They also didn’t know that the Beastmen were going to attack the Humans. Because of this, they followed their usual practice and brought the same amount of goods to the Prairie once spring came. This was because they knew that this was the time where business with the Beastmen yielded great profits. It was the time when the Beastmen would crazily purchase goods to stock up because they had eaten their stores during the winter. If one brings some goods to sell at this time, they wouldn’t be worried of not making a profit.

But this year’s situation was different. When the Merchants came, business was doing great as usual. However, when information came that the Radiant Church was behind this time’s food shortage and that the Beastmen were going to send troops towards the Human territory, the sales volume of these Human Merchants dropped in a





in a single day. Right now, they weren’t able to make the same amount of transactions as they did in the past. With how low their profits came, these Human Merchants wished that they could just die.

These merchants knew that if the Beastmen attack Human lands, their goods would be left unsold. This was because as long as Beastmen pillaged the Human territories, they would have enough food in their hands to merit not buying anymore.

And these Human Merchants have brought a lot of things to the Prairie this time. But now, the goods would have to rot here because they knew that they would probably be driven out once the war starts. It would be impossible for them to bring those goods back to the Human lands, they don’t have any choice than to just leave them here.

But even if the Beastmen didn’t touch the things that they left behind because of their principle, once they leave, nobody would take care of their goods. Before long, those things would slowly get damage, this was equal to losing everything.

Zhao Hai had also seen the situation during these past few days. He knew that the merchants had been bleeding money at this time. He was also certain that these people didn’t have any relationship with the Radiant Church, they might even have an enmity with the organization. Otherwise, the Church should’ve already informed them, making them avoid jumping into this fiery pit.

Upon thinking about it, Zhao Hai understood another aspect of the Radiant Church’s plan. If the Radiant Church succeeds and has all the blame shifted to the Rosen Empire, these merchants would detest the Empire. And when the Church emerged and the Merchants discovered that those affiliated to the organization didn’t suffer any losses, they would be joining the Radiant Church. When that happens, the Church would then control the Merchants in the Prairie. They would then have a bargaining piece against the Beastmen. The Church’s plan was truly brilliant.

If not for Zhao Hai foiling the church’s

foiling the church’s plan, then both the Rosen Empire and the Beastmen wouldn’t have any good days.

But now that Zhao Hai was aware of the Church’s plan, he naturally wouldn’t let them succeed. Zhao Hai observed these merchants for several days. The Merchants have reached a point where they were just left grasping on straws. They cannot bring their goods back, but they couldn’t sell it as well. The only reason why they haven’t left Beast God City yet was because they can still make one or two transactions each day. They hoped to sell as much as possible to minimize their losses. They only planned to leave once the Beastmen started to drive them out.

This gave Zhao Hai see an opportunity. He can buy the goods of these Merchants since they’re going to be abandoned anyway. If he buy these things, he would be solving the Merchants’ greatest problem. He can also form a good relationship with these Merchants. They would then be grateful to him and they might even affect the Radiant Church’s relationships with other merchants, preventing the food shortage from happening again.

After thinking of this, Zhao Hai immediately told his plan to Laura. Regarding business matters, Zhao Hai always wanted to hear Laura’s opinion. Laura’s gift of commerce was something that no normal person had.

After Laura heard Zhao Hai’s idea, she immediately gave her approval, she also thought that this was a good plan. Upon arriving at their decision, they quickly had Ah Tai go out and see those Merchants as well as see their bottom line.

Ah Tai’s nickname was Silly Ah Tai. Because of this, the other merchants’ vigilance towards him was very low. Adding Ah Tai’s careless appearance to the formula made the merchants even less on guard. It didn’t take a long time before Ah Tai managed to get their bottom line.

The requests of the Merchants weren’t high. In their opinion, they already lost out. If they can just recover a little bit of their capital, then they would be happy.





* * *


  












Chapter 524 – Alliance

After knowing the bottom line of the merchants, Zhao Hai decided that he would buy all of their goods. Of course, he wouldn’t buy them at a high price. He would make the merchants lose a little. However, even with this, he expects that the merchants would still feel grateful to him.

This even also gave Zhao Hai more understanding regarding the Beastmen. When the Beastmen declares war with the Humans, they would drive all of these merchants away. In this case, the Humans would generally leave their goods behind. Then the beastman can then choose whether to take those or not.

But according to the past convention, the Beastmen wouldn’t touch these commodities, they will just leave those to rot. In order to survive, Beastmen would take their weapons and attack the Human lands, however, they wouldn’t touch these left over merchandise in Beast God City. This was one of the strange and respectable aspect of the Beastman Race.

Zhao Hai also knew that if the Beastmen does expel the Human merchants, then the merchants would surely suffer big.

The majority of Beastmen tribes do their trades with Magic Beasts. The Humans would bring their goods to the Prairie to have it traded with some Magic Beasts of which were then taken back to human lands to be processed. The markup from this process would be the merchant’s main source of profit.

If the Beastmen drives them away, then that would mean that the war is already near. If they bring the Magic Beasts, then they would find it difficult to cross the Human border. Even if they did pass through, the money that they would shell out will be very big, it can even be several times more than normal. As the matter stands, it would be very disadvantageous for them. One could even say that during this war between the Beastmen and the Humans, it would be the Merchants who didn’t know of the matter that would be losing a lot of money.

Because of this, Zhao Hai planned to trade with these humans using money. Presently, he has a lot of money in his hands. He even had some unnamed crystal cards, these cards have not been used so far. There really aren’t a lot of





places where Zhao Hai can spend money, so he decided to spend them here with the Human Merchants. After all, it was the Human Merchants that use crystal cards the most.

Zhao Hai had been in Beast God City for nearly ten days now. And during these ten days, rumors about the Radiant Church and the food shortage have finally started to spread throughout the city. Moreover, it was known that the Lion and Tiger Races had already confirmed the authenticity of this news. The Beastmen were now officially starting to prepare for their attack towards the Human territories.

But even if the information had already been passed on, the Beastmen from Beast God City still didn’t drive the Human Merchants away. This basically means that the Beastmen still hasn’t decided when their attack would begin. However, everybody knew that it would be happening sooner rather than later.

Right now, the Human Merchants in Beast God City were feeling like they were ants inside a hot pot. They knew that the time the Beastmen left for them was running out.

At this time, Zhao Hai made his move. He made Ah Tai invite the Human Merchants to Magic Lily Store. Then he made Laura and the others prepare some food while Zhao Hai discussed transaction to the Humans present.

Before long, the Merchants had followed Ah Tai to Magic Lily Shop. They actually didn’t care about Ah Tai, but they didn’t dare to not give Zhao Hai face.

Zhao Hai was the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, he was already very famous among Humans. Naturally, this fame was due to his mercilessness and ruthlessness.

These merchants knew that the people that died on Zhao Hai’s hands had already reached several hundred thousand. Just thinking about the numbers made their scalp numb. Since Zhao Hai invited them, they didn’t dare to not go. However, everyone was frightened. They didn’t know why Zhao Hai was looking for them.

These merchants followed Ah Tai towards the shop’s courtyard. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai was standing there while waiting for them to arrive. When he saw the merchants, Zhao Hai immediately stepped forwards to meet everybody. He gave a bow to the Merchants and said, “Zhao Hai Buda welcomes you.”

ZHao Hai checked, these merchants were medium level nobles of the continent. They couldn’t rely





rely on Great nobles and were naturally unaffiliated with the Radiant Church. Zhao Hai invited them in to propose an alliance.

The statuses of these merchants were very different from Zhao Hai’s. They didn’t dare accept Zhao Hai’s bow, so everyone almost simultaneously gave a bow back.

Zhao Hai looked at their faces and faintly smiled, “I’ve been in Beast God City for ten days already. However, because of the matters that I needed to handle, I only had the time to invite all of you today. I’ve been very disrespectful. I’ve invited everyone today to gain better understanding of each other. After all, everyone of us are merchants of this city.”

Although these merchants had heard of Zhao Hai’s name and actions before, they didn’t have a chance to meet him in person. In all honesty, with their status in the continent, they don’t have the qualifications to meet Zhao Hai.

Because of this, they didn’t understand Zhao Hai and what kind of person he was. To the people present, Zhao Hai was a Dark Mage that killed several hundred thousand people. In their minds, Zhao Hai’s image was that of a gloomy and murderous man.

However, the Zhao Hai that they saw this time was completely opposite of their expectations. Although Zhao Hai looked very ordinary, he had a warm smile plastered on his face. At the same time, his body’s aura dispersed an amiable aura, making people unconsciously feel intimate towards him.

These Merchants were now thinking that this Zhao Hai must be an impostor. How could a God of Death, capable of killing countless people, have this kind of warm smile? This was a huge contrast to what these merchants expected, making them dumbfounded.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about their reactions, he just smiled faintly and said, “Everyone, please come in. I’ve prepared some liquor for you all. I invite all of you to have a few cups with me.”

The merchants recovered, then after quickly expressing their gratitude they entered the tent with Zhao Hai .There were also some food present inside. Naturally, the most important course was Sister-in-law’s barbecue.

Now that everything was prepared, Zhao Hai invited the merchants to sit down. Ah Tai sat down as well. Naturally, Laura and the others weren’t present. Humans and Beastmen were different, after all.





after all. If Laura and the others were present, these merchants would probably feel uncomfortable. Not only them, the women might also feel some discomfort.

After having everybody settled down, Ah Tai went on and personally poured them a glass of liquor. This liquor was naturally red wine and not the milk wine that the Beastmen generally serve.

After having the wine, Zhao Hao held his glass up and said, “Meeting everyone here in the Beastman Prairie is a happy matter. We’re all fellow humans, we should help each other in the future. Everyone, share this cup with me.”

The statuses of these Merchants weren’t very high. Therefore, they hadn’t been able to have any contacts with people of Zhao Hai’s status. In their opinion, Zhao Hai was someone that they weren’t able to meet casually.

Therefore, when these merchants saw that Zhao Hai was speaking with them in a friendly manner as well as eating a meal together with them and even proposing a toast. Every one of them felt very excited, so they immediately held their glasses up.

Then they simultaneously drank the wine. Then Zhao Hai didn’t urge them to drink anymore, he then got them to eat the dishes. He invited them to eat the barbecue as well as the vegetables that were prepared. Zhao Hai was now in the company of Humans, not Beastmen. If he urged them to drink three glasses, they might get angry.

Although Zhao Hai’s status was higher than these people, he didn’t have any enmity with them so he didn’t want to create it unnecessary. At the same time, it wouldn’t be good to his plan of alliance if they felt any dislike towards him..

After some time eating and feeling somewhat full, Zhao Hai said, “Today, I’ve invited all of you because I have a matter to discuss.”

These Merchants knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t ask them to eat a meal for no reason. Sure enough, it came. They had waited for this moment to arrive, therefore, they weren’t surprised when Zhao Hai brought it up. They just gave Zhao Hai a curious expression.

Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Are you having a bad time right now? The Beastmen and the Humans are going to have a war soon. I’m afraid it wouldn’t take a long

take a long time before the Beastmen drives everybody back to Human lands. When that time comes, everybody would probably suffer a loss.”

When these Merchants heard Zhao Hai, they faces immediately turned gloomy. They knew that what Zhao Hai said was correct. But they also knew that they cannot do anything about it.

Zhao Hai continued, “I think that everybody already knew why they fell into such a situation. I can tell everyone here that the rumors that you’ve been hearing are all real. This matter was caused by the Radiant Church. They wanted to deal with the Rosen Empire using this method while at the same time dealing the the Beastmen as well. In the end, all of you have become sacrificial victims. In the eyes of the Church, all of you are unimportant people, not worth reminding. Moreover, they also used you to hinder the Beastmen.”

The Merchants might appear calm while listening, but one could see deep anger in their eyes. Looking at their expressions, Zhao Hai knew that this was the time to express his intent, so he continued, “Everybody knows my identity. You also know about my enmity with the Radiant Church. But me telling you this information wasn’t to defile the church. This matter would be confirmed by the Beastmen sooner. I had everybody come today in order to present a proposal. I want everyone here to join me in an alliance.”

When the Merchants heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but stare blankly. Everyone of them were puzzled at Zhao Hai. They seem to not understand what Zhao Hai just said. Alliance? With Zhao Hai’s strength, does he really need an alliance with them?

Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “You’ve seen the strength of the Radiant Church. They gave an order and then so many merchants suddenly stopped their trade with the Beastmen. It is obvious that their influence is very huge. After the war, the Radiant Church may use those merchants to rule the commerce of the Prairie. If we don’t make an alliance, how can we possibly resist them? They won’t sell food to the Prairie today, but what would happen if they suddenly drop the prices one day? What can we do? Because of this, I wanted to set up an alliance!”





* * *


  












Chapter 525 – Vassal

The merchants present knew what Zhao Hai meant. They knew that what he said was true. After the war between the Beastmen and the Radiant Church, those merchants controlled by the Radiant Church would definitely return to do business in the Prairie. The merchants present also knew that the commercial might of those people would be very strong, this was because they have the Radiant Church’s support.

As Zhao Hai said, these Radiant Church people cannot be allowed to sell their food in the Prairie. If they decide to cut their prices, everyone not on their group would certainly suffer some losses.

But if their alliance get set up, they would become a power that couldn’t be underestimated. Most importantly, these merchants can use this alliance as a way to have a connection with the Buda Clan. Even if they cannot do business in the Prairie anymore, they can just shift their operations on the Buda Clan’s Golden Island. The island now embodied its name, as long as merchants do business there, they would certainly gain massive wealth. Moreover, that place was much safer than the Beastman Prairie.

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and didn’t say anything. He wanted to give these merchants a choice. He believes that since these people were able to to do business with the Beastmen, especially in Beast God City, these people certainly understood the situation.

Sure enough, the merchants looked at each other for a moment and then nodded. Then one of them turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, we agree to the alliance. Sir shall be the leader of our group. What rules does sir have?”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled, he didn’t think that these people would be this surprisingly calm. He quickly answered them and said, “Actually, our corporation is completely a business alliance. I only hope that everyone would share information with one another. Also if one has goods with no buyer while someone has a buyer but with no goods, I hope that you would cooperate with each other. This way, the two parties would benefits from the profits. Naturally, the split of the money would depend on your prior agreements. Also, if someone wanted to deal with one of us, I hope that everyone would help in resisting. This way, we can become stronger and stronger. Does everyone agree?”

When the Merchants heard what Zhao Hai said, they all bowed. They now believed that Zhao Hai really did want to form an alliance with them. The question of the man earlier was just in fact, a test. They wanted to see whether Zhao Hai just wanted to have benefits in the alliance. Now it seems like Zhao Hai was not just trying to gain benefits, he really did want everyone to help one another.

The merchant earlier





held his wine glass up and said, “Alright, we’ll do what mister asks. Mister, my name is Milton Curry, from the Curry Family. What name would our alliance have?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “A name isn’t important, let’s just call it Merchant Alliance. Everyone shall introduce each other later. I also hope that our alliance won’t just be here in the Prairie. When we return to the Human Lands, let’s still be allies. If one has difficulties, everyone should do everything in their abilities to help. Can everyone accept this?:”

The merchants looked each other and then nodded. Milton then turned to Zhao Hai and said, “We accept. The establishment of this alliance only gives us benefits with no harm. But we’re afraid that mister would have to suffer some losses. After all, our families aren’t very great.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “That doesn’t matter. The alliance’s benefits to my Buda Clan aren’t small either. Everybody should know that our Buda Clan is still an emerging family. Our connections simply cannot compare to the other Great Clans. Forming an alliance with you is also a form of having new connections. For our Buda Clan, this benefit is very big.”

When Milton heard Zhao Hai, his beating hard finally relaxed. In the end, Milton lifted his glass and said, “Sir can rest assured. Later on, our Curry Family will be considered to be a vassal family of the Buda Clan. If mister wants something done, you can just approach us.”

Zhao Hai stared blankly, he didn’t think that Million would actually declare this. While Zhao Hai was still dumbfounded, the other people also raised their glasses and one by one said the same thing as Milton. These people are all Patriarchs of medium-ranked Families, so they also had the authority to declare so.

Zhao Hai didn’t quite understand why they did this. If one becomes a vassal, a lot of control would be lost. At the very least, they wouldn’t be making decisions just like this one anymore.

Actually, this shows how Zhao Hai still didn’t understand the circumstances in the continent. On the continent, all Great Nobles have their own vassal families. Although those vassal families needed to listen to the Great Nobles, they would also benefit a lot from being a vassal. They can have the Great Noble take care of problems that they weren’t able to take care of. For medium-rank families, this was a huge thing.

Although the Buda Clan was still an emerging family, the strength that they have was tyrannical. Additionally, Zhao Hai was the son-in-law of the Calci Family as well as the Rosen Emperor, also the Buda Clan is in an Eternal Alliance with the Crook Family, while also being normal allies with the Shelley Family. These connections were something that middle-ranked Noble clans like Milton’s didn’t have.





have. Now that they have the opportunity, they naturally wouldn’t let it go.

Zhao Hai looked at Milton and the others and said, “Alright, I’ll take all of you in. From now on, all of you are vassals of my Buda Clan.”

Milton and the others showed happiness in their face. The benefits that they just received were too great. The merchants immediately put down their glasses as they stood up and gave Zhao Hai a salute. From this point on, they were now Zhao Hai’s men.

Zhao Hai also received their salute. He was now a half-lord for Milton and the others, so he naturally would receive their ceremonies. After this ceremony, Milton and the others were officially his subordinates.

After Milton and the others gave their salute, Zhao Hai had them sit down, then after this he said, “I won’t always be in the Prairie. If you have anything to inquire, you can just find Ah Tai. Then he shall relay your words to me. Right, I have another matter to discuss with all of you.”

Milton immediately said, “Mister, please tell us.”

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “I don’t need anything from you, I want to help you instead. All of you brought a lot of goods this time since you didn’t know about what would happen. When the Beastmen drives all of you away, those goods would all go to waste. I want to buy all of your goods. Of course, I won’t buy them at a high price. You may take a few losses, but it wouldn’t be a lot. Also, I will use crystal cards in the transaction, not Magic Beasts. What do all of you think?”

Milton stared, then with evident happiness, he replied, “Sir, that’s fantastic. We absolutely agree. However, wouldn’t mister lose too much?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Didn’t you see the three flags outside the tent? With those flags, the Beastmen wouldn’t be driving me away.”

Milton and the others stared, they didn’t know the significance of those three flags. The only thing they knew was that they were Beastman flags. They also have Beastman flags, but they would still be driven away.

Zhao Hai looked at their confused expressions and couldn’t help but gawk. Then he suddenly remembered that there weren’t a lot of people who knew about the different Beastman flags. Thus, it was also possible that Milton and the others had no idea about them.

Zhao Hai then looked at Milton and the others and said, “Those flags aren’t the same as your flags. I’m very sure that the Beastmen wouldn’t drive me away, so you can all just sell those goods to me. Rest assured, I won’t let you suffer too much loss.”

Milton and the others nodded, they felt that a huge stone in their hearts has finally dropped. They were now very grateful





very grateful to Zhao Hai. It was because if Zhao Hai didn’t do this, then their losses would definitely be huge.

When he saw that Milton and the others nodded, Zhao Hai smiled and invited them to sit down again. Then he took out some milk wine that he made and placed it on the table.

This was the first time that these people had tasted this kind of liquor. Their status was insufficient, and adding on to the fact that this liquor was quite rare, they simply didn’t have the chance to taste it.

The meal lasted for a couple of hours before the group dispersed. After the meal, Zhao Hai instructed Ah Tai to go to those merchants and check the purchase before giving them the money. This would allow the merchants to leave Beast God City as soon as possible.

The merchants already knew about this matter, so they didn’t oppose to it. In all honesty, if it weren’t for them wanting to sell as much as possible to recoup their losses, they would have already left the Prairie. The war between the Beastmen and the Humans was inevitable. They would only get in danger if they stay here for too long.

They had no choice but to stay, the majority of them rely on the profits of these goods to run their families. If they couldn’t at least recover their capital, then they would have a bad time in the future.

Zhao Hai and the others had already decided on the price beforehand. Although the price was much cheaper than selling to the Beastmen, it wasn’t pitifully low. Even if they suffer some losses, the merchants were still satisfied. Amidst the situation between the Beastmen and Humans, this result was already fortunate for them.

Zhao Hai returned to his own tent and then drank several cups of Spatial water. Then he told the matter of vassalage to Laura and the others.

After the group listened, Laura smiled and told Zhao Hai, “Although we’ll suffer a few losses after having them as our vassals, this development is good for the overall situation of the Buda Clan. Having vassal families is good.”

Megan nodded and said, “Those guys had it cheap. Raising this matter at that moment made it impossible for Brother Hai to decline. Those guys are surely some sly fellows.”

Lizzy smiled and said, “I think they also saw that Elder Brother Hai was acting too well, so they wanted to ask that question to test him. They actually didn’t expect Brother Hai to agree immediately, those guys are really lucky.”

Zhao Hai looked at the three awkwardly, he really couldn’t understand. It was clear that it was the Buda Clan who got vassals. But from Laura and the others’ mouths, it seems like the merchants had gotten something good.

Laura knew that Zhao Hai didn’t know much about

know much about Noble matters, so she took the liberty to explain it to him. A medium-ranked noble being a vassal to a Great Noble wasn’t a shameful thing. On the contrary, it was a good thing. After becoming a vassal, these clans would be able to do some things easier than when they were still independent.

Moreover, if someone offends them later, they can also ask the Great Clan to act on their behalf. Being a vassal was like being under a Great Noble’s umbrella of protection. Benefits such as these are very hard to find.

Don’t think that these medium-ranked nobles had such beautiful lives. In reality, they always find themselves stepping on the tip of their toes, especially those who weren’t vassals of Great Noble Clans. These medium-ranked nobles always move carefully because they fear offending the Great Nobles. If they ever offend one, then they might face the fate of being extinguished. Because of those reasons, these medium-ranked nobles were always careful and cautious in everything they do.

But most of them didn’t have any good qualities that would attract Great Nobles. Even if they voluntarily side themselves to a Great Noble Clan, it wasn’t always certain that they would be accepted. Now that Zhao Hai had them in his fold, this was equal to having a strong power at their back. Although they will now need to offer yearly tributes to the Buda Clan to appease Zhao Hai, the benefits that they will get completely overshadowed it.

After listening to Laura’s explanation, Zhao Hai finally understood the matter. However, he didn’t regret his decision of accepting Milton and the others. He knew that the present connections of the Buda Clan were pitifully low. All of their information came from the Calci Family, which made Zhao Hai very passive. Now that he had Milton and the others, the Buda Clan can now have its own intelligence network. Handling matters in the future would be much more convenient.

Zhao Hai wasn’t a person who wants to be under the control of others. Therefore, he doesn’t want to always depend on the Calci Family for information. This would make the Buda Clan always bow their heads down to the Calci Family and Zhao Hai doesn’t want that. So Zhao Hai planned to establish his own influence.

And Milton and the others were going to help him achieve his goals. Although Milton and the others weren’t strong families, these people came from different parts of the Continent. As long as they have the support of the Buda Clan, they can only get stronger and stronger. Then, they can slowly form their own net of influence of which the Buda Clan was in the very center. With this, the Buda Clan would also start to get bigger and bigger, and will slowly get stronger and stronger.





* * *


  












Chapter 526 – Eviction

The Buda Clan has already established its might in the continent because of Zhao Hai’s effort as well as the Space. However, when it came to personal connections, they couldn’t even compare to low-ranked nobles families. The Buda Clan’s background was just too thin.

Currently, the connections that the Buda Clan had include: the Calci Family, Crook Family, Rosen Imperial Clan, Shelley Family, Purcell Family, and the Iksa Family.

But one has to know that these families were already very powerful. Even the Iksa Family, they have the title of a Duke. Although they aren’t a Grand Duke’s family and had their own principality, they were still Old Nobles of the Aksu Empire. The help that Zhao Hai can get from them was not very much.

Because of this, Zhao Hai wanted to establish his own circle of influence. And Milton and the others gave him this opportunity.

All of the Great Clans in the continent had their own personal web of influence. This web was something that their clans have woven for many years. Since the Buda Clan didn’t have such a web, Zhao Hai had began to weave it right now.

Therefore, Zhao Hai placed great importance towards Milton and the others. No matter what, it was these people who voluntarily sided themselves to the Buda Clan. So Zhao Hai decided to help them out as much as possible.

In the following days, all of the Human merchants who participated in Zhao Hai’s banquet had shipped their goods to Magic Lily Shop. At the same time, Zhao Hai also took out those unmarked crystal cards and handed them over to the merchants.

These merchants understood that if they return to the human lands while carrying either Magic beasts or coins, they would surely fork some of them out on the road. But if they have these crystal cards, they can just place them on their pockets. And when they come across a checkpoint, they can just choose to not declare its existence.

Because of this, the merchants were very grateful to Zhao Hai. If it wasn’t for Zhao Hai, they would suffer huge losses. At this point, the situation in Beast God City was not getting intense, it was time for them to leave. After handing their good over to Zhao Hai, they immediately left Beast God City.

When these merchants left, Beast God City became somewhat desolate. This made the other merchants who were still there scared. Therefore,





they also decided to leave.

The merchants that Zhao Hai invited to his banquet were thoroughly investigated by him. These merchants were from medium-ranked families that didn’t have a lot of background. They didn’t have any connections to a Great Clan, nor did they have a relationship with a Noble affiliated with the Radiant Church. Those who didn’t fit into this criteria weren’t invited by Zhao Hai.

When the Radiant Church implemented their plan, they didn’t inform the Great Clans beforehand. Therefore, since these Great Nobles had no idea, they also sent their merchants over to the Prairie.

At the same time, there were also merchants affiliated with the Radiant Church present. But they were in the minority. They only came because they were sent by the Radiant Church to monitor the situation with the Beastmen.

When Zhao Hai went to investigate the prospective nobles that he wanted to invite, he checked them very carefully. He asked Cai’er to carefully look into their backgrounds as well as the situation of their families. He wanted to make sure that they wouldn’t have any connections to either Great Nobles or the Radiant Church. If there’s a hint of the two criteria on them, then Zhao Hai didn’t go and send an invitation.

But even so, the group that allied with Zhao Hai weren’t the minority. At the same time, these merchants also have a lot of shops outside the city. So when they left, they caused unrest towards the other merchants who were left behind. Moreover, as days passed, more and more Beastmen came to Beast God City, and their gazes were going less and less friendly. A lot of merchants have already retreated, especially those with Great Noble backing, they can still afford the loss. Those who still stayed were also preparing their things to leave.

Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t let this opportunity go. He immediately had Ah Tai go and contact these people and made them sell their goods over to him. And of course, the price that he bought wasn’t as good as what he gave Milton’s group.

These merchants knew that Zhao Hai was using the fire in order to get their goods. However, they had no choice but to agree. At the very least, they can still recover some of their losses. If they don’t agree with Zhao Hai, then they’d be left with no money.

And Zhao Hai would pay them using crystal cards. These cards aren’t very rare in





in human lands, but in the Prairie, they were uncommon. For those merchants, these crystal cards were very attractive.

Every merchant who came to the Prairie to do business wasn’t a fool. They knew very well how cost-effective crystal cards were compared to bringing along large amounts of Argali. After Milton and the others left, Zhao Hai’s business became better. Everyday, more and more merchants came to Zhao Hai to sell their goods.

The prices that these goods were sold at were much lower than their selling price in the Human lands. Since Zhao Hai had a lot of spare cash in hand, then he would naturally jump on this opportunity to get cheap goods.

A month after Zhao Hai arrived in Beast God City, the Beastmen finally issued their expulsion order. Ordering all Human merchants to leave Beast God City within three days, otherwise, the Beastmen would become impolite.

With the issuance of this order, the Human Merchants knew that it was the end. In the past, they chose to not sell their goods over to Zhao Hai, but now they were very anxious. All of them immediately sold every goods they have over to Zhao Hai at a very low price. Then after receiving the money, they immediately left.

The Beastmen in Beast God City had seen Zhao Hai’s conduct, but they didn’t say anything. In all honesty, the Beastmen didn’t hate these merchants who bring their goods over to the Prairie. Because of this, they chose to not attack them, and instead just drove them away.

On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s three flags made the Beastmen very shocked. This was the first time that they have seen a Human bearing a Beastman tribe’s King’s Flag as well as a Friendship Flag.

Three days later, no other Human was present in Beast God City aside from Zhao Hai’s group. This made the Beastmen look at Zhao Hai and the others strangely. It was very much like when Humans notice a very strange creature among them.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about any of these. The reason why he stayed this time was to wait for Wales and the Black Bear Tribe to arrive in Beast God City.

Wales and the others didn’t let Zhao Hai wait for too long. Ten days after all of the Humans left Beast God city, the Black Bear Tribe arrived.

When Zhao Hai heard that the Black Bear tribe had come, he immediately went to greet them at the gate





the gate of Beast God City. While waiting on the gate, Zhao Hai saw a cavalry unit in the distance. When Zhao Hai focused his eyes, he could see that all of the cavalry were mounted Black Bear Beastmen. Their numbers reached 30 thousand, and their movements were filled with great cadence. This cavalry unit completely blotted out the ground, making it black. This scene could make one feel overwhelmed.

However, this cavalry unit didn’t enter Beast God City but stopped just around five li away. Only a few hundred Beastmen separated and continued on to the city. Before long, the group arrived in front of the city gates.

From this group, Zhao Hai can recognize the Black Bear Patriarch as well as Lieben. At this time Lieben was holding a flag in one hand, this was the war flag of the Black Bear Tribe.

Zhao Hai quietly stood on his place as he observed the group gradually slowing down. As soon as the Black Bear Patriarch arrived at the city’s gates, Zhao Hai immediately stepped forward and offered his greetings, “Zhao Hai has met the Black Bear Patriarch.”

The Black Bear Patriarch went down from his mount and stretched out his arms before grasping Zhao Hai’s shoulders and saying, “I knew you wouldn’t leave. Hahaha. When I go finish what I need to do, I’ll go find you, let’s go have a drink.” Then he gently shook Zhao Hai before letting go.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then I’ll go prepare the food and drinks to welcome the arrival of the Patriarch.”

The Black Bear Patriarch nodded and said, “Alright. Little Hai, I still have matters to attend to. I’ll be leaving first, I’ll find you at your place later.” Then he turned around and rode his mount before heading towards the city. Zhao Hai also led Ah Tai to walk back to Magic Lily Shop.

At this time, Ah Tai was looking utterly shocked at Zhao Hai. His contact with the Beastmen wasn’t short, but he haven’t seen a Beastman being so warm towards a Human before. The Beastmen being good guests wasn’t false, but there were Beastmen who had been able to learn how to deal with Humans from a long period of being in contact with them. For example, if you want to do business with the Beastmen, you need to go visit them in their tribes and sell them the product there. You shouldn’t expect the Beastmen to take

Beastmen to take the initiative and come to you.

The Black Bear tribe was a big warring tribe. And they had been in contact with Humans for a long time. However, with how they were deceived by a human in the past, they were one of the more hostile Beastmen when interacting with Humans. It was virtually impossible for these Black Bears to be able to warm up to a Human.

Ah Tai can also be considered to be one of those humans who had been able to make transactions with the Black Bears. When the Black Bear Beastmen make transactions, they would always be on guard, as though they were talking to a thief. Very much unlike today, where the Black Bear Patriarch hugged Zhao Hai while at the same time taking the initiative to invite him for a drink.

It was at this point that Ah Tai understood that Zhao Hai’s flags should be special. No wonder the Beastmen didn’t expel them while all of the other Humans were driven out. None of them even went close to Magic Lily Store during the expulsion. At the same time, many Beastmen also came to greet him, and their attitudes were very enthusiastic.

When Zhao Hai and Ah Tai returned to the store, Zhao Hai immediately instructed Laura and the others to prepare something to eat. At the same time, Zhao Hai had also put out some seafood for them to prepare. He wanted the Black Bear Patriarch to be surprised by his display so that he could get entertained.

Ah Tai’s family were not very used to Zhao Hai’s mystical methods. They also helped Zhao Hai prepare everything while they waited for the Black Bear Patriarch’s arrival.

While they were preparing, a clamour was heard outside. Zhao Hai went out to take a look only to see the Black Bear Beastmen. The Black Bear Patriarch led ten other Black Bears as well as Lieben to Zhao Hai’s Magic Lily Shop.

Zhao Hai immediately invited the Black bear Patriarch and Lieben’s group to the store’s back courtyard. After they entered the tent, Ah Tai immediately served each of them some milk tea.

After the Black Bear patriarch took a sip of the tea, he smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you’ve been having a great time recently. I’ve heard about how you bought all of the goods from the other Merchants. What are you planning to do? Sell them at a high price for profit?”





* * *


  












Chapter 527 – Crazy Aksu Empire

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Not really, I just think that those goods would be wasted when the Merchants leave. You Beastmen won’t touch those things, so they can only rot here over time. Since it’s a pity, I bought them. Then when the war ends, then wouldn’t it be good if I’ll sell them to the tribes for a low price? Those things wouldn’t be wasted, I would get some profits, and the Beastmen benefit.”

The Black Bear Patriarch nodded and said, “That’s good, Hahaha. Kid, the things you do really makes me smile. We Beastmen benefit a lot from it.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s natural. I’m considered to be Half-Beastman right now. So of course I wouldn’t cheat you. Patriarch, please come in, I’ve prepared some food and drinks inside.”

The Black Bear Patriarch nodded, then followed Zhao Hai inside. In addition to the seafood, Zhao Hai also had sister-in-law’s barbecue prepared.

There were no words to be said regarding Sister-in-law’s barbecue because it was simply too good. But the seafood was something else. Even if the Black Bear Patriarch has been the leader of the Black Bear Tribe for a long time, he hasn’t been able to eat seafood before, so he was happy to eat this meal.

Zhao Hai didn’t ask about what the Black Bear tribe were planning to do since these were possibly the Beastmen’s military secret. If he asks these types of questions, the Black Bear Patriarch might get suspicious of him.

Zhao Hai heard that the Black Bear patriarch has been fooled by a Human before. Because of this, he became even more distrustful of the Humans. Even to Zhao Hai, there were some times where he didn’t trust him.

When the Black Bear Patriarch took his leave, Zhao Hai prepared to receive Wales and the others. When he meets Wales, then he would return to the Human territories.

The second day after the Black Bear tribe arrived, the Prairie Wolves came. Zhao Hai received them as well.

This made Ah Tai startled again, he knew about the reputation of the Prairie Wolves. He couldn’t believe that Zhao Hai would become friends with them.

Even if he





wasn’t as polite as the Black Bear Patriarch, the Old Wolf King still had a friendly chat with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai also invited the Old Wolf King over for a meal.

Naturally, in these two occasions, Zhao Hai didn’t serve ordinary Milk Wine, he used his own distilled milk wine. This made the Beastmen very surprised, they have drank Milk Wine for all their lives, but they didn’t think that Milk Wine would become this delicious.

Four days after the arrival of the Prairie Wolves, Wales and Buzeer came. The relationship between the two tribes were good, and since the distance from their camps were also quite far from the city, the two decided to come together. Zhao Hai naturally didn’t have anything to say about this, he just went and invited them over for a drink.

What surprised Zhao Hai this time was Buzeer going to him and handing their race’s friendship flag over.

The Beastmen in the City were now looking at Zhao Hai with strange looks. These Beastmen didn’t understand how Zhao Hai, a human, was able to have such a good relationship with their race, especially towards the Dog and Cow-headed race. Seeing how they interact with each other would make one think that they were the same as a family. This really made the Beastmen confused.

In the coming days, Beastman tribe upon Beastman tribe continuously arrived at Beast God City. But what they did was the same as the Black Bears. All of them were left outside while their Patriarchs entered the city.

Although they were cooped up inside the city, Zhao Hai can clearly see every action that they did through the monitor.

The reason why these Beastmen tribes came here and discussed their military plans was because the some Warring Races have their bases here. These were the Lion-headed race, Tiger-headed race, and the Fox-headed Race. Because these royal tribes resided in the City, all the other Beastmen decided to convene their forces here in order to have a common point.

Even if these royal tribes reside in the city, their main camp was in another place. Because of their status, having their main base in the Beastman Race’s holy city would





would startle the other Beastmen. Therefore, they decided to have their camp elsewhere in order to avoid chaos.

After Wales and the others arrived, Zhao Hai welcomed them and then prepared to leave Beast God City. At this point, the Beastmen already knew that there were friendship flags of the Black Bear Tribe and the Dog-headed Race shown in front of Magic Lily Shop, so nobody went to disturb the place. When Zhao Hai left, he also took those flags away with him.

Then in front of the Beastmen, Zhao Hai called over his Blood Hawks before riding them and then shot straight into the sky. This surprised a lot of Beastmen. They didn’t expect that the Humans would already have their own aerial mounts. For the Beastmen, this wasn’t good news.

When he reached a place beyond the eyesights of the Beastmen, Zhao Hai and the others immediately flashed into the Space. Then from the Space, they went to to the Purcell Duchy.

The Purcell Duchy was in full preparation mode. They had already received the news that the Beastmen were getting ready to attack the Human lands. Moreover, this attack was not a small pillaging party. With how strong the full might of the Beastman Race was, the Purcell Family was not confident in resisting them.

Zhao Hai sat in his carriage as he calmly looked at the residents of the Purcell Duchy. Although the Duchy was fully prepared, Zhao Hao still felt strange. The Purcell Family had been in full defensive mode this time, however, Zhao Hai cannot see any other troop from the Aksu Empire. This situation is too unbelievable.

This move of the Beastmen wasn’t planned in secret. The Beastmen made sure to announce their attack, and a pretty large announcement at that. In that case, it was impossible for the Aksu Empire to be unaware of the situation. So why didn’t the armies of the other Nobles come to support the Purcell Duchy? Did they think that the Purcell Family can single handedly block the Beastmen army?

The location that Zhao Hai appeared in was a remote place in Casa City. At the same time, the carriage that he rode in was a very ordinary





very ordinary one, so no one noticed him.

People were starting to leave Casa City right now, but most of them were low-ranked nobles. They took their own belongings and had their entire families leave the City. At the same time, the commoners of the city stayed put. This was because they didn’t know where to go if they left.

Almost all of the commoners’ properties were inside Casa City. If they leave the city, they would become refugees who had nothing. When they arrive at other cities, they would have nowhere to live. And if they didn’t starve to death, they would still become slaves.

The commoners were hoping that the Duchy’s army would be able to drive the Beastmen away. However, they didn’t know that this feat was almost impossible to achieve.

When Zhao Hai arrived at the Grand Duke’s mansion, he immediately had Shun send a letter. In his trip to the Prairie this time, Zhao Hai didn’t bring Shue and Shun. Instead, he left them at Iron Mountain Fort and instructed them to help Green prepare the place. This was because Zhao Hai was planning to receive some refugees into the Black Wasteland.

However, when Zhao Hai went to Casa City, he immediately called Shun and Shue over. If Zhao Hai didn’t have the two, then he wouldn’t have someone in hand and things would be very inconvenient.

After Shun delivered the letter, it didn’t take a long time before the mansion’s housekeeper came out and invited Zhao Hai to enter through the back door.

When Zhao Hai arrived at inside the mansion and went out of his carriage, Evan was already waiting to welcome him. Evan walked towards Zhao Hai and laughed, “Great, Little Hai. You really are a good kid. The Buda Clan is now at the height of its power, you’re actually making Uncle envious.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Uncle is too polite. Rest assured, I’m not only here to see how the Beastman attack the border.”

When Evan heard Zhao Hai, his smiling face immediately vanished. He turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Let’s go in and talk in the living room.” Then he welcomed Zhao Hai inside and sat with him in

with him in the living room. He also had a servant serve them some tea. At the same time, a guard was present to guard the door.

After sitting down, Evan sighed and said, “My Purcell Family is done. I’m afraid that we’re already doomed.”

Zhao Hai knit his eyebrows and said, “Uncle Evan. When I came here, I noticed that some nobles are fleeing. At the same time, I didn’t see any other armies beside yours. Did the Aksu Empire decide to not support you?”

Even answered through clenched jaws, “Don’t talk about those bastards with me. Ever since the time you helped me, those bastards of the Aksu Empire started to embarrass me, but I endured. This time, when I received information about the Beastman attack, I sent over a letter to the capital, asking for support. But I didn’t expect those bastards to decline. They told me that the Empire has been short on supply and assembling an army would take a long time. They said that if the Beastmen attack before the reinforcements arrive, then I would have to continue resisting. They are basically telling me to drive my heart straight into a Beastman sword. Those bastards aren’t humans.”

Zhao Hai frowned, he didn’t expect that the Aksu Empire would actually do this. Are they really going to play around with an Empire’s subject’s life? Why would they do this?

Zhao Hai frowned and then looked at Evan, “Uncle Evan, did they really say that? Do they not know that the Beastmen are planning to ravage the Aksu Empire? Have they gone crazy?”

Evan sneered, “Since the continent knew, how could they not? The commoners outside now have a massive dislike towards the Radiant Church. However, those bastards at the capital still regard the Radiant Church as an honored guest. I even heard that some Noble Families were receiving priests of the church like how they receive Dukes.”

Zhao Hai cannot believe what he just heard. What was a priest? They were the lowest position in the Radiant Church. If they were compared to Noble titles, then they would be the lowest third-class Baron. Why would they receive priests as though they were Dukes? Are they insane?





* * *


  












Chapter 528 – Life Combustion

Looking at Zhao Hai’s expression, Evan couldn’t help but smile bitterly, “Can’t believe it? But that is the truth. This isn’t something found only in the capital as well, even here in the Purcell Family, there are people who completely devoted themselves to the church. These people have gone fanatical, they would even sacrifice everything that they have for the sake of the Radiant Church.”

Zhao Hai looked at Evan, he seemed to understand what was going on. These people were surely brainwashed by the Radiant Church.

Religion was a very fearful thing. It can make people do a lot of crazy things, Zhao Hai just didn’t think that the Radiant Church’s influence can go this far.

Evan looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and sighed, “Without the Empire’s support, how could our measly forces resist the Beastman attack? My Purcell Family is surely done after this event. But the most pitiful in this situation are the commoners, they will be the ones who will suffer the worst.”

Zhao Hai frowned, he knew how complex the present situation of the Purcell Family was. He can help these people from the city by taking them into the Black Wasteland. He can even take the entire Purcell Duchy with no problems. However, the trade-off would be his secret being exposed.

Most importantly, the current situation of the Purcell Family was even more complex than he had imagined. If the Purcell Family really did have some Radiant Church fanatics, then he cannot bring the family into the wasteland. It would be hard to say what the church can do to his territory. Even the might Beastman Race weren’t able to escape the movements of the church.

Evan looked at Zhao Hai and calmly said, “Little Hai, I only need to ask you for one thing. I want to have some members of the Purcell Family join you in returning to Golden Island. If our family can survive this crisis, then they can return. If we can’t, then I can only request you to take care of them for a couple of years so that the Purcell Family name can survive.”

Zhao Hai looked at Evan. He knew that Evan had already thought of the worst possible outcome. He wanted to leave a seed for the Purcell Family.

Zhao Hai didn’t decline, he nodded and said, “Alright, I can assure you of this. But Uncle, I also have one thing to ask. Can you check for me and see if there are people who are willing to leave with me to Golden Island? You should know that our Buda Clan is short on people right now. And if the Beastmen attack, these commoners would definitely be killed. But make sure that they are innocent and are not affiliated





with the Radiant Church.”

Evan nodded and said, “This is not a problem, I can arrange it. There are a lot of people who wants to leave right now, but they just don’t know where to go. They don’t have any means of survival in other cities, and may even be demoted into slaves. I don’t want them to see them like that, so I shall definitely help you with this matter.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then I’ll have to trouble Uncle Evan. I hope that you can take care of this matter as soon as possible. Just have them group up here while I go to see how the Iksa Family is doing.”

Evan nodded, “You should go see their situation as well. In consideration for you, the Iksa Family had been helping us as well. I heard that the Empire sent some troops over to their territory. However, it seems like the family was placed under house arrest.”

Zhao Hai stared, then his complexion changed, “Really? This bastard Aksu Empire, what do they want to do? Have they really become the puppet of the Radiant Church?”

Evan calmly replied, “It’s highly probable. If the Empire wasn’t, then how could the Empire act like this? This action is equal to offending all the Nobles. In the future, no Noble would listen to them.”

Zhao Hai sighed, he really couldn’t understand the Radiant Church. What was their purpose in doing this? Did they want to get the attention of the Royals? With the current situation, all of the Royals in the continent would be suppressing the Church.

After watching the sky, Zhao Hai stood up, then he turned to Evan and said, “Uncle Evan, since it’s still early, I’ll head to see the Iksa Family’s situation. I’m afraid that they’re currently in danger.”

Evan nodded, “Little Hai, you go leave from my family’s secret passage. I’ve already had few days to prepare, so you don’t have to worry too much about me. Go save the Iksa Family first.”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect Evan to allow him to use the Purcell Family’s secret passage. This was one of the Purcell Family’s greatest secret.

Zhao Hai understood Evan’s action, this was Evan’s way of telling him that he has his complete trust. However, Zhao Hai didn’t need the secret passage, he shook his head and said, “No need to use it. I have my own means.”

Evan knew that Zhao Hai has flying beasts, so he didn’t say anything. He nodded his head and escorted Zhao Hai to the door and to his carriage before it left the mansion.

After Zhao Hai entered his carriage, he immediately flashed into the Space and went to Laura and the others. Since the women are in the Space, they heard Evan and Zhao Hai’s





Hai’s conversation. Laura immediately turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, I just had Cai’er pay attention to the Iksa Family’s situation. The family is fine, but they are currently under house arrest. However, we didn’t receive any letters from the Blood Hawk.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he immediately got the monitor to display the Iksa Family’s situation. The Iksa Family’s mansion was surrounded with soldiers. Robert couldn’t do anything because he was trapped inside. Fernand’s situation wasn’t any better, he seemed to be beaten, his body looked like a damp sack.

Zhao Hai looked around and couldn’t see a shadow of a Blood Hawk, it might be possibly killed off. It seems like the Aksu Empire sent some 9th ranks to deal with the Iksa Family, otherwise they wouldn’t have been able to restrain it.

Moreover, the Iksa Family also had 9th rank experts, so if these experts haven’t been dealt with, then it would be impossible for the Iksa Family to be placed under house arrest.

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai immediately had Cai’er scan the place, looking for other 9th rank experts present. Ordinary people might not be able to spot a 9th rank expert, but Cai’er is different. Cai’er’s present strength was certainly greater than any 9th rank expert.

After some time, Cai’er finally found some 9th rank experts in Sarte City. Moreover, there were four of them. These four were placed in a position where they surrounded the Iksa Family mansions. Looking at the their appearances, it seems like all of them were from the Radiant Church.

Zhao Hai immediately looked at Bell’s situation. Bell’s people were also placed under house arrest. Zhao Hai knew that Bell might have been exposed, otherwise he wouldn’t be implicated in this event. It seems like the Radiant Church was really waiting for him.

Zhao Hao looked at the four 9th rank experts. The four of them doesn’t seem to have any special qualities, they weren’t any different from other 9th rank experts.

Knowing that he couldn’t wait for a long time, Zhao Hai immediately flashed and appeared inside Fernand’s room. Fernand’s current state was very miserable. His whole body was fully wrapped with bandages to the point where only his head was visible, of which was beaten black and blue. Even if his mother was taking care of him, it seems like nobody used Light Magic to heal him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be in such a pitiful state.

Fernand seems to be unconscious right now because he wasn’t making any movements in his bed. Zhao Hai looked at Fernand’s condition and couldn’t help but feel an aching in his heart. In truth, his time with Fernand wasn’t that long. Fernand was a playboy as well, someone whom he generally didn’t like. The two of them being





them being friends was something almost impossible.

However, fate moves in strange ways, even if the disposition of the two seem to be in conflict, they still became good friends in the end.

Zhao Hai arrived by Fernand’s bedside and whispered, “Brother Fernand, Brother Fernand. Can you hear me?”

Seeing that the person on the bed wasn’t replying, Zhao Hai immediately used Light Magic. Fernand’s face turned much better, then his eyelids moved slightly. When Zhao Hai saw this, he became happy as he said, “Brother Fernand. You’re awake.”

But it seems like Zhao Hai wasn’t noticed. Immediately after Zhao Hai talked, Fernand opened his eyes and then bellowed, “Bastards, my brother will come! He will certainly not let you off.”

Zhao Hai stared, Fernand froze as well. He stared at Zhao Hai for a moment before turning over on his bed and jumped off. He threw his weak body towards Zhao Hai and said, “Brother, why have you come just now? I’ve been bullied to death by those bastards.”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, he patted Fernand’s back and said, “It’s alright, Brother, no need cry. Since I came, I will surely take revenge for you.”

It was at this point that Fernand stopped weeping, he anxiously let go of Zhao Hai and said, “Brother, taking revenge isn’t a good idea. The other party has several 9th ranks, they managed to kill all of my family’s foreign elders. You need to leave quickly.”

At this time, a chilly voice was heard, “Leave? He couldn’t escape now.”

When he heard this sound, Fernand’s face paled, his expression was as though a disaster just happened. He looked at Zhao Hai and bitterly smiled, “Brother, it seems like you couldn’t get away now. The 9th rank has noticed you.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ve already seen a lot of 9th ranks. It’s alright, brother, you come with me. Let’s see how great this 9th rank expert really is.” Then he led Fernand out of the room.

Outside, Zhao Hai can see the four 9th ranks that Cai’er has spotted before. All of them flew over to the mansion and surrounded the small yard that Zhao Hai was in.

Zhao Hai just stood there and calmly looked at the four 9th rank experts before he sneered, “The Radiant Church really has a lot of good methods. They actually wouldn’t stop at anything just to deal with me.”

The 9th rank expert looked at Zhao Hai and nodded, “What you said is right. The Pope has given the order to execute you at all costs. The Radiant Church had already expended a lot of people in dealing with you, this time you will certainly die.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “It wasn’t yesterday that the Radiant Church had started to deal with me, yet

with me, yet I still lived. On the other hand, you have lost a lot of 9th ranks. This really makes me amazed at how much 9th rank experts your Radiant Church has.”

The 9th rank looked at Zhao Hai and coldly snorted, “No need to waste your breath. Zhao Hai, you are now our Radiant Church’s number one enemy. Until the day we eliminate you, my Radiant Church wouldn’t be peaceful. To eliminate you, we wouldn’t hesitate to bring it all. Our lives belong to the church, so we shall sacrifice our lives for the Church. Zhao Hai, you shall die today!”

Zhao Hai laughed, “Not necessarily. Do you really think that 9th ranks can kill me? Who do you think you are?”

The 9th rank snorted, “Without perfect preparations, how can we dare to kill you? Do you really think that the Church is clueless about your secrets? Zhao Hai, it’s time for you to die.” Then several lights came out of the hands of the 9th ranks as they shot into the four corners of the mansion.

Zhao Hai stared as the lights fell before it formed a dome around the mansion.

Zhao Hai didn’t care, he can just ask Cai’er to return him to the Space. This transparent dome was unable to touch him.

From his speculation, this dome should be some kind of Magical Formation. It seems like the Radiant Church wanted to deal with him using this formation. Zhao Hai didn’t move, he just stood there and looked curiously at the 9th rank experts.

The 9th ranks were whispering words as though they were doing incantations in the sky. While they were murmuring words, one could visibly see their faces slowly turn wrinkly.

When Zhao Hai saw this, his expression changed. He knew that these 9th ranks are consuming their Life Force, it seems like they were prepared to sacrifice their lives with this move.

Zhao Hai looked all around and then turned his head to the dumbfounded Fernand and said, “Brother, immediately inform your family to gather by my side. The Radiant Church is using a strange Magic.”

Fernand stared, he didn’t care about anything that Zhao Hai said in the end as he immediately said, “Alright!” Then he ran towards the mansion.

But it seems like the wrinkling of these 9th ranks were getting faster and faster until their faces turned pale white. The sense of crisis that Zhao Hai felt was getting more and more pronounced. It seems like these four people aren’t simply 9th ranks of the Radiant Church.

These four should have a special method in order to collaboratively use this strange Magic. This Magic should be very formidable, and the Magic Formation surely wasn’t a simple one. It seems like it would be impossible to break this dome from the inside.





* * *


  












Chapter 529 – Two Choices

Zhao Hai calmly looked at the 9th rank experts as they were quickly getting older. One must know that a 9th rank expert’s lifespan was very long. Moreover, from what Zhao Hai saw of their appearance, these 9th ranks can still live for a long time, at the very least 3500 years.

Now they were growing old so fast that it would seem like they were riding a fast car which is running on the road of time. It was as if the time around them were 100 or 1000 times more than normal people.

Zhao Hai’s expression stayed calm, his body beneath his clothes had now turned into crystal. He fully trusted the Space, and since it said that his body would become unbreakable upon crystallization, Zhao Hai chose to directly face these four 9th rank experts.

Since the beginning, Zhao Hai had always indirectly battled his opponents. Besides the time when he fought Terry, Zhao Hai had always been in the back, casting spells and summoning undead.

This has something to do with his character. He just doesn’t want to directly fight, he thinks that the way that Mages fight was the safest.

But now was not the time to do that, if he entered the Space at this moment, then his secret would have been exposed. In addition, he was still in the Iksa Family mansion, if he entered the Space, he would be putting the Iksa Family in peril.

Although the Space possessed marvelous abilities, it cannot forcibly absorb mindful beings. Therefore, Zhao Hai can only stand there and wait for Fernand to bring his family to his side then have them transported into the Space.

At the same time, ever since Zhao Hai was able to crystallize, his mind changed a little bit. He wanted to try how strong his body was. Even if he cannot withstand this attack, he still had Cai’er and the Space. As long as Fernand’s family is in the Space, he can confidently and boldly accept this strike.

Naturally, the attack of the opposite party still needed to be prepared





for quite some time. But Fernand wasn’t stupid, he knew that every second counts. The other members of the Iksa Family aren’t stupid either, when they saw what the 9th ranks were doing, they immediately knew what kind of attack it was.

They were very clear about how powerful 9th rank experts were. Although the Iksa Family still had their secret passage, this passage can only be a decoration in front of a 9th rank expert. After Fernand shouted, all of them immediately convened to Zhao Hai’s location.

Zhao Hai didn’t have the time to be polite with them, he immediately issued a heads-up, “In a while I’m going to send you to a strange place. But don’t worry, some people would be there to receive you. So don’t get too startled.” Then Fernand and the others made an effort to nod.

Robert’s influence in the Iksa Family was very high, so when he shouted at the crowd, they immediately calmed down. One must know that the Iksa Family had a lot of members. It was a miracle to be able to shut them up in a short period of time.

Zhao Hai carefully observed the four 9th rank experts. The lives of these four were soon coming to an end. The wrinkles on their faces started overlapping, the hair on their head were starting to fall, old people spots were starting to appear, even their teeth were falling off.

However, they still didn’t stop chanting their incantations. It was as though they didn’t have any idea of what was happening to their bodies.

Then Zhao Hai turned his attention to the Iksa Family. Seeing that they were prepared, he immediately brought all of them into the Space.

And just as Zhao Hai sent the Iksa Family to the Space, the four 9th rank experts said their last syllable. Then all of them violently shook before turning into a mist of blood. After then, something appeared on the skies, it seems like there was another sun that appeared. It looked very bright and terrifying.

The light seemed to be like an Energy Ball from a





a certain novel that Zhao Hai had read back on earth. The ball of light crashed into the mansion. But how strong was this ball of light? Zhao Hai didn’t have time to think about this as the attack collided with his head.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai’s entire body has now been crystallized. Zhao Hai felt the light hit his head and then his clothes vanishing. It was not only his clothes, the building in his surroundings has been eradicated. The ground, the cyan stones were gone, no need to say about the plants. Everything around him completely vanished.

Zhao Hai just stood there without entering the Space. This was because the ball of light hadn’t been able to damage his current body.

And also, he didn’t dare open a spatial crack to enter the Space. Even though he wasn’t affected at all, Zhao Hai felt how formidable this attack was. If this ball of light were to penetrate the crack and enter the Space, Zhao Hai didn’t know what would happen to the people inside. And he didn’t want to dare take the risk.

Since this ball of light couldn’t harm him, it was much better for him to stay outside. But Zhao Hai didn’t know that while he stayed outside, Laura and the others were very anxious for him inside the Space.

Zhao Hai made Laura and the others receive the Iksa Family. The Iksa Family had now reached its end, they can only depend upon the Buda Clan to survive. Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of the family betraying him. Moreover, since he was planning to transport the family to Iron Mountain Fort, even if they knew his secrets, it would be impossible for them to pass it on.

When the Iksa Family initially entered the Space, all of them were somewhat anxious. But when they saw Laura and the others, they calmed down. But even if the Space’s villa was huge, it can just barely fit 100 people, so it was impossible for the entire Iksa Family to be accommodated there. Laura asked them to rest first before they





before they can be transported to Iron Mountain Fort.

At this time, what Laura and the others were worrying about was the situation outside. Therefore, after they invited Robert into the villa, they surrounded the monitor and looked at the situation outside.

But it was unfortunate for them that the screen was entirely white, they couldn’t see anything. After the light vanished, the scene made Laura and the others breathe in a cold air.

The City Lord’s mansion has completely been wiped off the map, they couldn’t see a single piece left. In the original location of the mansion, a giant hole was left. This hole looked like a crater that a meteor had created, it had a depth of 30 meters.

What made Laura and the others uneasy was the fact that they couldn’t see Zhao Hai in that crater. Zhao Hai didn’t even leave behind a shadow.

When Laura and the others were about to panic, Zhao Hai suddenly walked in from outside. But he already had his clothes changed, what he had on was now an ordinary Mage’s Robe.

Seeing Zhao Hai come, Laura and the others relaxed. Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t intend to be missing. But since his clothes were fully gone, he cannot just appear naked inside the villa and be seen by the Iksa Family, he wasn’t an exhibitionist. Therefore, after he entered the Space, the changed his clothes first before entering the villa.

When he entered the villa, he was immediately welcomed by Laura and the others. They looked at his left and right to see that he was really alright.

Seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “I’m fine, no need to be worried. But Laura, I’m sorry for destroying the clothes that you gave me.”

After he said that, Laura didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, “Who cares about the clothes. As long as you’re fine, it’s alright. Go see Uncle Robert quickly, I don’t think his mood is fine.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he entered the villa’s living room. Robert and Fernand were waiting for him there, when they saw him, they immediately stood up.

Zhao Hai

stood up.

Zhao Hai gave Robert a salute and then asked them to sit down, “Uncle Robert, from what I can see with the situation, there was no way for the Iksa Family to return to the Aksu Empire.”

Robert smiled bitterly, “I already thought up to this point. Ever since our Foreign Elders were killed, I knew our Iksa Family is finished. To be honest, if not for you appearing, our Iksa Family might have gone extinct. Not matter what, I must thank you, Little Hai.”

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Uncle Robert, you’re too polite. If not because of me, your Iksa Family wouldn’t have been implicated with this situation. Since you came here, I will be clear to you. This place is our Buda Clan’s greatest secret. Nobody except members of my Buda Clan knew about it, even my father-in-laws don’t know about this. Now that the Iksa Family know about it, I can tell you that it would be impossible for you to go back.”

Robert nodded. As soon as he entered the Space, he felt the difference inside. He was also a Mage, so he was sensitive to energy. He can feel how active the energy inside was, and it was also quite rich, many folds compared to outside. This place was certainly not a simple one.

Zhao Hai looked at Robert and said, “Uncle Robert, I can only give you two choices. First, you’ll go to the Black Wasteland. I’ll tell you, the poisonous mist in the wasteland was made by me. The Black Wasteland is where the root of our Buda Clan was established. The Milk Wine that we drank before was made there, we also have other factories in that place. In there, you will have absolute security. Moreover, I’m also prepared to buy a massive amount of slaves. If you settle down in the Black Wasteland, I can have the capable people of the Iksa Family help me manage them.”

Robert nodded, he thought that this choice was good, but he wonders what Zhao Hai’s second choice was. So he asked, “The second choice?”





* * *


  












Chapter 530 – Robert’s Shock

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The second choice is to go to Golden Island. That place is also the Buda Clans’ territory. After you head there, you can do administrative work for the Island. But to make sure that you don’t pass on some information, I will have to make undeads watch over your day to day lives.”

Robert knitted his brows. He clearly knew what Zhao Hai meant, they cannot expose the existence of this place. Therefore, if they go to Golden island, they would always have an undead right beside them and they wouldn’t have anything to say about this matter.

If they go to the Black Wasteland, there’s no need for the undead. This was because the wasteland was a completely closed off environment, it was impossible for outsiders to come in, while Zhao Hai wouldn’t easily allow the people inside to go out. So if they go there, they can move very freely without being monitored.

On the other hand, Golden Island has contact with the outside world. Although the Iksa Family was now on its low point, Robert was still hoping that they can still show their faces to the continent. This would make the people know that the Iksa Family survived, that they still exist.

However, being monitored everyday was very uncomfortable. Robert was now having a hard time making up his mind, he didn’t know how to handle this matter.

Looking at Robert’s appearance, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Uncle Robert doesn’t need to worry about this right now. I shall first take you to the Black Wasteland later, you can slowly deliberate your decision there. If you decide to stay there, I wouldn’t oppose. And if you decide to go to Golden Island, I will certainly bring you there.”

Robert nodded, this matter needed to be thought through properly. He cannot stay in the Space for a long time. So after Zhao Hai talked about this matter to Robert, he immediately sent the family into the Black Wasteland.

Robert was now certain that the Space was Zhao Hai’s magical property. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be





able to transfer people everywhere.

There are a lot of people in the Iksa Family but they can definitely be accommodated inside Iron Mountain Fort. Moreover, when they arrived at the fort, Robert and the others were shocked. They didn’t think that the legendary barn hills and untamed rivers of the Black Wasteland would have such a beautiful castle. Moreover, this castle has been producing some of the continent’s highly sought after products.

Robert was surprised because the Black Wasteland was already considered to be the continent’s most mysterious place by the Nobles. He didn’t expect the the Buda Clan would have their roots here.

It didn’t take a long time before Robert came to like the place. Most of the people here have marks of slaves, however, they weren’t slaves anymore. There were Beastmen here as well, but these Beastmen were strangely full of hospitality and friendliness.

Most importantly, Robert can notice a certain kind of thing within these people. They were all full of vigor, as though they were working hard to have a better life. This kind of vigor was rarely seen in the continent.

When Robert heard Zhao Hai say that the Black Wasteland had been transformed, and that all of the lands can now be cultivated, Robert was once again shocked.

Robert was the Patriarch of the Iksa Family, a well-known family of the continent. Therefore, he had full understanding with regards to the Black Wasteland.

The Black Wasteland was the continent’s biggest plain. Although it was placed in the north, and can only be cultivated on one season, it was an undeniable fact that if the Black Wasteland were to gain an ability to grow crops, it would certainly be the continent’s largest granary.

If not because of this, the continent wouldn’t have spent a lot of time and energy to research the wasteland. This was because its topography was fantastic. Once one was able to grow crops here, their influence in the continent would certainly soar.

What Robert didn’t expect was that the place where the continent had spent a long time on researching was solved by Zhao Hai this easily. Robert





Robert now understood why Zhao Hai didn’t make Golden Island the Buda Clan’s main base. Golden Island was an important hub for maritime trade, it can certainly bring a lot of profit to the Buda CLan. But compared to the Black Wasteland, the island was still a long way off. You can’t always exchange food with money, but you can always exchange money with food.

After knowing that the Black Wasteland can now grow some crops, Robert almost immediately decided to stay here.

The Black Wasteland was very huge, one could definitely establish their own nation here. With the continual rise of the Buda Clan, the development of the Black Wasteland would become better and better. If the Iksa Clan can be an influential family in the Black Wasteland, their reappearance in the future would be much better.

Robert knew that it would be impossible for the Buda Clan to hide the existence of the Black Wasteland forever. So people of the continent would surely know of the wasteland’s situation in the future. Therefore, the Iksa Family can still show their faces to the continent, only this time quite beautifully.

But Robert also knew that this matter wouldn’t be easy. After all, the Iksa Family had been enjoying their place in the continent. With how desolate the Black Wasteland seemed, he was afraid that his family members wouldn’t be able to get used to it.

Although Robert was the Patriarch, he cannot just ignore the thoughts of his family members. He wasn’t a dictator, he needed to listen to the words of the family elders.

On the other hand, Zhao Hai was hoping that Robert’s family would decide to stay inside the Black Wasteland. Compared to Golden Island, the Black Wasteland needed managerial talents more.

After all, the Iksa Family was also a Great Clan in the past. Although there weren’t a lot of people who came this time, Zhao Hai knew that those present were the elite members of the family.

The plan of the Radiant Church this time was very simple. Since they want to eliminate the Iksa Family, then they surely wouldn’t let their elites off.





elites off. They wanted to sacrifice the lives of four of their 9th rank experts in order to achieve their goal of extinguishing both Zhao Hai and the Iksa Family. Exterminating a Great Clan was both easy and hard. There were two ways of doing so; First, it was to kill all of their 9th rank experts, this way they’ll lose their power backing. The second was to kill all of their elites. This would inhibit the growth of the family, and would thus vanish in the future.

The Radiant Church chose to use the two methods to deal with the Iksa Family. They killed the family’s 9th rank expert first, then concentrated their effort of eliminating the elites along with Zhao Hai. Therefore, even if there weren’t a lot of people who came with Zhao Hai, all of them were elites of the family. As long as they learn a bit, they would become independent managers. This would be a huge benefit to the Black Wasteland’s development.

Because Zhao Hai had such intentions, he decided to show Robert and the others the Black Wasteland first. He believed that if they saw the Black Wasteland, they would certainly feel attracted to it.

Obviously, he succeeded, Robert was moved. The current Black Wasteland cannot be considered to be on the same level as Golden Island. However, since it can now be cultivated, its potential was endless. For Robert and the Iksa Family, being in the Black Wasteland was much more attractive than being in Golden Island.

On Golden Island, they would be safe, yes, but what can they do then? On Golden Island, they can only become a Merchant Clan at most. If they wanted to regain their former glory, it would be impossible to accomplish it in the island.

For Robert, this was unacceptable. They were a Great Clan in Aksu Empire, with a name renowned in the Continent. How could they be comfortable with being a rich Merchant Clan? Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to show them the Black Wasteland’s potential, and have them tie their family to the Buda Clan’s chariot.

Zhao Hai also asked Robert if

asked Robert if they needed anything right now. After all, Iron Mountain Fort cannot be compared to their past situation.

But Robert told him that they were alright They already have some daily necessities, and they were eating and drinking properly as well. The only thing they were unfamiliar with was the lack of contact with the outside world.

Zhao Hai didn’t ask Robert to bring the Iksa Family’s properties out. Such words can only make Robert misunderstand and make him think that Zhao Hai wanted to swallow the Iksa Family.

After settling the Iksa Family down, Zhao Hai returned to the Iksa Family’s territory. He wanted to see how Bell was doing. Bell’s identity might have been exposed, so he cannot stay here. In any case, Bell can also be considered to be one of the powers of the Iksa Family, the Radiant Church wouldn’t certainly let him off.

Zhao Hai’s fight with the 9th rank experts caused quite a stir. Sarte City was now under martial law.

Zhao Hai turned his attention to the state of Bell’s Family. Presently, the family had vanished from Sarte City. It seems like Bell was already ready to leave, but with the 9th rank experts, he cannot leave. Now that the 9th ranks had died, he naturally fled immediately.

Seeing this situation, Zhao Hai felt relief. He believed in the escape route that Bell prepared, that man wasn’t a simple person.

Since nothing noteworthy was left to see in Sarte City, Zhao Hai left. He went to find Evan and told him about what happened to the Iksa Family. Then he had Evan release this information into the continent. He must make all of the Clans in the continent know about what happened to the Iksa Family. This was also another form of attack towards the Radiant Church.

What the Radiant Church had done was very excessive, they even had the Aksu Empire under their control. If Zhao Hai spread this information, the other countries in the continent would surely be on guard against the church. Zhao Hai wanted to see if the Radiant Church would still dare to act so rampant.





* * *


  












Chapter 531 – Evan’s Hesitation, Robert’s Decision

Evan still hasn’t received the information about the Iksa Family. After all, it just happened, if people died, it would be impossible for him to know.

After Zhao Hai returned to Casa City, he directly went to the City Lord’s Mansion. Evan didn’t expect Zhao Hai to come back this quickly. But he knew that Zhao Hai had a lot of secrets, so he just disregarded it and invited him over to the living room.

After they sat down, Zhao Hai told Evan everything regarding the happenings in the Iksa Domain. Evan was startled, he knew that even if the Iksa Family didn’t hold the title of Grand Duke, their might wasn’t much worse compared to the Purcell Duchy. But now, their clan was almost equal to being eliminated, the Radiant Church was truly ruthless.

After relaying the event, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately ask Evan to spread the information. He looked at Evan’s expression first. He knew that Evan cannot just leave his properties here. If he tells everything straight to Evan, even if he didn’t understand the choices, Zhao Hai was afraid that he would follow in the steps of the Iksa Family.

Zhao Hai hadn’t given up in drawing the Purcell Family into the Buda CLan. The Buda Clan badly needed talents right now. As the Clan gets bigger and bigger, the talents that it needed would also get more and more.

The Markey Family’s people were now helping to manage Golden Island. In addition to their prior businesses, not too many of them were free to help the Buda Clan.

The Buda Clan itself had a few number of people. But even if the Iksa Family were added to their numbers, don’t forget about the 100 thousand Beastman slaves that were still coming as well as the 100 thousand slaves that he bought from Carson City. With over 200 thousand slaves, how much people does the Clan need in order to manage them? The slaves who became citizens and can now write aren’t fit for the job, they still needed prior managerial skills. If the Purcell Family were to join, then their number of talents would surely increase.

However, the Purcell Family’s situation was much complex than the Iksa Family. The Radiant Church had already seeped into the Purcell Family. Therefore, even if Zhao Hai wanted to take them in, he still needed to be careful in doing so.

Evan had told Zhao Hai about the existence of Radiant Church fanatics inside the family. However, he didn’t tell Zhao Hai how he plans to deal with them, nor did he express his intention to. Maybe Evan wanted a way back if he cannot take the pressure.





He may look for the Radiant Church for help, so he decided to keep those people as insurance.

Zhao Hai told Evan about the Iksa Family’s situation because he wanted Evan to see what the Purcell Family might become. It was so that Evan wouldn’t dream of going to the Radiant Church in the future.

After Evan heard him, his expression changed. He didn’t think that the Radiant Church would be this ruthless. If the Radiant Church would deal with him the same way, what would happen to the Purcell Family?

Zhao Hai stayed silent, he just calmly sat there while looking at Evan. He wanted to know what Evan would do. Now that the pieces were laid down in front of Evan, Zhao Hai wanted to know which one the Purcell Family would choose, the Radiant Church or the Buda Clan.

Evan stayed silent for quite some time, he was deciding on a hard choice. He knew that if he chose the Buda Clan, then the Purcell Family would lose everything that they had in the Purcell Duchy. After then, the Purcell Family would become the vassals of the Buda Clan, this was not the best outcome.

But if he sided with the Radiant Church, then he was afraid that the Radiant Church might renege on their agreement. At that time, he would lose literally everything.

Most importantly, this matter wasn’t something that he could decide along. Even though the Purcell Duchy had undergone changes and he has now accumulated a lot of influence, he still needed to ask for the Elder Assembly’s opinion regarding their stance against the Radiant Church.

In truth, Zhao Hai was now disappointed with the Purcell Family. The way they handled matters was both overcautious and indecisive. Even if Zhao Hai had told them about what happened to the Iksa Family, they were still hesitating.

Evan clearly expressed his support for Zhao Hai since the beginning. But even if the Purcell Family supported Zhao Hai, they still left behind a leeway for themselves. They wanted to support two sides, which was utterly impossible.

Zhao Hai sighed inwardly, then with a serious tone, he said, “Uncle, I’ll be leaving this matter for you to think about. I won’t be disturbing you. I shall stay here for a couple of days, if you have any matter to tell me about, you can just go to Laura’s original place. As long as you go there, I will go and meet you.”

Evan didn’t expect Zhao Hai to leave, he wanted Zhao Hai to stay here. He didn’t know what to say right now and couldn’t open his mouth. In the end, he can only sigh and then escorted Zhao Hai out.

He also knew that for





for Zhao Hai to be able to bring the Buda Clan into this height in just one year, he surely had some fortuitous encounter. He wasn’t someone to be underestimated. Zhao Hai certainly knew about what was going on in his mind, therefore Zhao Hai wanted to leave.

Regarding this situation, Evan felt helpless. In his heart, he wanted to aid Zhao Hai. But as a Patriarch, he needed to compromise with the world. A matter that decides the family’s fate wasn’t something that he can just decide on his own.

After Zhao Hai boarded his carriage and left the City Lord’s Mansion, he found a desolate place and then flashed to the Space. He didn’t go to Iron Mountain Fort, he just stayed in the Space and looked at the responses of both the Iksa Family and the Purcell Family.

It was assured that the Iksa Family would side with Zhao Hai. From today’s events, they had lost all of their 9th rank experts. And with their enmity with the Radiant Church, it was impossible for them to return to the continent.

If they did return, then the Radiant Church wouldn’t even need to move. Other jealous Aksu Empire Nobles would certainly be interested in their properties and their lives.

Therefore, the choices that the Iksa Family needed to decide on was simple. It was either to stay in the Black Wasteland or to go to Golden Island.

Zhao Hai knew that the Iksa Family would want to convene in order to decide on this matter. He wanted to have a look about what the Iksa Family decided on.

On the other hand, Zhao Hai can almost correctly guess what the Purcell Family’s decision would be. The Elder’s Assembly still held great influence, their authority was too big. There were even times where Evan cannot do anything about it. And it would be impossible for these elders to discard all of the properties that the Purcell Family had accumulated just to side with the Buda Clan.

However, Zhao Hai still hoped that they would come up with a satisfactory response. So he wanted to pay attention to their decision.

Naturally, he couldn’t let those people take care of spreading the Iksa Family’s matter to the continent anymore. Therefore, the immediately wrote a letter and sent it over to Kun. Kun would then hand the letter off to Randolph and then in turn hand it over to the Rosen Emperor. With their combined efforts, it would only take a short time before this matter would be spread around the continent.

While Zhao Hai was thinking about this, the Iksa Family had truly gathered together and discussed what to do. Green was very good towards the Iksa Family, he handed





he handed a region of the fort for their own use. The place was still unoccupied, so the Iksa Family can use it in the meantime.

Robert was now accompanied with some core members of his family. Besides Robert, there were ten other people present, Fernand wasn’t qualified to participate in this meeting.

Robert looked at the eyes of those present and sadi, “Our Iksa Family had truly experienced a disaster. We’re almost to a point of being extinguished. It was fortunate that Little Hai was able to save us, allowing our further survival. But for Little Hai to save us, he had exposed the Buda Clan’s biggest secret. Leaving the Buda Clan would be impossible.”

The other people present weren’t surprised, they weren’t stupid. Even if Zhao Hai hadn’t told them about the Space, they can still guess what it was. Therefore, Robert’s words didn’t startle them, it was completely expected.

When Robert saw their expressions, he couldn’t help but nod. These people didn’t disappoint him, then he continued, “Little Hai has now given us two choices. First is to stay here, in the Black Wasteland. Second is to go to Golden Island. I want to hear everyone’s opinion.”

The people present looked at each other and then one of them said, “Patriarch, can’t our family divide our members between the Black Wasteland and Golden Island?”

Robert thought for a moment and said, “It should be possible. But from what I can see, our Iksa Family needs to have a focused direction. We can only look and see which situation is better for us.”

Then the elder who talked earlier said, “What is the difference between the two places? Now that we know about the Buda Clan’s secret, wouldn’t Zhao Hai have any methods to silence us? In that case, I think we need to consider those before deciding.”

Robert nodded and said, “Naturally there are. Everyone knows about the Black Wasteland. Once we enter the wasteland, then exiting would be difficult. Therefore, he can just leave us to freely live here, nobody would be monitoring us. Moreover, once Zhao Hai brings his slaves here, we can help him manage them. If we go to Golden Island, an undead would accompany us in order to ensure that the Buda Clan’s secret get exposed.”

The people in the room frowned and felt embarrassed, this matter was surely hard to decide on. Then the elder thought for a while before turning to Robert and said, “Patriarch, your opinion?” Then the other people also turned their attention to Robert, they wanted to hear his thoughts.

Robert wasn’t polite and directly said, “I want our family to focus on the Black Wasteland. The Black Wasteland might be inferior to the continent, but everyone

continent, but everyone here certainly knows what would happen if it were to be cultivated. With so much land, can the Buda Clan manage it alone? The Black Wasteland’s size is enough for it to be a country. If we help the Buda Clan set this country up, what do you all think will happen to our Iksa Family once the Black Wasteland get unraveled in the continent?”

As soon as the elders heard Robert, their eyes turned bright. They were smart people, the immediately understood what Robert meant. This outcome was much better than being protected. If the Buda Clan established their country in the future while the Iksa Family was their subordinate, the status that they would have would certainly not be small. Being a Grand Duke might not even be difficult to attain.

After seeing the expressions of these people, Robert continued, “Our situation would be different if we go to Golden Island. If we go there, our actions would be monitored. Even if Zhao Hai doesn’t deal with us, we would still be losing our freedom. Even if Golden Island was a big place as well, our family doesn’t have any 9th rank experts so we would still need to depend on the Buda Clan. In the end, even if we get rich, we can only be a Merchant Clan. Therefore, I wanted our Iksa Family to settle in the Black Wasteland.”

The elders nodded, they were convinced by Robert. Then Robert said, “Our Iksa Family isn’t the same as the original Iksa Family. If we want to reveal our faces again, we cannot leave the Buda Clan. Since we would be depending on the Buda Clan either way, why won’t we get power and prestige as well. Why would we only settle on being rich?”

The elder who spoke before nodded and said, “Just as the Patriarch said, I also believe that this is an opportunity for our Iksa Family. Even if our family had been doing beautifully in Aksu Empire, we still didn’t get our hands on the title of Grand Duke, we cannot establish our own Duchy. In my opinion, our time with the Aksu Empire has come to a dead end. But now that we have the opportunity to advance, we should grab into it. If the Buda Clan established their own country in the future, our Iksa Family would surely have a high position. Therefore, I completely agree with the Patriarch’s opinion. We should stay with the Buda Clan and help them develop the Black Wasteland fully.

The other Iksa Family elders nodded as well. This made Robert relax. Since the Iksa Family had decided on their future, they would now fully support the Buda Clan.





* * *


  












Chapter 532 – Angrily Rebukes

Zhao Hai calmly looked at the screen, he wasn’t surprised by the Iksa Family’s decision. He just didn’t expect the Iksa Family to fully dedicate themselves to the Buda Clan. They had fully become the Buda Clan’s vassals.

Most importantly, Robert and the others mentioned the founding of a country. To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t see himself establishing his own country. He just wanted the Black Wasteland to be a place of freedom, a place very different from the outside world.

But founding a nation? This idea didn’t fit with Zhao Hai. He had always regarded himself as a small person, with a nerd’s personality. He sometimes had a feeling of inferiority and low self confidence.

Even if he had his current status, he was still very careful, which was one of his shortcomings. With his current strength, even if he revealed the situation of the Black Wasteland, which power would dare to face him? As long as he reveals the Black Wasteland, more people in the continent would go and trust him. This would immediately solve the Buda Clan’s manpower problem.

However, Zhao Hai still prefers to be careful. He wanted to reveal it little by little. It’s nice to be cautious and sometimes timid. There are times when too much courage can cause a person’s downfall.

The words of the Iksa Family made Zhao Hai feel overwhelmed. He didn’t know which direction the Buda Clan would step into in the future. He just wants to develop the Black Wasteland for now. He didn’t even think about founding his own country.

Zhao Hai also knew that there were many things that compelled him to be what he is today. If there weren’t any outside factors, he may have even spent his days comfortably in the Space, along with his wives and family.

Laura and the others sat beside Zhao Hai, so they also heard the words of Robert and the others. They didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually make his own country, they knew Zhao Hai’s disposition very much. Zhao Hai wasn’t an overly ambitious person, everything





he does was only to done in order to improve the Buda Clan’s living conditions. And unlike people who were hell-bent on contending for the world’s supremacy, Zhao Hai was just a man who wanted to live comfortably. This point was already made clear to them long ago.

Seeing that Zhao Hai had not spoken for quite some time, Laura couldn’t help but talk to him, “Brother Hai, what are you thinking about?”

Zhao Hai turned his head to Laura and smiled bitterly, “I was thinking about Robert and the others’ words. I didn’t expect them to want me to establish my own country.”

Laura smiled, “In fact, the Iksa Family’s words are right. The Black Wasteland is very large and relatively closed off. It is entirely possible for us to establish our own country here. We talked about that before, do you remember?’

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “Laura, you know how unambitious I am. What I said before was just an analogy. I really didn’t intend to make my own country.”

Laura smiled, “I know, but Brother Hai, you should know that the Iksa Family was only willing to wholeheartedly side with us because they believed in the Buda Clan’s potential. In their minds, the Buda Clan would certainly establish a country in the future, and it would become the most formidable country in the continent. Because of that, they decided to join us. Brother Hai, there would be a lot more people who would throw themselves under us in the future. But if we don’t achieve the goals that they imagined, they would be disappointed with us.”

Zhao Hai frowned, to be honest, he didn’t like this idea. However, what Laura said was right, a lot of people wanted to follow the Buda Clan because they believed in the clan’s potential. If he didn’t express any ambition, he would be letting those people down.

Nobody wants to remain obscure, especially the Iksa Family, who were once a Great Family of the continent. They don’t want to hide forever. They will help the Buda Clan for one purpose, and that was to gain a





a higher title when the Buda Clan gets very strong. At that time, their reveal would be very spectacular.

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh, he nodded and said, “Right, we should think about this issue. In the future, the Buda Clan would have more and more members. It would come to a point where a Clan system wouldn’t be able to work. The only way forward is to establish our own country.”

Laura nodded, “But the country that we will build would be different from the others. It would be one that has our ideals and heart put into it.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Right, we should build one that would be our own. But this matter would have to wait, it still isn’t the right time. Moreover, establishing a nation needs huge investments. The Black Wasteland is still very empty, we still have a lot of things to do.”

Laura nodded, “Making a country isn’t easy. One problem that we have is the fact that Iron Mountain no longer produces Iron. We need to think of solutions for this thing.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “We do need to solve that. But we don’t need to be anxious about that right now. I think that the Iksa Family would also help us with this preparation.”

Laura nodded, then she turned her head to look at Megan and Lizzy and said, “Megan, Lizzy, what do you think?”

Megan and Lizzy looked at each other. To be honest, the two of them were very startled right now, they didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be discussing this matter. Establishing a country was a huge matter.

However, they still felt excited. They had never thought of establishing a country before. This idea was too crazy and too exciting!

Megan then said, “That’s good, great. We should make our own country. This idea is really good.”

Lizzy had the same sentiment, she couldn’t hide the excitement on her face as she nodded. Seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh inside, they didn’t know how difficult it was to make a country.

Zhao Hai slowly shook his





shook his head, he knew that this matter would be in the far too distant future. The Black Wasteland severely lacks people, making a country here would be impossible.

Zhao Hai changed the scene towards the Purcell Family. Then Zhao Hai became surprised because the Purcell Family didn’t meet inside their conference room, but in their living room instead. Elders weren’t the only people there, even Ruyen was participating as well as the other younger generations of the family.

The scene had been like this for quite a while. The room was in total chaos, the elders were talking while Evan had an ugly expression. It looks like the decision that they’d settled on wasn’t something that Zhao Hai would like.

Zhao Hai knit his brows, then he turned his head to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, what did they just discuss? ”

Cai’er replied, “Evan proposed that the Purcell Family should leave the Purcell Duchy behind and go with the Buda Clan. He said that it would be the best for the family if they were to re-establish themselves in Golden Island. However, the elders didn’t agree. What they wanted was to reconcile with the Radiant Church.”

Zhao Hai frowned, Cai’er continued, “The elders stated that the Purcell Family came to this point because they had helped us, making them have a falling out with the Radiant Church. If they didn’t help us in the past, they the Radiant Church wouldn’t have targeted them, and the Purcell Family would have no problems.”

At this time, a voice was suddenly heard. It was a woman’s voice, when Zhao Hai and the others turned their attention back to the monitor, they saw that it was Ruyen.

Ruyan stood up and said loudly, “All of you shut up! Did you hear what you just said? Reconcile with the Radiant Church? How would you do that? Don’t you know how the Radiant Church does things? If we rely on the Radiant Church, the final result would be them annexing our Purcell Family. Is that what you people want to see? Are you really from the Purcell Family?”

After Ruyen talked, an elder

talked, an elder coldly snorted and said, “Ruyen, I don’t think this is the place for you to talk. How can you be sure that the Radiant Church would annex our Purcell Family? And going to Golden Island? If we go there, we would be depending on the Buda Clan to survive, is that good? What? Do you also want to marry Zhao Hai? Stop dreaming, he’s now the Rosen Emperor’s son-in-law. He wouldn’t take a liking towards someone like you.”

The elder’s words made Ruyen pale, she was angry right now, “If Zhao Hai didn’t take care of the Radiant Church, we would have already been eliminated by Boris. But now, you wanted to rely on the enemy, you really have no courage. You are not worthy to be a person of the Purcell Family.”

Another elder talked, “Ruyen, speak cleanly. And who did you call an enemy? And how do you think we got this enemy? It’s because of Zhao Hai. If it weren’t because of Zhao Hai, then we wouldn’t be offending the Radiant Church. Then our Purcell Family wouldn’t have reached the point that we’re in today.”

Ruyen coldly snorted and said, “If it weren’t for Zhao Hai, would our Purcell Family survive from our previous food shortage? You remember how the food prices were supposed to inflate? Who do you think is behind all that? It’s Boris, he had always wanted to eliminate our Purcell Family since a long time ago. If it weren’t for Zhao Hai and Laura, then our Purcell Family would find it hard to survive that time. You fools, always living in your fantasies. Do you really expect the Radiant Church to help us? They just want an excuse to infiltrate our family and gain control. Even a fool can see it. But now you people really wanted this to happen, this is making me sad for the family.”

Zhao Hai stared at the fuming Ruyen. He didn’t expect Ruyen to take his side. But what she said was true, it seems like he had underestimated Ruyen, she’s actually not just a fragile vase.





* * *


  












Chapter 533 – The Final Decision

Laura was similarly surprised that she said, “I didn’t think that Ruyen would have that side of her. When I saw her before, she seemed like a fragile little miss.”

Zhao Hai didn’t say anything and just quietly stared at the screen. After Ruyen’s speech, the elders immediately went to refute. In any case, the elders only wanted one thing, and that was to reconcile with the Radiant Church and not to depend on the Buda Clan.

Seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh, “It looks like there has been no good result. It seems like the Purcell Family has finally come to an end.”

Just as Zhao Hai imagined, Evan wasn’t able to change the Elder Assembly’s final decision. When the elders and the others left, Ruyen remained and looked at her tired father, “Father, you should know that siding with the Radiant Church would mean the end of our Purcell Family. The Radiant Church has been doing well, they even have the Aksu Empire in their hands. However, this would also increase the vigilance of other nations. At this time, going to the Radiant Church’s side wouldn’t be a good idea.”

Evan sighed and said, “I also know about that, however, it’s useless. If the Elder’s Assembly is determined, even the Elder Origin Sword Saint wouldn’t be able to do anything about it. Alright, no need to talk about this. I’ll go talk to elder Origin Sword Saint about this. I’ll have him follow you and the younger generation to go towards Golden Island. You shall establish your branch of the Purcell Family there. No matter what happens in the Duchy, at the very least our Purcell Family can survive.”

Ruyen stared, she looked at Evan and said, “Father, isn’t this bad? We are still to young. Even if Elder Origin Sword Saint is with us, it would be very difficult for our family to recover again.”

Evan shook his head, “That’s the only thing we can do. No need to talk about this any longer, you go and leave.”

Ruyen couldn’t bear to look at Evan, so she turned around to leave. Evan sat alone in the room for quite some time. Then he sighed, stood up, and headed outside.

While looking at the screen, Zhao Hai





knew that Evan would certainly approach Origin Sword Saint. The Purcell Family had reached a point between life and death. Seeing from the elders’ reactions, it seems like they had already been bought by the Radiant Church. The reason why the Radiant Church wasn’t able to fully infiltrate the Purcell Family was Origin Sword Saint. The prestige of Origin Sword Saint was vastly renowned in the continent. Even if the Radiant Church were to send 4 or 5 9th ranks, they still wouldn’t be confident in stopping Origin Sword Saint from escaping.

The Radiant Church had already lost so much 9th rank experts. If they were to lose more in the Purcell Duchy, then it would be impossible for them to move any more freely. Therefore, they chose to buy out the Purcell Family’s elders.

Zhao Hai turned his head to Laura and the others then said, “It looks like it can only be like this. Cai’er, pay attention to the state of the Purcell Family. After they are ready, tell me and I’ll go pick them up. Let’s go see Uncle Robert.” Laura and the others nodded, then they went back to Iron Mountain Fort along with Zhao Hai.

The sky has already turned dark, but Iron Mountain Fort still stayed bright. It was because Cai’er emitted a faint light to illuminate the building. Therefore, even if it was already dark, people can still be seen walking around the castle.

Zhao Hao and the others directly went to the part of the fort where the Iksa Family were staying. Since this place was an old castle, there aren’t a lot of courtyards inside. Zhao Hai can only divide an area for the family to live in.

Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the part of the castle before long. When they were seen by a person from the Iksa Family, they were immediately led towards Robert’s room.

While inside his room, Robert received the notification that Zhao Hai was waiting outside. The two spoke briefly before they entered the living room.

After having sat down, Zhao Hai looked at Robert and said, “Uncle Robert, have you become familiar in living here? Do you have any other needs? You can just send your requests to Grandpa Green.”

Robert smiled and said, “I’ve already been familiarized with the





the place. This place is good, in fact, it is very good. If I told other people about the state of Iron Mountain Fort, I think that nobody would believe me.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That is good. I might get busy in the following days. I have already prepared to release your family’s demise to the entire continent, letting the people know about the Radiant Church’s ruthlessness. Uncle Robert, do you have any disagreements about this?”

Robert shook his head and said, “Why should I disagree? Go let the people in the continent know how terrible the Radiant Church is.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and said, “Rest assured, I wouldn’t make the Radiant Church have any better days. You should take a rest here in Iron Mountain Fort and get acquainted with what is happening here. If you want to go to Golden Island, then we need to wait until the situation outside calms down a bit. After that, I will have someone send you to the island.”

Robert shook his head and said, “Little Hai, no need. The family has already reached an agreement. Starting today, the Iksa Family would be a vassal of the Buda Clan. We are willing to help the clan in managing the Black Wasteland.”

Zhao Hai acted surprised as he stood up and said, “That’s fantastic. Thank you, Uncle Robert. Thank you so much. But I still hope to have some people in your family head to Golden Island and do business for your family. Or they can also help us manage the island. Do you agree?”

Robert looks at Zhao Hai and smiled faintly, “You don’t need to inquire me about this. We shall go send some of our members to do business as well as help you manage the island. In any case, Golden Island is after all a goose that lays golden eggs.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright, then that matter is decided. But you still need to rest here for a few days. I’ve already arranged for your stay, you don’t need to worry about anything. Right, since you’re staying in Iron Mountain Fort, you need to get acquainted to the place. I’ll tell Grandpa Green tomorrow and have him take you for a walk around the fort so that you can learn as much as





much as possible about the place.”

Robert nodded, “Alright, then I’ll be troubling Housekeeper Green.” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s not much of a trouble. Uncle Robert, I’ll be leaving first. I have something to discuss with Grandpa Green.” Robert nodded and then escorted Zhao Hai out.

After Zhao Hai got outside, he immediately returned to the Space and went to Golden Island. He must go see Kun and ask about the letter that was handed over to him.

Golden Island was now very prosperous. A lot of merchants were passing in and out of the harbor. With the amount of arrivals coming to the island, they were even compelled to make a new harbor.

Golden Island’s tax rate was very low, and pirates were also coming here to trade, which in turn attracted merchants. This situation showed that Zhao Hai’s initial strategy was correct. This freeport did indeed become very popular.

Kun was reviewing some documents at this time. Although he had the help of the Markey Family, he was still very busy. With the amount of things needed to be done in the island, it was evident that they still lacked manpower.

Zhao Hai wasn’t polite, he directly opened the door and walked in. When Kun saw Zhao Hai walk in, he immediately placed his pen down and laughed, “Little Hai, you returned. You really make this old man smile. Why did you come, you want me to take a rest?”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Can anybody work harder than you? With how you work, nobody would believe you if you say that you’re old. Laura has a lot of things to do as well, don’t even mention me.”

Kun snorted and said, “Don’t you dare deceive me. What do you guys really do? Forget it, don’t tell me. But you can’t forget about my state here. There’s a serious shortage of manpower here. We need to solve it as soon as possible.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Don’t worry, some people will come soon. I think you already know about the Iksa Family. Some of them will come to the island soon. You’ll be able to relax then.”

Kun released a breath of relief, “That’s good. I’ve been very exhausted these days. You might not know, but Golden Island now has more than 5 thousand shops. It’s

thousand shops. It’s already quite exhausting dealing with these shops. But there’s still the new roads that needed to be constructed, and there the new harbor as well. All of these thing really do make me tired.”

Zhao Hai smiled, he didn’t have anything to say about this matter. He can only continue, “Grandpa Kun, have you sent the letter to the Calci Family? This matter needs to be passed to the continent as soon as possible.”

Kun nodded and said, “I’ve already handed it over to the Calci Family, no need to worry about this. The Radiant Church had fully destroyed themselves this time. This information was enough to make all the Royals and Great Nobles hate them. It wouldn’t be too long before they collapse.”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “Not necessarily. Even if all that happened, the Radiant Church still had the Aksu Empire in their control. In the end, they can still preach inside the empire, that wouldn’t be necessarily bad for them. Even if the Nobles and commoners of the Aksu Empire objects in the future, the Church should have already acquired enough fanatics to not care about what happens.”

Kun nodded and said, “I really didn’t expect that the Aksu Empire would come under the control of the Radiant Church. The Church really has a lot of good methods. From what I can see with the Markey Family, if we hadn’t exterminated them, they would eventually fall into the Radiant Church’s hands.”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “The Radiant Church uses religion as a toll to control the people little by little. People would think that it was harmless at first, but when they finally notice, it would have already been too late.”

Kun nodded and said, “How about the Purcell Duchy, how is the situation there? Did the Beastmen already arrive? When will they attack?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It seems like the Purcell Family’s elders were already bought out. They fully resisted the idea of asking the Buda Clan for help. As for the Beastmen, I really don’t have any information. But I think it wouldn’t take a long time. After all, the Prairie is already out of food.”

Kun nodded then he said, “Right, is there any way to pull some people from the Purcell Family?”





* * *


  












Chapter 534 – Seeing Marriott

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “That would be very difficult. Now that the Aksu Empire is under the control of the Radiant Church, I suspect that they already have people inside the Purcell Family. If we were to get some of them, then it would be very likely that we would get some of the Radiant Church’s people as well.”

Kun frowned and said, “What should we do? Both the Golden Island and Black Wasteland is in badly need of people. If we miss this opportunity, where can we get people?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Grandpa Kun, don’t forget that war is approaching. In addition to the amount of dead, the number of slaves would increase as well. Their prices would be cheap because they aren’t trained. Additionally, I can also turn the deceased into undead and have them take command of the people in the wasteland. This should somewhat solve our problem with manpower.”

Kun sighed and said, “It looks like we can only do it like this. You have ordered 100 thousand of slaves before, but since the situation has become tense, I think the slave trader wouldn’t be able to send them any sooner.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “You don’t need to worry about this too much. After waiting for the war to settle, Brother Wales would be delivering 100 thousand slaves over to me. Moreover, I can also exchange some more slaves from the other Beastmen tribes. With those slaves, I think Black Wasteland would have no problems with numbers.”

Kun nodded, “I hope that happens. Right, Little Hai, a couple of days ago, a Slave Merchant approached me. He wants to make a shop in the island. What do you think?”

Kun knew that Zhao Hai didn’t have any favorable impressions towards Slave Merchants. Therefore, he wanted to ask Zhao Hai if he agrees. Zhao Hai thought for a moment before saying, “I agree. In any case, even if they don’t have a shop here, we still need to buy some slaves. If they have shops here, then that would make our lives much easier.”

Kun nodded, “Alright, I’ll go send the approval. What are you planning to do next? Will you go back home or would you visit the Purcell Duchy?”

Zhao Hai replied, “There aren’t a lot of matters to take care of back at home. I don’t need to take personal command as well. On the other hand, I needed to pay careful attention towards the Purcell Duchy. The family has prepared to have Origin Sword Saint escort their younger generation to come to Golden Island. I still need to receive them while at the same time see how the Purcell Family develops and understand the Radiant Church’s next move. The church is our biggest enemy, we have to pay close attention.”

Kun nodded, he also thinks that what Zhao Hai said was right. But he still frowned and said, “I





think monitoring them from the Space is enough, no need to personally go there. When the war between Humans and Beastmen comes, do not participate. If you do so, trading with the Beastmen would be more difficult in the future.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I will not only refrain from helping the Humans, I would even help the Beastmen instead. Since the Aksu Empire had become the Radiant Church’s, they certainly wouldn’t let their territory get ravaged by the Beastmen. Since it was definite that the Church would move, I don’t want the Beastmen to suffer a lot. The Beastmen hold grudges very seriously, if they lost too much, then I’m afraid they would wage war every year. And I can’t let the Radiant Church have that.”

Kun knit his brows, then he sighed. He didn’t say anything, to be honest, since he was a native to the Ark Continent, he was in disagreement with Zhao Hai’s method. Helping another race to deal with one’s own was something that he didn’t approve of.

However, he had to recognize that the Radiant Church was the Buda Clan’s greatest enemy while Zhao Hai was very close friends with the Beastmen. Considering the Buda Clan’s future, it was a no brainer that Zhao Hai would help the Beastmen.

Zhao Hai also knew about Kun’s thoughts. However, in Zhao Hai’s eyes, the Beastmen were more lovable than the Humans. This wasn’t Earth, Zhao Hai didn’t need to worry about any ethnic differences here. In Zhao Hai’s mind, his true race were the Chinese back on Earth. To him, the Humans in Ark Continent were just another intelligent race. Therefore, supporting the Beastmen instead of the Humans didn’t give him even a bit of pressure.

Zhao Hai wanted to continue the topic, he looked at Kun and said, “Grandpa Kun, after the Calci Family and the Rosen Empire passes the information about the Iksa Family, you should also use the Markey Family to spread it around. The continent must know about it in the shortest period of time.”

Kun nodded, “Rest assured, I have this matter prepared already. Right, Little Hai, you should go find the people from the Shelley Family. The Shelley Family is the continent’s biggest Hotel businessmen. Their information network had penetrated the entire continent. Even with the suppression of the Radiant Church, their businesses were still able to thrive. So it shouldn’t be a problem for them to pass this information over. This would certainly be achieving twice the result with half the effort.”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment before nodding, “Alright, I’ll go head to the hotel.” There was now a Shelley Hotel in Golden Island, and it was currently the highest structure ever built. The Architecture was also top notch. And naturally, its business was doing very well.

Most importantly, Zhao Hai came to know that the manager of this hotel was Marriott, the manager of Sky Water City’s Shelley Hotel. When Golden Island became





became open for business, he immediately arrived and became the hotel branch’s manager.

Zhao Hai’s business with the Shelley Hotel had been going on all these time. The Fire Fishes, the vegetables and the Milk Wine had become the hotel’s selling point. Therefore, it was already assure that the hotel would help Zhao Hai.

Although the Radiant Church had been suppressing the hotel, this didn’t affect its business too much. From the years of doing business in the continent, the family had made various dealings with Great Clans and Royal Families. They used money and benefit to weave their large net, therefore, they weren’t afraid of the Radiant Church’s attack.

On the contrary, thanks to the Haven products, the hotel’s business had been going better than before. The suppression of the Radiant Church was only a superficial thing to them.

The reason why Lionheart was able to prevail while dealing with the Shelley Family was because he was in the Rosen Empire and was supported by the Rosen Royal Clan. Otherwise, Lionheart might have already been dealt with a long time ago.

The Shelley Family was extremely good in doing business. Just considering business prowess, they were a lot stronger compared to the Markey Family. The only reason why the Markey Family was able to rise faster was because they used shady methods. They would marry into some Merchant Family, establishing ties with them, and then had all of their successors killed off. This would essentially make all of that family’s assets belong to the Markey Family. It can be said that compared to the Shelley Family, the Markey Family were using despicable methods to gain wealth. But in terms of talent, they were way behind compared to the Shelley Family.

It was because of these reasons why Zhao Hai was able to extinguish the Markey Family in one fell swoop, this method cannot be used against the Shelley Family.

After many years of spreading out, nobody knew the exact number of the Shelley Family’s members. How about the experts of the family? Nobody knows. Additionally, there were a lot of people who had been helped by the Shelley Family. If people were to really deal with the Shelley Family, the family can just invite countless experts to deal with the enemy.

All of this was because of one rule made by the Shelley Family. No matter who it was, once they enter the hotel, the hotel would completely guarantee the safety of that person. Once the person leaves the hotel, the hotel wouldn’t be in charge anymore.

This rule might look like nothing. But if someone were to offend a person and was then chased, he can always enter the Shelley Hotel and feel assured that the hotel would protect him. Once this person manages to get away, they would definitely be grateful towards the Shelley Family.

If the person was an ordinary man, then it might not be a big deal. However, what if this person was





person was an expert? What if he becomes strong later on? Then he would definitely want to repay the hotel. This way, the Shelley Hotel had amasses quite a number of people who would come and help them. Additionally, even if these people wanted to repay, the hotel might not even agree. They might also use their power to help the person to improve. This way, even if the Shelley Family had limited strength, nobody can really gauge how big their backing was.

But the real reason why the Shelley Family was able to survive all these years was their choice to handle their matters in a very low-key manner. Generally, they wouldn’t participate in any fights or struggles, minimizing the amount of enemies that they would acquire while making friends everywhere.

Zhao Hai was sitting in his carriage as it headed towards the Shelley Hotel. Although it was already evening, the hotel was still brilliantly illuminated. The place was very busy, it quickly became a landmark on Golden Island.

The carriage that Zhao Hai was using right now was a carriage commonly used in the island. It wasn’t very beautiful, compared to the other carriages on the island, it was a bit bad.

Zhao Hai arrived at the front door of the hotel and then went down from his carriage along with Shun. Shue stayed at the naval base while Laura and the others simply didn’t come.

As soon as Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived, a person from the hotel immediately came and bowed to Zhao Hai, “The hotel welcomes the arrival of Mister. I ask Mister to come with me.” Zhao Hai nodded and then walked towards the hotel.

Inside the hotel’s hall were a lot of people. There were groups of two of three standing there and chatting. After the attendant guided Zhao Hai in, he immediately asked, “Does Mister want a reservation or a meal?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m here to see Manager Marriott. Is he in?”

The attendant stared, one must know that Marriott held great influence in this hotel. And since the Shelley Family and the Buda clan were in good terms, the hotel was extremely cared for by the Buda Clan. There were a lot of people who approached Marriott and asked him to help them say a few good words to Zhao Hai for them.

However, Marriott was a man of principle, so he didn’t help those people and decided to live in private. He would generally decline visitors. Any ordinary person cannot even see him. One should make an appointment first if one wanted to meet him.

The attendant didn’t recognize Zhao Hai. So when he heard that Zhao Hai wanted to see Marriott, he froze. This was because everybody who wanted to see Marriott would need to make an appointment first. Wanting to see Marriott through the attendants was a useless method.

However, the attendant managed to recover immediately as he said, “Sir, the manager is extremely busy.

is extremely busy. If mister wants to meet the manger, mister needs to file for an appointment. If you have no appointment, it would be very difficult to see the manager.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It doesn’t matter if he is busy. Just go tell him that Zhao Hai wants to see him. I’m sure he can find time to meet me.”

Zhao Hai’s remark not only silenced the attendant, it silenced the entire hall as well. It must be said that in Golden Island, it was normal if people didn’t know who the Rosen Emperor was. However, not knowing Zhao Hai was definitely impossible.

Therefore, everybody present knew who Zhao Hai was. When they heard Zhao Hai say his name, all of them looked at him with awe. The attendant even appeared very excited, he immediately replied, “Alright, I’ll go call the manager right away.” Then he ran towards the offices.

After the attendant ran away, a humming sound was heard as the people in the hall were talking with one another. Some of them even wanted to approach Zhao Hai, but they were afraid of being disrespectful. Therefore, these people just stayed where they are and took occasional glances at Zhao Hai.

Seeing the actions of these people, Zhao Hai immediately gave a short bow and said, “Everyone, since I have some matters to discuss with Manager Marriott today, I won’t be able to accomodate any of you. But in the future, I hope we can have a meal together.”

The people present immediately returned the salute. At this time, Marriott walked out of his office and then went towards Zhao Hai and bowed to Zhao Hai, “Sir Marquis has arrived. I apologize for not being able to welcome you.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “I must say, Brother Marriott, you’re being overly polite. What relationship do we have, why do you need to say all these fancy greetings? Go, go, let’s go and have a drink. I wanted to drink so badly.”

Marriott laughed and said, “Alright, then come in.” Then he led Zhao Hai into his office.

After Zhao Hai entered the office, a nearby Noble immediately turned to his friend and said, “That was Zhao Hai Buda? The Buda Clan’s Patriarch? That’s what he looks like? I heard that he is a God of Slaughter, how can he be so friendly?”

His friend smiled and said, “You don’t know, but I heard that Zhao Hai is very special. He is only ruthless to his enemies while he is extremely kind to his friends. You can see it from Marriott, he is only a manager of the hotel, but since Marquis Zhao Hai used to know him, the Marquis acted very friendly when they chat with each other.”

The Noble nodded, then his face expressed his regret, “Why didn’t I get to know him before he became a Marquis, who knows where I could have been right now.”

His friend laughed and said, “Continue dreaming…..”





* * *


  












Chapter 535 – Overly Popular Bread Fruit

Zhao Hai and Marriott entered inside Marriott’s personal reception area. Although this hotel had just finished being constructed, this reception area was still luxuriously decorated, it even looked much better than back in Sky Water City.

After they sat down, Marriott looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Little Hai, why’d you find time to see me today? Do you need something?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I want your Shelly Family’s help in a matter.”

Marriott smiled, “Don’t be polite, just tell me.”

Zhao Hai laughed and then said, “Haha, alright, take a look at this first.” Then he handed a stack of papers over to Marriott. The stack contained the events that happened to the Iksa Family. Every detail was carefully written in those papers, this was the thing that Zhao Hai had prepared before.

Marriott received the stack of papers and then carefully read them. Marriott was a very calm and smart man, he grew up in the Shelley Family since he was a child, so he had certain understandings about different struggles in the continent. However, what the Radiant Church did was really quite excessive even to him.

Although only the Iksa Family’s matter was written on the stack of papers, Marriott had already speculated that there was a problem with the Aksu Empire. Otherwise, such a situation wouldn’t have happened. If this was truly the case, the problem was much bigger than he had imagined.

After some time, Marriott placed the papers down and then looked at Zhao Hai, “Is this real? How did the Aksu Empire respond?”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Of course it’s true, the Iksa Family is now with me and in a very safe place. The Aksu Empire didn’t have any reactions to what happened. Not only did they not respond, they still went on and dealt with the Purcell Family. The elders of the Purcell Family have now been bought out, restraining the Purcell Family from cooperating with my Buda Clan. Because of this, I suspect that the Aksu Empire had now come into the control of the Radiant Church.”

The conclusion that Zhao Hai reached was the same as the one that Marriott had in mind. Therefore, Marriott nodded, he agreed with





what Zhao Hai said.

Then Marriott looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What do you think about this?”

Zhao Hai snorted and said, “The Radiant Church had been too rampant. They actually dared to control a big Empire. Later on, I’m prepared to hand this information over to father-in-law, making him spread the message to the entire continent. The Markey Family shall help with this as well. So I hope the Shelley Family can also aid me in releasing this information. We need to let the continent know what kind of organization the Radiant Church really is.”

When Marriott heard Zhao Hai, his eyes turned bright and then deeply looked into Zhao Hai’s eyes, “Alright, Little Hai, we’ll be giving you a hand.”

The reason why Marriott agreed immediately was because the Radiant Church was also suppressing the Shelley Family quite recently. Even if the family had withstood and was not afraid of the Radiant Church, they cannot deal with the Radiant Church just like how they did with Grand Duke Lionheart.

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright, then that matter is settled. However, don’t release the information immediately. When it’s time, I’ll have Grandpa Kun inform you.”

Marriott nodded, “Then that’s settled. Right, do you want to stay and have a couple of drinks?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I can’t, I still have some other things to do today. I need to head back and deal with those. Moreover, I’ll be leaving Golden Island immediately.”

Marriott nodded, “alright, then I won’t stop you. But the next time that you come here, you must drink a couple of glasses with me.” Zhao Hai nodded with a smile, then turned around to leave. Marriott escorted Zhao Hai to his carriage before returning back to the hotel.

After entering the hotel and greeting the guests, Marriott returned to his own room and wrote a long letter regarding the Iksa Family as well as Zhao Hai’s request. He then had it sent to the Shelley Family’s headquarters, he wanted to know the family’s thoughts on this matter.

Marriott has promised Zhao Hai that he’d help, so he wouldn’t renege on his words. Moreover, he also has the authority to make such a decision. But he still need to inform the family about





about this matter, this still needed to be discussed.

The Shelley Family was the Buda Clan’s ally, it wasn’t a problem if they wanted to help. However, there are many ways to lend a hand, the problem was how to do so.

When Zhao Hai returned to the naval base, he immediately went to the Space to have a rest. Nothing new happened in the Purcell Duchy, Ruyen and the others were also not yet ready.

Honestly, Zhao Hai didn’t want to make contact with Ruyen. First, it was because of the previous events. He feels very embarrassed if they were to meet. The second was because Ruyen had annoyed him before, he didn’t want that event to be repeated in the future.

The next day, Zhao Hai silently paid attention to the Purcell Family. At the same time, he was also observing the events back in the Beastman Prairie.

The Prairie was now fully prepared. They needed to attack the humans no matter how much they had prepared. Because of the food shortage, they needed to go into action, therefore, they didn’t have the time to store up some rations. The only thing that they can do was bring along some Argali while they advanced.

Argalis weren’t quick, so they affected the march of the Beastmen. Moreover, the Argalis would go ill once they enter Human territories. It was because of this reason why Beastmen would generally prefer to have rations.

But unfortunately, they didn’t have the time to prepare rations, they simply didn’t have time.

In this fight, each race prepared their own food and weapons. Then everybody arrived at a certain place before they set out in order to pillage the human territory.

It was because of this solidarity that the Beastmen weren’t afraid of fighting all out. Naturally, if their losses were too high, they would retreat. After all, a race with small numbers would generally be swallowed up.

Seeing how prepared the Beastmen were, Zhao Hai reckoned that it would take less than a month before they arrived at the border of the Purcell Duchy. At that time, the war would truly begin.

He also looked at Ah Tai and the others. Ah Tai’s current situation was very good. The Beastmen knew that the shop had close relations with





relations with the Wolf, Bear, Dog, and Cow-headed races. Therefore, nobody went to the shop just to cause some trouble.

And there was also one thing that made Ah Tai very popular, it was the Bread Fruit. In this war, the other tribes’ food can only be Argali. It was because it was the most convenient thing they could bring at current time.

However, the Prairie Wolf Tribe, Black Bear Tribe, Dog-headed Race, and the Cow-headed Race had some Bread Fruit. The Bread Fruit was extremely convenient. One could immediately eat it as soon as it was opened, it didn’t even need cooking.

It was the first time that the other Beastmen saw such a fruit, this made them jealous. And when they heard that this fruit was provided by Magic Lily Shop, all of them became impolite, especially the huge Warring Clans, they immediately went to purchase some from Ah Tai.

Among them were the Tiger Clan that Ah Tai intended to contact. There were also a lot of tribes inside the Tiger-headed Race. The one that Ah Tai wanted to come in contact with were the Bali Tiger Tribe.[1]

The Bali Tigers weren’t the biggest tribe in the Tiger-headed Race. But they were deemed to be the most attractive among them. Their appearance also had the general tiger stripes, but the way the stripes were arranged made them very beautiful.

But they should not be underestimated just because they were attractive, their fighting strength wasn’t weak at all. Among the Tiger-headed race, they can me ranked along the middle parts.

Because Ah Tai had prior inquiries with the Bali Tigers, they were the first ones who had gotten some Bread Fruit.

For the Beastmen, this Bread Fruit became very important in this war. The fruit was both convenient and can last a long time. It was not only their convenience that attracted the Beastmen, the most important thing was that the fruits weren’t Argali. Argalis were the most treasured commodity of the Beastmen, so they want to save them as much as possible.

The reason why the Beastmen didn’t bring some Bamboo Rice was because it was very inconvenient. Not only were they hard to bring, they don’t last long either. More importantly, with how much the Beastmen eat, they would

eat, they would need to bring large amounts of pots in order to cook the rice. This would further hinder their advance.

On the other hand, the Bread Fruit can be eaten immediately after it was opened. It expands as well, making one fruit enough for one Beastman. For races with small appetites like the Wolf-headed race, one fruit could sustain two people. Therefore, the Bread Fruit became the Beastmen’s number one choice for war rations.

Ah Tai didn’t become polite, Zhao Hai had instructed him to use this opportunity to establish his reputation. But he wasn’t prepared to sell too much Bread Fruit. If the Beastmen approached him, he would tell them that Zhao Hai only left him no more than 300 million jin of Bread Fruit.


Ah Tai was also smart, he directly asked the Black Bears to come forward and be the ones to inform all of the Beastmen about his meager 300 million jin supply of Bread Fruit. If they wanted to buy some, they needed to divide the amount among themselves.

The Beastmen didn’t embarrass Ah Tai. Moreover, even if the Beastmen always get in disagreement with each other, they were unnaturally in one mind when it came to war. Therefore, the big Warring Clans acquiesced and divided the Bread Fruits among themselves.

Later on, they had found out that the Prairie Wolves had the most supply of Bread Fruit. This made them force the Prairie Wolves to sell some their fruits and trade them for Argali.

The Wolves agreed to this arrangement, they had bought the Bread Fruits for gold, but it was now exchanged for Argali. For the Prairie Wolves, this trade was very cost-effective. In normal times, if they took some gold to other Beastmen to trade for Argali, they would be seen as idiots. Therefore, the Wolves didn’t hesitate and agreed immediately. They left some Bread Fruits for themselves and then sold the other ones.






* * *


  












Chapter 536 – Purcell Family’s Tragedy

The Prairie Wolves weren’t wealthy, so now that an opportunity has arrived, they certainly wouldn’t let it go. At this time, they were actually feeling regretful. They regretted that they turned down the prior 1 billion jin of Bread Fruit that Zhao Hai intended to give them. When they heard that they were about to head to war, they kept the 300 million jin and declined the remaining amount. If they knew that this situation would happen, they wouldn’t have declined the 1 billion jin.

But it was always too late to regret, they can only settle on their gains this time. On the other hand, the one who gained greatly was Ah Tai. Not only did he establish a relationship with the Bali Tigers, he also managed to promote the Bread Fruit. In the future, the fruit would certainly become popular in the Prairie.

Zhao Hai also knew about this development. Although he had countless amounts of Bread Fruit in the Space, he wasn’t planning to take those out right now. If he gave them the Bread Fruit, the Beastmen would stop attacking the Human territories. Zhao Hai wanted the Beastmen to wage war right now.

It wasn’t because Zhao Hai hated them, it was because he doesn’t want to wipe the buttocks of the Radiant Church. This incident was caused by the Radiant Church, so even if a lot of civilians were to die, Zhao Hai wanted the Radiant Church to remember this lesson for a long time.

The Radiant Church was his enemy, and Zhao Hai wasn’t a saint either, so he certainly wouldn’t help the Radiant Church. This war, for him, was a very good thing.

Since there weren’t any problems with the Beastmen, Zhao Hai shifted his attention to the Purcell Duchy. It wasn’t only the Purcell Family that he was looking at, he also focused on the other people in the Duchy. He wanted to see what the Radiant Church would do. And he also wanted to see which ones were the spies of the Radiant Church.

The Space’s functions were now quite formidable. Since he already had the map of the entire continent, it was natural that





he also had the map of the entire Purcell Duchy. Because of this, it was very easy for him to monitor the Duchy.

After two days of surveillance, Zhao Hai finally found some people of the Church. These people were experts, but they weren’t 9th ranks. 9th rank experts aren’t cabbages that can just be plucked, the Radiant Church had painstakingly trained them for years, so they cannot just send casually send them.

Among the people that were sent, there were some 8th ranks mixed in. The majority of them were 7th and 6th ranks, which numbered around 2 thousand. The 8th ranks, on the other hand, only amounted to about 500. One could see the Radiant Church’s strength just from this exhibition.

Besides these people, there were also armies of the families surrounding the Purcell Duchy. As soon as the Purcell Family falls, they would immediately come and occupy the Duchy.

Seeing this situation, Zhao Hai understood that the Aksu Empire definitely wouldn’t let the Purcell Family off. The family would have to be sacrificed to the Beastmen, completely eliminating the Purcell surname from the continent.

After thinking about this point, Zhao Hai cannot help but have a taunting smile on his face. His ridicule was of course meant for the elders of the Purcell Family. For a meagre benefit, they took their entire family to its demise.

Fortunately for the Purcell Family, they had two smart members. At the very least, Evan and Ruyen’s minds were in the right place. Zhao Hai also knew that these elders might have not acted out all for the sake of benefits. They might have also thought about the Purcell Family. However, they didn’t really understand the Radiant Church, therefore they managed to make this mistake.

The Purcell Family elders might be selfish, but they weren’t fools. They knew that they only had their current power because of the Purcell Family. If the Purcell Family were to vanish, then they would become nothing.

The reason why they rejected the idea of moving to Golden Island was because they received some promises and benefits from the Radiant Church. At the same time, they were also afraid of losing their current status.

If the Purcell Family were





were to move to Golden Island, the place was the Buda Clan’s domain and wasn’t the Purcell Family’s. When they arrive there, they wouldn’t be able to have the influence that they had in the Purcell Duchy. Because of this, they went all out in opposing to move to Golden Island. They had held into the hope that the Purcell Family might be able to keep the Purcell Duchy.

Another two days later, Zhao Hai saw that Ruyen and the others have prepared themselves. So he immediately left the Space and flashed to the Purcell Duchy. There were now a lot of commoners who had left and some were still on the process of leaving. The Purcell Duchy were now having food problems, if they didn’t leave, they would die of starvation.

But these commoners didn’t have any resentment towards the Purcell Family. The family had always been good to them, the prices in the Duchy weren’t high, the taxes were kept low, and most importantly, cases of them bullying the commoners were very rare. Also, their schools were cheap as well, there were commoners who had their children attend these schools. This made the Purcell Family very popular among the commoners.

Although these commoners didn’t know about high-level affairs, they can still roughly guess that the Aksu Empire had already given up on the Purcell Duchy. Which made the commoners even more dissatisfied towards the Empire.

The reason for that was Zhao Hai’s continual propaganda. He let the people of the Aksu Empire know that the Beastman’s attack to the the human lands this time was caused by the Radiant Church.

Now that the Beastmen were coming, the Aksu Empire actually didn’t send any troops to support the Purcell Duchy, this made the commoners very discontented of the Empire.

Then there was another news that came to the Purcell Duchy. It stated that the Radiant Church had become honored guests in the Royal Capital. The nobles were respectful to them, even the Emperor was very polite when interacting with them.

This information was just like a blasting fuse, making all of the Purcell Duchy commoners furious towards the Aksu Empire’s Royal Clan. It was already known that the Beastman attack was





attack was caused by the church, but they actually didn’t do anything about it. Instead, they even accepted the church as honored guests. They didn’t even send some reinforcements to the Duchy, stating their neglectful stance towards the commoners.

At this time, the Purcell Family had also taken action. They sent some people from the family and organized the commoners in leaving the Duchy. This was because the Duchy would soon become a battlefield.

These commoners weren’t willing to leave, however, the Purcell Family urged them to. The Purcell Family knew that they don’t have the ability to keep these commoners safe. They couldn’t even guarantee the safety of their own family, so how could they guarantee the safety of these commoners.

The commoners understood as well that the Purcell Family won’t provide any help even if they stayed. Some of them had friends and families in other places, so they chose to go there. For those who didn’t have both friends and families, they still needed to leave the Duchy.

When Zhao Hai arrived at Casa City, there weren’t a lot of people left inside. Zhao Hai didn’t care about any of these and just took his carriage towards the Grand Duke’s Mansion.

Zhao Hai already expected the commoners to leave, but he still paid attention to them. When the commoners were leaving, the Radiant Church didn’t act too hard on them. This may be because the Church knew that their current actions were already excessive. If they were to act hard on these commoners, the other commoners of the Aksu Empire might feel discontented with them.

Seeing that these commoners were safe, Zhao Hai felt relieved. Although he wanted these commoners to go to the Black Wasteland, he understood that this situation wasn’t realistic.

When Zhao Hai’s carriage entered the back gates of the Mansion, he saw Evan already waiting for him there. Even was now used to the mysterious appearance and disappearance of Zhao Hai.

He had sent people in Casa City to look for Zhao Hai, only to know that Zhao Hai wasn’t inside the city. But when Zhao Hai’s carriage heads to the mansion, the guards at the city gates were always not aware of his arrival, this fact

arrival, this fact made Evan very confused.

Most importantly, Zhao Hai always came at the right time. With a slightest bit of trouble, Zhao Hai would appear. Like this time, they had just finished preparing and haven’t informed Zhao Hai yet, but he actually came to the mansion.

After inviting Zhao Hai to sit down, Evan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, since you came, I think you already know that we are ready.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I do, but not only that. I also must tell you that the Radiant Church had sent 2000 thousand experts as well as 500 8th ranks. At the same time, there were also armies on the surrounding borders of the Purcell Duchy. All of them are waiting for the Purcell Family to fall before they charge and secure the territory.”

Evan made a ridiculing smiled and said, “I’ve already guessed this for a long time. Those guys surely wouldn’t let us go. It is a pity that the people in our family are still living in their fantasies. But fortunately for us, Elder Sword Saint agreed to my opinion. He will be bringing Ruyen and the others to follow you. Later on, I’ll have to depend on you to look after Ruyen.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Rest assured, I shall looked after them. If there’s an opportunity later on, I shall help them regain the Purcell Family’s status.”

Evan let out a long breath and then said, “I’ll be depending on you. If you think that they’re worth helping, then help them. If they’re not, then as long as you let them live a happy life, I would be able to rest assured.”

Zhao Hai looked at Evan and then said, “Uncle Evan, you should come as well. If you’re present, I believe that the Purcell Family would reappear much more beautifully.”

Evan shook his head and said, “That’s a bad idea. Everybody can leave, but not me. I am the Purcell Family’s Patriarch. If I leave, then the Purcell Family would certainly come to its end. I’d rather die in battle here. I will not leave.”

Zhao Hai sighed, he knew that any more urging would be useless, Evan was adamant on staying.





* * *


  












Chapter 537 – Final Request

Evan has his own pride, Zhao Hai understood this, he had his own pride as well. Therefore, he didn’t say anything else after Evan expressed his intention to stay. The only thing he could do right now was to look after Ruyen.

Seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t say anything, Evan knew that Zhao Hai had understood him. Then Evan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I want you to promise me one thing.”

Zhao Hai looked at Evan, then he couldn’t help but sigh inwardly. He can probably guess what Evan was about to say. But this request would place Zhao Hai in an awkward situation.

Looking at Zhao Hai’s frown, Evan knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t immediately agree. He couldn’t help but sigh and said, “Little Hai, Uncle is begging you. This would be my last request.”

Zhao Hai knew that Evan was already thinking that he would die. Even if Evan wasn’t killed by the Beastmen, the Radiant Church would still not let him off. The Radiant Church knew about his relationship with Zhao Hai. The church might let the other insignificant members of the Purcell Family go, but they definitely wouldn’t spare Evan. Another reason was because Evan was the Purcell Family’s Patriarch and was in total opposition of the Radiant Church, his existence would make the church’s plans to control the Purcell Family very hard.

Zhao Hai sighed, then he looked at Evan and said, “Uncle, tell me, I’ll listen to it.”

Evan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You should have already guessed it. I want you to marry Ruyen. Little Hai, marrying Ruyen is not only for her sake, but also to my Purcell Family. After this event, the family would surely decline. These people are still too young, if you don’t have a connection with them, it would be very hard to let them follow you. I will pass the position of Patriarch to Ruyen so that they would listen to your words. I believe that under your leadership, the Purcell Family would grow much better.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he already expected Evan’s request. He was engaged with Ruyen before, then when the Buda Clan met their misfortune, Ruyen wanted to break their engagement. And adding on to Ruyen’s reputation, Zhao Hai has no reason to marry Ruyen. His current identity was now beyond Ruyen’s level.

However, he had no other way but to consider Evan’s request. Evan already expects to be killed, he already knew that he would die. With how Evan helped their family in the past, Zhao Hai couldn’t just decline his request.

Evan looked at Zhao Hai’s reaction, he was afraid that Zhao Hai would decline. He didn’t lie, in fact, he only wanted Ruyen to marry Zhao Hai. It didn’t





matter what happens to their relationship in the future. As long as this connection exists, people would still give the Purcell Family a little bit of face.

And as he said, the people who would follow Ruyen were the younger elite generation of the Purcell Family. But they were still too young and full of vigor. With the disaster of the Purcell Family, those youths would certainly panic. Even if Ruyen had the title of Patriarch, it wasn’t certain that they would follow her. But it would become a completely different matter if Zhao Hai was present.

Who was Zhao Hai? He’s the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, the son-in-law of both the Calci Family as well as the Rosen Emperor, he’s also the lord of Golden Island, and was deemed as one of the most powerful Patriarchs in the continent. These statuses were enough to make one shake upon meeting him. As long as the Purcell Family establishes a connection with him, the family would have hope for the future.

In fact, it wasn’t only Zhao Hai who can safeguard the family’s future. There’s one other person who can, and it’s Origin Sword Saint. He’s a 9th rank expert, as long as he appears, people will certainly behave.

However, Origin Sword Saint has his own matter to take care of, so he couldn’t always take charge. In fact, Evan also had a small worry about Origin Sword Saint. The Saint wasn’t young anymore, nobody knew how long he has left to live. If he died, and the Purcell Family wasn’t able to produce another 9th rank, then the family would be over. They would never recover in the future.

If Ruyen gets married to Zhao Hai, everything would be different. The Buda Clan had more than one 9th rank expert under their wing, everyone in the continent knew this. If the Buda Clan doesn’t fall, then even if Origin Sword Saint died, the Purcell family wouldn’t be afraid of anything with the Buda Clan as its backer.

Zhao Hai thought for quite some time, when Evan was about to open his mouth, he said, “Uncle Evan, I can’t promise this to you right away. You should know that I’m already married right now. I still need to discuss this with my wives as well as with Grandpa Green. And just like you, I don’t only represent myself, but the Buda Clan as well.”

When he heard Zhao Hai, Evan can only sigh. Although he felt down, he knew that he cannot force Zhao Hai about this right now.

Evan nodded, “Alright, please consider this matter slowly. Ruyen and the others are now prepared. You take them away whenever you want.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I can take them away right now. In fact, I already have my Spatial Magic prepared.





prepared. I can deliver them to Golden Island at the shortest amount of time. This is why I can still appear in Casa City even if you can’t find me.”

Evan nodded, he already guessed something in line with this. He then said, “When they arrive at Golden Island, you must take care of them. I have given the majority of the Purcell Family’s riches to Ruyen. I hope they can live even a little bit better.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he didn’t say anything more and just stood up. Evan stood as well and then the two headed outside silently. Before long, the two of them arrived at a remote courtyard in the mansion. Even if this courtyard was isolated, its perimeter was heavily guarded.

When he entered the courtyard, Zhao Hai saw Ruyen. Ruyen was standing inside the courtyard and stared at the city’s walls. He didn’t know what she was thinking about, but Zhao Hai can see the sadness in Ruyen’s eyes.

After hearing the sounds of footsteps, Ruyen immediately turned her head and saw Evan and Zhao Hai coming in. For a moment, Ruyen’s eyes flashed a hint of desolateness.

Ruyen once hated her father. In her mind, her father was incompetent. However, her father actually managed to use an opportunity and snatched the power of Patriarch. Even if she was regretful, she still tried her hardest. Now, some important tasks were even handed over to her.

Zhao Hai, who had changed his name, was also one of the people who she disliked the most. So in order to break their engagement, she even gambled her own reputation, and then succeeded in the end. However, Zhao Hai has now become the Patriarch of one of the most powerful family in the continent. Moreover, he also has gained beautiful wives as well as a Noble status much higher than Ruyen’s.

Ruyen had completely lost confidence upon seeing these two people. But she was convinced that she can’t be wrong this time. The Purcell Family can survive if they work with the Buda Clan. Relying on the Radiant Church would only bring disaster to the family.

Ruyen walked to meet them and then gave her greetings to Evan and Zhao Hai, “I’ve seen Father and Marquis Zhao Hai.”

Evan nodded, Zhao Hai returned the courtesy, “Lady Ruyen is too polite. I came today to meet you.” Ruyen nodded, then she said loudly, “Everybody, gather around!”

Before long, young men and women came out of the rooms of the courtyard. The oldest of them was about to reach 30 years old while the youngest one looks just over 10. They numbered less than 100. One could say that they are the Purcell Family’s hope for the future.

When these people came out, they had a slight reluctance on their faces. But when they





when they saw Evan, the expression disappeared as they stood there obediently.

Evan looked at them and said, “All of you are elites of the family. You should already know the family’s situation right now, so I won’t say anything more. You will follow Zhao Hai to Golden Island today. You are the last hope of the Purcell Family. If the family were to fall today, all of you should establish yourselves in Golden Island and pave road for the future of our Purcell Family. Do all of you understand?”

Everybody simultaneously said, “We understand!”

Evan nodded, “This operation will be headed by Ruyen, you must always listen to her when you arrive at Golden Island, you should listen to Zhao Hai as well. If the family were to survive this ordeal, you may come back here. If we don’t, then Ruyen will become the family’s Patriarch. You must obey her orders.”

These youths couldn’t help but look at each other in dismay. They didn’t expect Evan to say those words today. Most importantly, they were puzzled about Evan handing the position of Patriarch over to Ruyen.

Evan looked at them and coldly snorted, “Do not think that this is my decision, the Elder’s assembly agreed to it as well. Do you think that I’m deceiving you?”

The youths’ expressions changed, then they said, “We won’t dare!”

Evan gave a nod, “Good. Ruyen, receive the scepter.” Then Evan placed his hand inside his robe and put out a scepter. This was the scepter of the Purcell Family’s Patriarchs.

Ruyen received the scepter with a serious expression. Then Evan turned his head towards the others and said, “Remember, all of you are the hope of the Purcell Family. If the family suffers disaster, all of you would have the responsibility to revive it. I don’t have a lot of requests for you, only that you must stay united. If you are united, you can do a lot more. You understand?”

The youths answered, “We understand!”

Evan then said, “Alright, you shall be following Zhao Hai. Remember, no matter what you see, you shouldn’t be surprised. Don’t talk to others about it as well. If you do, then I will have Ruyen use her power as the Patriarch and punish you for betrayal!”

Betrayal was a grave offense with regards to a family, it was even punishable by death. So upon hearing Evan, the youths became surprised. Then they immediately focused on what would happen next.

At this time, a shadow suddenly appeared on Evan’s side. Then everybody bowed towards the shadow, including Evan, “We’ve seen elder Origin Sword Saint.”

Origin Sword Saint nodded, then he turned to Evan and said, “I’ll be handing the family over to you. Remember, even if you die in battle, you cannot lose face for the Purcell Family. Don’t worry about the

worry about the children, I shall take care of them.”

Evan nodded and said, “Yes elder, rest assured.”

Then Origin Sword Saint turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Patriarch Zhao Hai, I would have to trouble you this time.”

Zhao Hai was very respectful to the old man. He bowed and said, “Sir Sword Saint is too polite.” Then he took out his Magic Staff and muttered an incantation. After some time, he waved the Magic Staff as a rift appeared in front. Then Zhao Hai turned his head to Ruyen and the others then said, “Have everyone line up and enter the rift one by one. Upon entering the rift, you will notice that there will be a fog around you. But don’t panic and move around. Just stay inside and before long another rift would appear, then you can use that to exit.”

The youths present stared blankly into the rift. Although they had heard about Space Magic, they hadn’t actually seen one in person. Now that a spatial rift appeared in front of them, they couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable.

Origin Sword Saint didn’t hesitate and immediately stepped into the rift. When he entered the others reacted and followed him in one by one. The last one to enter the rift was Ruyen.

After Ruyen walked in, Zhao Hai turned and bowed to Evan. He didn’t say anything else and just entered the Spatial Rift. After seeing the rift shrink, Evan couldn’t help but feel a little strange in his heart.

At the same time, the people inside the Space were feeling strange as well. They were currently surrounded by a dark mist. But when they saw their other companions, they hearts settled a little bit.

But the most surprised of them all was Origin Sword Saint. One shouldn’t forget that he was a 9th rank expert and can scan everything around him using Mind Power. Therefore, when he stepped into the Space, he immediately scanned his surroundings.

And surprisingly, his Mind Power cannot penetrate the dark mist. It was as if they were in a completely different pocket of reality. He hasn’t experienced such a situation before, this made him quite surprised.

At this time, another Spatial Rift appeared in front of them. Then they head Zhao Hai’s voice, “Everyone, please head out according to the order that you entered earlier. You don’t need to hurry, so don’t push each other.”

Origin Sword Saint didn’t care so much, he just lifted his legs and stepped out. Others followed his lead as they went out of the Space one after another. When they arrived outside, they couldn’t help but gawk. This was because this wasn’t the Golden Island that they were expecting. They weren’t even on land. They were currently at sea, on board a five-masted ironclad ship.





* * *


  












Chapter 538 – The Sword Saint’s Shock

The people looked around in surprise. They didn’t think that they would be transported into a ship, they expected to be at Golden Island when they come out.

Origin Sword Saint looked around and then turned his head to smile at Zhao Hai, “Patriarch Zhao Hai is really careful. This old man admires that.”

Zhao Hai quickly smiled and said, “Sir Saint is too polite. Sir can rest inside a cabin for now. In one day, we shall reach Golden Island.” Origin Sword Zhao wasn’t polite, he nodded to Zhao Hai and then turned around to enter the ship. Then he was led by an undead towards one of the rooms.

Seeing that Origin Sword Saint went in, the other Purcell Family youths quieted down. Zhao Hai looked at them and then turned his head to Ruyen, “Ruyen, an undead will come and arrange a room for you. You go rest first, we’ll be arriving at the island tomorrow. We need to do this so that people wouldn’t get too suspicious. But rest assured, this region is under the control of my Buda Clan, we are completely safe here.”

Ruyen had a complex expression when she looked at Zhao Hai before she said, “Then I’ll follow Sir Marquis’ arrangement.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Ruyen, you’re too polite. No matter what, our two families have been friends for generations. We’re also in the same generation, calling me Brother Hai is fine. Don’t call me Sir Marquis, it makes me feel like an outsider.”

When Ruyen heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but stare. Then after looking at Zhao Hai for quite some time, she murmured, “Thank you, Brother Hai.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You’re welcome.” Then he waved his hand as an undead came over. He turned his head to the others and said, “Everyone, these undead will be leading you to your rooms. Remember, a room can have up to four people.”

The Purcell Family youths were very obedient. They knew the identity of Zhao Hai. Even if he’s still young, Evan was already polite to him. The youths also knew that even if Evan held a higher title than Zhao Hai, with regards to their influence in the continent, Zhao Hai certainly held the upper hand.

Although





these Purcell Family youths were considered as elites, they wouldn’t be able to hold a candle against Zhao Hai’s identity. Therefore, when met with Zhao Hai’s words, all of them can only follow just like how a child obeys an adult.

A five-masted ship is spacious. And with the crew being undead and didn’t need to rest, there was ample room for all of the youths to be accommodated. Settling 100 people wasn’t a problem at all.

Then Zhao Hai made sure that Ruyen had been settled, naturally she was alone on her room. After arranging for Ruyen’s accommodation, Zhao Hai didn’t enter the space immediately. Instead, he went to visit Origin Sword Saint. Just as he was about to knock on the door, he heard Origin Sword Saint’s voice, “Patriarch Zhao Hai, come in.”

Zhao Hai pushed the door and then went in. This room was specifically prepared by Zhao Hai. There weren’t anything much inside it, only a table, and a bed. The room was not large, having those furniture was already enough. The other rooms of the Purcell Family youths, on the other hand, only had two bunk beds.

Zhao Hai gave his greetings and said, “Is Sir Sword Saint comfortable? If you need anything just say it, an undead will come and serve you. I just hope that Sir doesn’t get put off.”

There were a lot of people in the continent who found the undeads very repugnant. Therefore, when he heard Zhao Hai, Origin Sword Saint faintly smiled and said, “You’re too polite. This man is already old, I can accept almost anything. Right, since Patriarch came to visit, are you here to tell me about your Space Magic?”

Zhao Hai stared, he finally understood that 9th ranks weren’t only strong, they were also wily foxes just like this old man in front of him. He quickly replied, “So Sir Sword Saint had already found out.”

Origin Sword Saint nodded and said, “I haven’t seen Space Magic, but I’m fairly sure that it isn’t the same as what you just did. Moreover, since I reached 9th rank, I can use Mind Power to scan my surroundings, but even my Mind Power was unable to scan your Magic. This feat alone is very outstanding, therefore, I reckoned that it might not be





be Space Magic, but instead a Space-type Divergent Ability.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Sir Sword Saint’s eyes are truly blazing like torches. It is indeed a Space-type Divergent Ability. I came here to discuss this matter. Sir Sword Saint, please come along with me.” Then a Spatial Rift suddenly appeared right beside Zhao Hai.

Origin Sword Saint looked at the Spatial Rift next to Zhao Hai. He clearly saw that when Zhao Hai made this rift appear, he wasn’t whispering any incantations. It seems like the incantations that he did earlier was just a facade for others to see.

Origin Sword Saint didn’t say anything else and then stepped into the rift, then he was followed by Zhao Hai. But when the Sword Saint entered the Space, he couldn’t help but get shocked. This Space was completely different from what he had in mind. There was a blue sky above as well as green grass below. If it weren’t for the villa, Origin Sword Saint might have mistaken it as a part of the Beastman Prairie.

At this time, Zhao Hai appeared by his side and said, “Sir Sword Saint, this is my Space, a Divergent Ability that I had acquired. This is an independent Space, and here, I am a god. The reason for my Buda Clan’s sudden rise was this.”

Origin Sword Saint turned his head at Zhao Hai, he was puzzled, then he asked, “Since this is the case, why did you reveal it to me?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Because I believe that Sir Sword Saint wouldn’t reveal it to anyone. Right, I think Sir Sword Saint can feel it, the energy inside this place is about ten times as much and as active as outside. This is a very good place to cultivate in, my Buda Clan’s 9th rank experts are all practicing here.”

Origin Sword Saint then asked, “How many 9th ranks does the Buda Clan have? Where did they come from?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Altogether, our Buda Clan has 40 9th rank experts. These 9th ranks came from the Carrion Swamp. They are the same ones that signed an agreement with the Human 9th ranks in the past.”

Origin Sword Saint stared at Zhao Hai. He didn’t think that the Buda Clan would have that much 9th rank experts. And





experts. And these 9th ranks actually came from the Carrion Swamp.

Looking at Origin Sword Saint’s expression, Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “This Space can be upgraded little by little. It wasn’t this powerful at the start, but it became stronger and stronger as time passes by. The Carrion Swamp’s 9th ranks agreed to stay here because the Space’s water can solve the Carrions Swamp’s toxin.

Origin Sword Saint understood what Zhao Hai meant. The Carrion Swamp has one of the most powerful poisons in the continent. If it weren’t for the poisonous mist, it wouldn’t have become one of the Continent’s five forbidden areas.

Since Zhao Hai can solve the Carrion Swamp’s poison, this made the 9th ranks able to go in and out of the swamp freely, no wonder they decided to join his side. Then when Origin Sword Saint thought about the Black Wasteland’s situation, his expression couldn’t help but change as he asked, “The Black Wasteland’s poison was your making? Did you do anything to the Black Wasteland as well?”

Zhao Hai nodded and smiled, “I did, I transformed it. The soil of the Wasteland can now be planted. To be honest, with the strength of my Buda Clan, overthrowing the entire Aksu Empire wouldn’t be a problem. I just don’t want to do it.”

Origin Sword Saint believed these words. With 40 9th rank experts, destroying the Aksu Empire would be very easy. He just couldn’t understand why Zhao Hai didn’t want to.

Zhao Hai looked at Origin Sword Saint and said, “Sir Sword Saint should know about the matters of the continent. Nobles, especially Great Nobles, aren’t only powerful, they also had their members hold key positions in their respective nations. Although our Buda Clan has a lot of experts, we severely lack good leaders, we don’t have any members who held great positions on any royal courts. If we overthrow the Aksu Empire, what advantages would it bring to the clan? If I sit on the throne, then I’m afraid I would just get overturned by the other Great Nobles, and they would be the only ones benefiting from this event. So I might as well let the Buda Clan stay as a Great Noble family. Then we would be able to survive despite our small numbers while at

numbers while at the same time discouraging other people from bullying us. And also, the Black Wasteland is very big, I can just opt to make my own country here. Wouldn’t it be interesting if I make my own country instead of snatching one?”

Origin Sword Saint didn’t expect this to be the case after he listened to Zhao Hai. But he had to agree that Zhao Hai was right. It wasn’t always a good idea to be a monarch. In fact, Royal Families in the Ark Continent are just Great Clans who managed to have other Great Clans become their vassals. At the same time, controlling a country and it’s nobles involved a lot of matters and intricacies.

The Buda Clan was only a small Family that is very strong. If Zhao Hai had great strength, did it mean that he would find it easy to be a King? Not necessarily. Even if he became a King with his own effort, it was possible for him to be overthrown by the collective might of the other Nobles. This would only end in the Buda Clan’s embarrassment.

The Buda Clan’s position right now was correct, and Zhao Hai’s decisions were the right ones. Origin Sword Saint didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have thought about things up to this point. He wasn’t blinded by strength, which was a rare thing for people in Zhao Hai’s generation.

Zhao Hai turned his head to Origin Sword Saint and said, “I invited Sir Sword Saint into the Space to have you cultivate here. If Sir Sword Saint becomes stronger, it would be very good to both the Purcell Family and my Buda Clan. As for the Purcell Family youths, Sir Sword Saint doesn’t need to worry about them much, I’ll take good care of them.”

When Origin Sword Saint heard Zhao Hai, he hesitated for a bit before he nodded, “Alright, then it’s settled, I’ll be cultivating here.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s great. Later, I’ll have someone introduce you to the Space. It would be best for Sir Sword Saint to speak to Ruyen tomorrow. Naturally, you can’t tell her about the Space. You can just tell her that you’re going into closed door cultivation. Otherwise, they would panic when they notice your disappearance.”

Origin Sword Saint nodded.





* * *


  












Chapter 539 – The Emperor’s Worries

The next day, the ship arrived at Golden Island. It sailed directly to the military port and docked at the naval base. After arriving, Origin Sword Saint approached Ruyen and told her that he would need to do closed-door cultivation. Ruyen knew that this thing was normal for 9th rank experts, so she didn’t say anything.

The reason why Zhao Hai invited Origin Sword Saint over to the Space was not because Zhao Hai was kind. Zhao Hai knew that the more a person stays inside the Space, the more amiable they were towards Zhao Hai. Origin Sword Saint was a 9th rank Human expert, so how could Zhao Hai possibly let this opportunity pass.

Naturally, this didn’t mean that he didn’t intend to help the Purcell Family. On the contrary, he would support the Purcell Family youths who came to Golden Island. Therefore, for the Purcell Family youths, it wouldn’t matter if they had a 9th rank expert to command them or not.

Moreover, the Purcell Family had now entered the same situation as the Iksa Family. But the Iksa Family had the better state, they still had their elites as well as their Patriarch. On the other hand, the Purcell Family now only has they younger generation. Even if they were full of energy, they were still very inexperienced.

In this case, what the Purcell Family needed was not a 9th rank expert, but a stable environment that would make them safe and allow them to grow at a stable pace.

After arriving at Golden Island, Zhao Hai arranged a place for Ruyen and the others to stay in. Then he asked Ruyen whether they wanted to make their own business in the island or help the Buda Clan manage the place.

Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t be giving them too much of an authority. He would just have them do ordinary office work, allowing them to accumulate some experience. If they chose to do business, Zhao Hai would provide them a place to set up shop.

Ruyen was an intelligent woman, she knew that this decision would affect the Purcell Family’s future. Although Ruyen didn’t express it, she knew that the chances of the Purcell Family surviving back in the Duchy was





very small. The group in Golden Island might very well be the final hope of the Purcell Family.

It was precisely because of this that Ruyen was thinking carefully about what they would do next. It was at this point that Ruyen admired Zhao Hai. The Buda Clan’s past situation wasn’t as good as what they were in right now, however, Zhao Hai still managed to rise up in a short period of one year. This feat was too astonishing.

Ruyen thought for a moment before she went to discuss this matter with the others. In the end, they decided that they older people would have to do business on the island, allowing the Purcell Family to have excess income. As for those who had little experience, they would help the Buda Clan in managing the affairs of the island and learn along the process.

Zhao Hai agreed with Ruyen’s decision. Some of the group had experience in management, they had helped the family do their businesses in the past. So having them do business was the best choice. This would make them accumulate more experience while earning money for the Purcell Family at the same time.

As for the younger ones, even if they were specifically chosen by the family, they didn’t have much experience. They still needed to learn a lot more. So the best choice for them was to help the Buda Clan in managing Golden Island.

Zhao Hai immediately arranged for Ruyen’s matters. He also gave Ruyen and the others a patch of land and built a house for them. This was Ruyen’s request, she didn’t want to always live in the naval base.

Ruyen’s appearance was soon made known to the people on the island. These people already knew about the relationship between the Purcell Family and the Buda Clan. Therefore, when they saw the youths of the Purcell Family in the island, they immediately understood what was going on.

Almost all of the Nobles in the continent would do the same thing as the Purcell Family. When they encounter something that they weren’t confident in dealing with, they would send some of their younger generation to a safe place. This would save their bloodline and would allow their family to reappear in the future.

And





future.

And nowhere is much more appropriate than Golden Island. Since the Purcell Family and the Buda Clan were friends, it was natural that the Buda Clan would take care of these Purcell Family youths. Additionally, because of how powerful the Buda Clan was, it was impossible for other people to covet the property of the Purcell Family. Because of this, not only would the Purcell Family live in the island in peace, their trades would also be very positive. Perhaps their rise would come sooner than later.

But after Zhao Hai arranged all of these, he didn’t guide them anymore. The business atmosphere in Golden Island was very good. Swindlers and scammers rarely appeared because these practices were banned in the island. If one defrauded another, the Buda Clan would judge them based on their sin and then would be disallowed from entering the island again.

Although Ruyen and the others were newcomers, the people in the island already knew of their relationship with the Buda Clan. Because of this, nobody dared to make a move on them.

The reason why Zhao Hai left them to themselves was so that they could experience hardships themselves. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to get valuable experience. If everything were given to them on a silver platter, the Purcell Family wouldn’t be able to prosper.

What Zhao Hai needs to do now was to pay attention to the situation back in the Purcell Duchy. Almost all of the other nobles in the Duchy had already left. The Purcell Family was now divided, by Evan’s decision, Ruyen and the others were sent to Golden Island. The only people left in the Duchy were the direct line of the Purcell Family as well as the Purcell Army. The entire Duchy had turned into a dead landscape, it was almost impossible to see another person there right now.

Zhao Hai also felt helpless regarding this situation, but he couldn’t make a move. There were a lot of armies that surrounded the Duchy but none of them even set foot inside. This made Zhao Hai impatient.

Just as Zhao Hai was planning to go to the Duchy, a notification came from Kun. The Rosen Emperor was looking for Zhao Hai and was asking him to return to





return to Carson City.

Although Zhao Hai didn’t know the reason, he knew that if it wasn’t important, the Emperor wouldn’t go and summon him. Therefore, he immediately went to the Space and transported to his castle outside Carson City.

Even if he wasn’t always in the castle, it was still kept clean because of the servants that he brought here in the past. Zhao Hai rested inside the castle and then on the next day he sat on his carriage and headed to Carson City.

After Zhao Hai arrived at the Imperial Palace, he was immediately escorted to the Emperor’s study. His status was the Emperor’s son-in-law, therefore he as his own special privileges inside the palace.

Inside the study, the Emperor was sitting there looking at some documents. Zhao Hai took a step forward and said, “This one has seen Father-in-law.”

The Emperor looked up and said, “Come, sit.” Zhao Hai nodded and then sat on one side. The Emperor placed the document down and looked at Zhao Hai, “I hear that you have a good relationship with the Beastmen?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I do. I’m friends with the Cow-headed Race and Dog-headed Race. I also have good relations with the Black Bear Tribe and can also be considered to be an acquaintance of the Prairie Wolf Tribe.”

The Emperor nodded and then said, “Do you know the true purpose why the Beastmen are attacking the Human domain?”

Zhao Hai stared, “Does father-in-law not know? The Beastmen wanted to attack because the Radiant Church limited their food. So they wanted to retaliate.”

The Emperor frowned, “Is it only this reason?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Father-in-law overthinks too much. The Beastmen are people who are easy to get along with. If the Radiant Church didn’t tamper with their food supply and created a food shortage in the Prairie, there wouldn’t be any war. Therefore, Father-in-law doesn’t need to worry too much.”

The Emperor sighed, “I have no other choice but to worry. I heard that the Beastman army this time is very large. If they extinguish the Aksu Empire and decided to continue on to our Rosen Empire, our losses would be huge.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Father-in-law, you think too much. The Aksu Empire wouldn’t be that easily eliminated. Also, we

eliminated. Also, we have the Lifeline Canyon, it wouldn’t be easy for the Beastmen to fight over there. But I have an idea, we can stockpile more than a few jins of food. The Beastmen only attacked because of food. If they actually come to us, we can just resist for a short time and then sell them some food for a low price. After that, they would surely retreat.”

The Emperor knit his brows and said, “If this happens, then wouldn’t it be similar to the Beastmen admitting defeat?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “This is only an arbitrary plan. After all, the situation might not even occur. We are also stockpiling some food until the end of the war because at that time, the Aksu Empire’s fields and granaries would surely be left ravaged. The price of food would then skyrocket. Even if it doesn’t affect our Rosen Empire, we can still sell them our stockpiled food, it will surely net us a huge sum of money.”

The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai, then he faintly smiled, “Kid, you’re really a madman when it comes to money. Hahaha. But what you proposed is good. Even if this stockpile comes unused, it wouldn’t bring us any harm. However, I still hope that you’d take the opportunity and contact the Beastman and ask for their bottom line. It would be best to keep them away from our territory as much as possible.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I understand.”

The Emperor nodded and then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “How is the relationship between you and Lizzy? Why hasn’t she come back to visit me after your marriage? Go have her come home tomorrow. I want to see if you dared to bully her. If you did, I wouldn’t forgive you.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then bowed, “Alright. Father-in-law can rest assured, I’ll have Lizzy come here tomorrow. However, since she’s quite busy, I cannot tell you the exact time.”

The Emperor snorted and said, “I don’t care about the time. You must make her come home tomorrow.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod. He wasn’t lying, Lizzy and the others were truly very busy. They had a lot of matters to work on. But since the Emperor requested it, he wouldn’t dare decline.





* * *


  












Chapter 540 – Big Chess Board

At this time, Zhao Hai was focusing his attention on the Purcell Duchy. Naturally, he wouldn’t disregard the state of the Aksu Empire.

Presently, the Aksu Empire was studded with people from the Radiant Church. Zhao Hai had also seen that the recent Emperor was already dead. The one sitting on the throne right now was Boris. However, he held zero power in court, the true people controlling the Aksu Empire were from the Radiant Church.

This development was both expected and unexpected for Zhao Hai. He thought that no matter what the did, the Radiant Church would still keep the Emperor’s life. Making him into a puppet was a good idea. Zhao Hai didn’t expect that they would actually kill the Aksu Emperor.

For several days, Zhao Hai had been looking at the arrangements in the Purcell Duchy. It seems like the crisis of the Duchy was deliberately made. The Empire wanted the Beastmen to ravage the Duchy first before their armies swoop in and eliminate the Beastmen after.

It looks like the Radiant Church wanted to show the continent that they can lead a war as well as rule a country.

And aside from establishing their reputation, they can also openly eliminate the Purcell Family as well as severely wound the Beastmen. When the Radiant Church’s reputation soars, sending missionaries to other nations would become much easier.

Their ambition was big, and their plan was good. But they had underestimated Zhao Hai’s ability. It was impossible for them to know that Zhao Hai was already aware of their entire plan.

The Rosen Empire also intended to help the Aksu Empire. However, the Aksu Empire wasn’t relying on their help in the first place. They wanted to repel the Beastmen independently so that they can establish their might in the continent.

After Zhao Hai found out about these things, he wasn’t worried about the Rosen Empire but instead he was thinking about the Beastmen. Fortunately the Beastmen were still in transit towards the border, when they arrive, Zhao Hai would then go and tell them.

The Radiant Church had a lot of things that they prepared in order to deal with the Beastmen. The church had sent some experts to lie in ambush inside the Purcell Duchy. They weren’t there to kill the Beastmen, but instead to deliver poison. Even if this poison was not lethal, it can make its victims weak, losing their ability to defend. This was Radiant Church’s trump card against the Beastmen.

From the conversations that he heard, Zhao Hai knew that this plan hasn’t been going on for a day or two. When the old Emperor was alive, this plan was already underway. The elimination of the Buda Clan was only part of it. They haven’t even





thought about eliminating the Purcell Family in the past. But since Zhao Hai had become too great of a threat, they changed their plan and decided to destroy the Purcell Family.

On the other hand, the poison was made by a long-term research conducted by the Radiant Church. This stemmed from the observations made by the Human Merchants while they were trading in the Prairie for a long time.

Zhao Hai also heard that if the poison was taken alone, it wouldn’t have any effect. It would need to be use along with another drug. In preparation for this day, the Radiant Church had been using the other drug on the food that they had been trading in the Prairie all these years. This drug was something that reacts with the poison and only then would they weaken the victim. The effect would only show itself when those two are present.

The Radiant Church did it this way because they knew that the Beastmen would be bringing Witch Doctors along with them as they marched on to war. When they stop in a place, the Witch Doctor would sample the water supplies present. Once they confirm that the water is safe, only then would the other Beastmen consume it. The Beastmen decided to do this because of their previous fight with the Humans. In that battle, the Humans used poison which crippled a large number of beastmen.

Although the Radiant Church cannot do this again and have the Beastmen take both of the poisons at the same time, but one shouldn’t forget that the Beastmen were already eating one of the poisons for years. As time goes by, the Beastmen would have this drug accumulated in their bodies. As long as they consume the other poison, they would certainly have a reaction. Even if the poison cannot kill them directly, it will still sap them off of their fighting strength. After that, the Radiant Church would be able to slaughter as many Beastmen as they want!

This plan of poisoning the Beastmen as well as controlling an Empire was already carried out by the Church more than a decade ago. This dedication was truly scary.

In this plan, the Aksu Empire, Rosen Empire, and the Beastmen became the chess pieces of the Radiant Church. If Zhao Hai didn’t appear, the Radiant Church would’ve been in a better situation than now.

In truth, although they were enemies, Zhao Hai had a huge admiration towards the Radiant Church. If the two of them didn’t have any enmity, Zhao Hai might’ve even considered joining the Radiant Church.

This was an organization that would resort to all means and has the patience and perseverance to get what they want. No wonder they became one of the most powerful influences in a





a short period of time. They were quite diligent in everything they did.

From Zhao Hai’s perspective, the Radiant Church was evil. But in the eyes of the Radiant Church, they were not. In their minds, they needed to eliminate any threat to the church in order to ensure their safety in future.

But it was unfortunate that Zhao Hai was enemies with them. Although he admired the Radiant Church, he needed to destroy all of their plans. Otherwise, Zhao Hai would be the one to suffer bad luck.

After knowing about all of these, Zhao Hai made his move. He secretly snatched the two poisons from the Radiant Church and then brought them to Iron Mountain Fort. After that, he handed them over to Shun’s mother, making her help analyze them.

Shun’s mother, Suju, was an expert in poisons. While she was in Iron Mountain Fort, she continued on with her research. Now, her skill in making poison has become very good.

After a couple minutes of investigation, the ingredients of the two poisons were already identified. It was true that ingesting them individually wouldn’t have any effect. But once they were used together, they would become a strong poison.

After using Spatial Water, Suju confirmed that it did have an effect as an antidote. However, curing the poison would still take some time. Normally, it would be fine to wait, but in the battlefield, time is of the essence.

In the end, Zhao Hai decided to bring the mixed poison in to the Space. The Space can analyze poisons and also produce an antidote. Zhao Hai hopes that the Space wouldn’t disappoint him.

And the Space did indeed do what Zhao Hai expected. The Space absorbed the poisons, improved the Space’s insecticide, as well as having the Spatial Water cure it immediately. Zhao Hai then brought some of the Spatial Water over to Suju to study. After some time, Suju confirmed that the Spatial Water can now solve the poisons. Moreover, it was very effective.

It was just a pity that they didn’t have a microscope right now. If they did, they would be able to study the poisons and the Spatial Water much more carefully. At this time, they weren’t able to make their own antidote.

Even if Zhao Hai was somewhat disappointed, he still accepted it. After all, the poison had been solved. This was akin to rendering the Radiant Church’s trump card useless. If the Radiant Church wanted to succeed right now, they would need to go through a lot of difficulties.

Of course, the Radiant Church wasn’t entirely relying on the poisons, they had also accumulated a lot of experts and as well as the entire army of the Aksu Empire. They were going all out in dealing with the Beastmen, there weren’t even some





even some defenders left in lifeline canyon!

The Radiant Church knew that if the Rosen Empire used this opportunity to invade the Aksu Empire, then they would become the entire human race’s enemy. Therefore, the church decided to withdraw every soldier stationed in the canyon and had them help fight the Beastmen.

In order to deal with the Beastmen, they even prepared a fleet. This fleet only had one goal; it was to transport a well-equipped army to the interior of the Beastman Prairie and have them wreck havoc there, forcing the Beastmen to retreat. As long as they managed to repel the beastmen with their own strength, the Radiant Church would win, while both the Beastmen and the Rosen Empire lost.

In such big battles, 9th ranks generally opted to not participate. Most of the experts who would fight were 8th ranks or lower. This was because if 9th ranks participate, not only would they devastate the battlefield, they would also cause a catastrophe for the continent. They may cause other races to come and participate, and in the end, it would become a war of the entire Ark Continent.

But Zhao Hai didn’t really expect that this was the case. From what he can see, as long as someone had a 9th rank expert, there would only be a small amount of things that they cannot solve. For example, in this war, 9th ranks would have already been flying all around the place. Zhao Hai didn’t think that this time, no 9th rank was willing to make a move. The strength of both armies were now dependent on the lower ranked experts.

However, Zhao Hai came to understand this arrangement. In Ark Continent, 9th ranks are akin to nuclear weapons, one cannot just use them casually. Unless a clan comes close to being eliminated, 9th rank experts wouldn’t generally go out. Just like when two countries go to war back on earth. It was simply impossible for them to use nuclear weapons.

Zhao Hai approved of this, 9th ranks cannot simply be sent out. This was because 9th ranks were very strong. An ordinary soldier would just become like an ant in front of a 9th rank’s might. If a 9th rank decides to kill ordinary soldiers, then it wouldn’t be impossible for them to kill a thousand in one attack. If 9th ranks participate, then the casualties of the war would exponentially increase.

The Radiant Church was fully prepared for this war because they had already anticipated it for a long time.

On the other hand, the Beastmen were poorly prepared. Because of how they needed to move hastily, one could even say that they were in a disadvantageous position in this war.

The Beastmen also knew about this. However, they still needed to wage war. If

wage war. If not for their need of food for survival, they wouldn’t be going to battle.

But they didn’t know that this war had been orchestrated by the Radiant Church from the very beginning. Each step that lead to this point was carefully calculated by the church.

If Zhao Hai doesn’t help, the Beastmen would surely lose a lot this time. They will lose a lot of warriors as well as face the problem of food shortage. At the same time, the Radiant Church was also lighting a fire inside the Prairie. This would certainly make the Beastmen lose their spirit.

The Radiant Church was playing chess on a huge board. They took everything into consideration, aside from Zhao Hai’s existence. Zhao Hai disrupted their plans time and time again. Zhao Hai had now become an annoying piece on the board. With how Zhao Hai had been meddling in the church’s affairs, he had already become a thorn on their path.

By monitoring the Radiant Church in Aksu Empire, Zhao Hai managed to find out the plans of the Radiant Church. The person who came to the Aksu Empire this time was an Archbishop, a person with a position directly below the Pope. This person was very familiar to Zhao Hai. He was Lindsey Becker’s father, the most influential and powerful Red-robed Archbishop of the Radiant Church, Lundi Becker!

In the past, Lindsey Becker went to attack Zhao Hai, only to be turned into an undead in the end. Zhao Hai also acquired a non-directional teleportation scroll from Lindsey’s body. This task has been given to him by his father. But Lundi didn’t expect his son to get killed, therefore, his enmity towards Zhao Hai was very big.

But Zhao Hai had to recognize how powerful of a person Lundi was. He was one of the key participants when the Radiant Church formulated this plan. Under his influence, the plan slowly unfolded until it came to this point. Once couldn’t deny how fierce this person was.

The Radiant Church had attached great importance to this plan. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have sent an Archbishop to Aksu Empire to assume command. The only reason why they only sent Lundi was so that the commands would go on smoothly. The Archbishops of the church weren’t exactly very harmonious. If a lot of them were sent, they would only fight amongst themselves. Therefore, handing everything over to Lundi was already enough. This also showed Lundi’s place inside the Radiant Church.

Naturally, if everything fails, the responsibility would fall into Lundi’s hands.

Zhao Hai calmly monitored the movements of the church. He now became a spectator in this game of chess. He was waiting for the right opportunity to destroy the entire plan of the Radiant Church. And this opportunity was not far away!





* * *


  












Chapter 541 – Iron Wall Fortress

Even though Zhao Hai knew about these matters, he couldn’t tell it to anyone. This was because he wouldn’t be able to explain how he was able to get his hand on these information.

But Zhao Hai still prepared, this Beastman attack was an excellent opportunity. Even if the Radiant Church had a fool-proof plan, they didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be on the sidelines, looking at their entire plan clearly.

If the Beastmen didn’t attack the Human race for food, then Zhao Hai might have helped the Purcell Duchy. But since the Beastmen were doing this for survival, Zhao Hai chose to just look at the situation for now.

The Beastmen arrived on time, they had finally arrived outside Iron Wall Fortress. Before long, Beastmen tents covered the entire area outside of the Wall.

However, the Purcell Family didn’t give up. They gathered a large number of troops in the Fortress and prepared to face the Beastmen head-on.

Right now, the Purcell Family wasn’t thinking about anything else. They didn’t run away nor give up because they still had their Noble honor.

Nobles were a very special group. They were born with a status higher than the commoners, and they can enjoy things that commoners wouldn’t be able to in their entire livers. They also held the admiration of the masses. But at the same time, they also have a responsibility to protect the commoners.

The Purcell Family was already aware that they wouldn’t be spared this time. Even the elders who opposed going with Zhao Hai understood that the only way for them left was to stay and fight for the honor of the Purcell Family.

Fighting for honor might sound laughable, however, this wasn’t the case for Nobles. A Noble without honor cannot be considered to be a Noble. This was Ark Continent’s unwritten rule.

If a Noble faces their enemy head on and dies, not only would they win respect, their families would gain reputation as well. But if a Noble escapes without fighting, his whole family would be despised. Then it





wouldn’t take a long time before that family declines.

Therefore, Nobles regarded honor the same as their own life and death. And now the Purcell Family was prepared to face the Beastmen and fight to the last man. They needed to fight for their territory until the bitter end.

For this battle, the Purcell Family had done all the preparation that they can. Although they had given the majority of their money to Ruyen, as a millenium-old clan, they still had ample money left. When they had the people in the Duchy leave, they also gave a lot of money to the families of their soldiers as settlement. In fact, one could even say that this settlement was equal to buying the lives of their soldiers.

Even if the Purcell Family wasn’t one of the strongest millenium-old families, they were still one. They had established their own principality. They also treated the soldiers in their Duchy like family members. And like family, the soldiers were very loyal towards the family. Because of this, one couldn’t just underestimate the might of the Purcell Family.

The entire continent’s attention were now focused on Iron Wall Fortress. The people of the continent were no strangers to battles between the Beastmen and Humans. However, this was the first war between the two that attracted a lot of people’s attention.

The main reason for this attention was the Purcell Family. From what the people can see, the Aksu Empire had chosen to give up on the Purcell Family. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be this unsupportive.

Moreover, some rumors from the Rosen Empire and the Calci Family were also starting to spread. With the help of the Buda Clan and the Shelley Family, the people came to understand why the Aksu Empire chose to do this.

The Nobles of the continent weren’t fools. After seeing how the Radiant Church acted inside the Aksu Empire, they immediately believed the rumors. In a blink of an eye, the Great Nobles of the continent started to focus their sights towards the Radiant Church.

The Great Nobles of the other countries didn’t





didn’t attach great importance to the Radiant Church. To them, it was just a church, how could it be powerful. But as soon as the rumors spread, they immediately paid careful attention. An Empire was just occupied by the Radiant Church. How did they manage to do that?

Therefore, the people paid attention to this war not only because it was a war between two races. They also wanted to see how the Radiant Church responds.

In truth, the response of the Radiant Church disappointed these Great Nobles. This war wasn’t between two families, it was a war between two races. No matter what the Radiant Church thinks, they should still provide help for the Purcell Family. After all, the Purcell Family were also Humans.

But instead, the Radiant Church had actually chosen to sacrifice the Purcell Family. The Great Nobles didn’t consider why the Radiant Church chose to do this. They only knew that the Radiant Church gave up on helping the Purcell Family.

While the people’s attention was on the Purcell Duchy, Zhao Hai actually arrived at the Cow-headed race’s main camp. In this war, the Cow-headed Race didn’t request to be on the forefront, but instead opted to stay at the rear part of the army. They became responsible for looking after the Argali as well as delivering some food to the front.

Even if the Cow-headed Race weren’t the strongest Beastmen, their strength was still not bad. In the previous wars, they even performed very well. When they suddenly asked for such a position this time, it wasn’t a mystery why the other Beastmen became surprised.

However, the other Beastmen also knew about what happened to the Cow-headed Race. Therefore, they understood this decision. Moreover, the Radiant Church’s action of snatching some Beastmen children became known. The Radiant Church would brainwash those children before placing them inside a Beastman Tribe and had them wreck havoc inside. This finding became a great merit towards the whole Beastman Race. Because of this nobody looked down on the Cow-headed race. On the contrary, they held great admiration towards them.





towards them. The other races also made a thorough investigation with their members to see if there were spies among them.

Not to mention the common races who found 1 or 2 spies, the Warring Races actually found a lot of them amidst their members. This made those races extremely angry. Their present goal was now to teach the Radiant Church a lesson. Nobody got angry because of the Cow-headed Race’s retreat to the backlines. Instead, with the help of the Black Bears, the Cow-headed Race had also managed to form a relationship with the Tiger-headed Race.

Having a connection with such a huge Warring Clan brought huge advantages to the Cow-headed Beastmen.

So now, Wales was having a very comfortable time. He was currently part of the Rear army and was only taking care of the food and commodities. They didn’t have any fighting duties but were one of the people who ate the best. To Wales, being in the rear army was a very luxurious position.

Naturally, this is only his opinion. To the other Beastmen Races, being in the Rear Army was not a good idea. Although the Rear Army was the most relaxed in battles, they were also the ones who received the least after the war.

But Wales didn’t care about any of these, he has Zhao Hai so he was not living simply. The most important thing to the Cow-headed Race right now was to recover and gain some strength.

The fighting force of the Cow-headed Race was composed of the Herculean Bulls as well as other strong tribes. And among them, the Herculean Bulls were the most familiar with Zhao Hai. So when he came to their camp, the other Cow-headed Tribes were looking at him and became very vigilant.

However, the Herculean Bulls knew Zhao Hai, so when the other tribes were introduced to him, they instantly became very hospitable. Just a short time after Zhao Hai arrived at the camp, he was already invited into Wales’ tent.

Although the Beastmen loved drinking, they only consume small amounts of liquor when going to war. Therefore,

to war. Therefore, what Wales offered to Zhao Hai this time was milk tea.

Wales looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, how can you come here at this time. This is too dangerous for you. If any Human is present, you wouldn’t be able to come back to the Human domain in the future.”

Although Wales didn’t have much contact with Humans before, he was very clear about how Humans think. If the Humans knew that Zhao Hai went to visit him, then Zhao Hai would be hated by the entire human race in the future.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Brother doesn’t need to worry. I can guarantee that nobody saw me this time. Also, Brother, I came this time to tell you something about this war.

Wales nodded, he held absolute trust towards Zhao Hai. He believed that Zhao Hai wouldn’t deceive him. Therefore, he nodded and then waited for Zhao Hai’s words.

Zhao Hai told Wales about what he knew, the poisons, the Radiant Church’s plan, and so on. Then Zhao Hai said, “Brother, the war this time was completely anticipated by the Radiant Church. Their aim was to push the Beastmen to war so that they can repel the Beastmen with their own strength, establishing their might to the continent. And at the same time, they would thoroughly harm the Beastmen.

Wales cannot believe what he just heard, “So you’re telling me that the Radiant Church sacrificed the Purcell Family in order to use the poison and deal with us? That’s terrible news.”

Then Zhao Hai put out a water bag and handed it over to Wales, “Brother, have a Witch Doctor examine the water in this bag. Then have someone drink it, then you’ll be able to confirm the Radiant Church’s plan.”

Zhao Hai knew that facts speak louder than words. Before he went to visit Wales, he already had this water bag prepared. The water in this bag contained the second half of the Radiant Church’s Poison. After all, the Herculean Bulls were also one of the research subjects of the Radiant Church.





* * *


  












Chapter 542 – Beast King

In fact, the Radiant Church was very annoyed regarding this as well. Initially, their plan of eliminating with the Herculean Bulls was part of the plan for today. They wanted to deal with the Herculean Bulls using the Fighting Bulls, then have them take the Rear Army. Then in this war, the Fighting Bulls would administer the poison from behind the Beastmen Army. This was to double their chance of the plan succeeding.

However, they didn’t expect that Zhao Hai’s appearance would actually make their plans fail. But fortunately for the Radiant Church, the Herculean Bulls had already ingested the first part of the poison. Because of this, the church’s plan can still be more or less realized.

In fact, the cooperation between the Radiant Church and the Fighting Bulls wasn’t as good as it seems. Although the Church used the Fighting Bulls to deal with the Herculean Bulls, they had never thought of letting the Fighting Bulls off. Therefore, whether it be the Fighting Bulls or the Herculean Bulls, both of them were given the first part of the poison.

Wales wasn’t polite and immediately received the water bag. Then he went to find a Witch Doctor and had them examine the liquid inside the bag. And naturally, the answer that the Witch Doctor gave was that it didn’t have any problems.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be curious when he saw the Witch Doctor. The Doctor was actually from the Water Buffalo Tribe. He didn’t expect the Water Buffalo Tribe to produce Prophets, Witch Doctors, as well as Shamans.

When Wales heard what the Witch Doctor said, he immediately went to get a Herculean Bull warrior and had him drink the liquid in the bag. Although the warrior didn’t know why, he still obeyed and drank from the bag. Even if he only took a sip, a minute after he placed the bag down, he was already affected by the poison and softly fell to the ground. Although he hadn’t been directly harmed, he had completely lost his ability to fight.

Zhao Hai immediately got a cup of Spatial water and saved the Herculean Bull. Then after that, Zhao Hai had all of the Cow-headed Race drink some Spatial Water. Naturally Wales didn’t oppose to it. On the contrary, he urged his fellow Beastmen to





drink Zhao Hai’s water. While the Beastmen were drinking, Wales took the water bag and went to look for the Mastiff Tribe.

Going from race to race was the best thing to do right now. If Zhao Hai directly went to the Lion and Tiger-headed Tribes, most of them wouldn’t believe him.

Zhao Hai didn’t go to the Dog-headed Race along with Wales. Although he was also friends with the Dog-headed Beastmen, he was still busy feeding water to the other Cow-headed Beastmen. Therefore, he made Wales go by himself.

After the Dog-headed Beastmen heard Wales, they were startled. Then they went to look for a Mastiff Warrior to test it out. In the end, the result was the same as with the Herculean Bull Warrior. Naturally, Wales also brought some of Zhao Hai’s Spatial Water to cure the Mastiff Warrior.

However, just to be sure, Buzeer went to look for a half-beastman slave and had him drink the poisoned liquid. The result was that the half-beastman slave wasn’t affected at all.

Half-beastman slaves didn’t have a high status in the Beastman Prairie, they weren’t fighting races either. It would be a waste to give them poison. Therefore, most Beastmen slaves remained unaffected by the poison.

After the testing, Buzeer finally believed that the majority of the Beastman Races were poisoned. He immediately sent someone to invite Zhao Hai over. Zhao Hai had also brought enough Spatial Water. Therefore, the Herculean Bulls started to go to the other Cow-headed Beastmen and had them drink the Spatial Water.

The status of the Herculean Bulls among the Cow-headed Beastmen was very high. So these beastmen were very trusting towards the Herculean Bulls. Not to mention drinking the Spatial Water, even if they were asked to drink dirty water, they would still do it.

After Zhao Hai arrived at the Dog-headed Beastman’s camp, he immediately retold the story to Buzeer. Then he took out some Spatial Water and gave them to the Dog-headed Beastmen to drink. After having drunk the water, the Dog-headed Beastmen tested themselves again. But now, they weren’t affected after drinking the poisoned water anymore.

Buzeer attached great importance to this matter. He knew that if the Radiant Church succeeds in executing this plan, the Beastmen would be suffering huge losses.

Buzeer immediately took the water bag and went to see the Bear Tribe along with





with Zhao Hai. The Dog-headed Beastmen couldn’t talk with those big Warring Tribes. But the Black Bear Tribe was different, it was itself a big Warring Tribe. They had enough qualifications to discuss matters with the other Warring Tribes. Therefore, Buzeer decided to look for the Black Bear Patriarch.

The Black Bear Patriarch personally led their army this time. In the past few years, the Black Bears haven’t had the greatest lives among the Beastmen. After they were deceived by that Human Merchant, they had never managed to recover. Because of this, even their status as a Warring Tribe became under crisis.

But even if the Black Bears have been struggling, they still managed to keep their formidable strength. In front of their might, even the Tigers and Lions would have to withdraw. Nobody dared to provoke the Black Bears.

The news that Buzeer brought was also deemed important by the Black Bear Patriarch. After asking from Buzeer and learned that this came from Zhao Hai, he instantly believed it. He trusted that Zhao Hai wouldn’t lie to him. In giving this message, Zhao Hai wouldn’t gain any benefit, so he didn’t need to lie to them.[1]

The Black Bear Patriarch immediately sent this message over to the Tiger-headed Race. Compared to the Lion-headed race, the Black Bears had a better relationship with the Tigers. At the same time, the leader of the Beastman coalition was also from the Tiger-headed Race,

The Tigers also held this matter at great importance. This was because the information that Zhao Hai just brought would directly affect the outcome of the war. Therefore, they immediately had the Black Bears invite Zhao Hai over.

Zhao Hai already expected this to happen, but he still had some disguise. At the very least, he changed his looks. Now, he looks older than his actual age, he looks like a 30-year old man.

This time, because the Beastmen were attacking as one, they only have one golden tent. This golden tent also belonged to the Tiger-headed Beastmen.

Zhao Hai followed a Tiger Warrior into the golden tent. This was the first time that he had seen a Tiger-headed Beastman up close. The Tiger Warriors looked very powerful. Each one of them had about the height of 3.5 meters. They also had eyes that seem to see through a person’s soul.

Zhao Hai knew that





knew that the Tiger Beastman had a type of innate skill. This unique skill was called Soul-Shaking Gaze. On the other hand, the Lion Beastmen had their own unique skill as well. This skill was called Soul-Seizing Roar.

It was because of these abilities that the two Races can become candidates for the Beastman Race’s Royal Tribe position. Their innate skills were something that other Beastmen couldn’t face. Especially the Tigers’ Soul-Shaking Gaze, this skill was truly formidable. As long as a Tiger Beastman looked at a person, that target would immediately feel frightened and lose spirit. If that target was an enemy, their souls would be shaken, rendering them unable to move.

On the other hand, the Lions’ Soul-Seizing Roar was not as good as the Tigers’ ability. Their ability can only used for the first time. After using it once, their effect would become less than before.

Moreover, the Lion-headed Race’s fighting strength was a bit lower than the Tiger-headed Race. This made the overall strength of the Tigers much stronger than the Lions. Therefore, the Tigers were able to suppress the Lions.

When the Tiger Warrior looked at Zhao Hai, he became surprised. Under his gaze, Zhao Hai didn’t have any unusual reactions. This made the Tiger Beastman very curious.

After Zhao Hai entered the tent, he saw that various Patriarchs of various races were present. Among them were Wales, Buzeer, the Wolf King, and the Black Bear Patriarch. The other Patriarchs were people he hadn’t met before. Then on the center of them all, a Tiger Beastman was seen sitting down.

This Tiger Beastman seemed to be quite old. The hairs on his face had already turned white. However, this aspect actually made him look much more wise. When Zhao Hai saw this Tiger, he suddenly remembered a sentence, Old tigers are treasure troves of Knowledge! This Tiger Beastman gave Zhao Hai the same feeling.

Zhao Hai gave his greetings to the Tiger Patriarch first before giving his greetings to the others as well. Those who knew Zhao Hai were being polite to him. After all, from the Black Bear Patriarch said, Zhao Hai was the owner of Magic Lily Shop. Zhao Hai’s identity was very attractive to these Beastman Patriarchs.

The Tiger Patriarch stared at Zhao Hai for some little time, then he suddenly smiled and said, “Young man, why would

man, why would we believe the information that you brought?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Honored Beast King, do I have any reason to lie to you? I have great enmity with the Radiant Church, it’s an enmity of life and death. At the same time, I’m the Cow-headed Race’s Foreign Prince, if I harm the Beastmen, then I would only be helping the Radiant Church, and in turn, harming myself. I believe any sane person wouldn’t dare to do so.”

Although the leader of the Beastmen wasn’t fixed, but no matter who the leader was, all of them were referred to as Beast King. Therefore, Zhao Hai’s greeting wasn’t wrong.

The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You said that our attack is part of the Radiant Church’s plan. That they had poisoned the waters of the Purcell Duchy while waiting for us. Is this true?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It is. This plan was executed by the Radiant Church for a long time. They were now unsatisfied in just being a church, they wanted to control a country, and then completely brainwash their citizens. This is the current state of the Aksu Empire. His Majesty Beast King should know what would happen if the Radiant Church came to control the entire Aksu Empire. This would be akin to cutting the passage of Humans going into the Beastman Prairie. After that, Human Merchants who would want to trade with the Beastmen would find it hard to come to the Prairie. With this arrangement, the Radiant Church would be able to control the life and death of the entire Beastman Race.

Even if the Beast King’s expression didn’t change, the expressions of the others did. They were very clear about what happens if the Radiant Church came to control the Aksu Empire. From this point, all of them knew that Zhao Hai didn’t deceive them, he was telling the truth.

Zhao Hai then added, “This matter will also have a similar impact to the Humans. Once the Radiant Church succeeds in repelling the Beastmen, their momentum would be able to soar into the skies. There wouldn’t be anyone who would be able to contend with their influence. And as their enemy, I would be one of the first ones to experience bad luck.”






* * *


  












Chapter 543 – Arrangement

The Beast King stared at Zhao Hai and said, “You’re a Human. Would you dare stab your race at the back?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, if I may speak discreetly. My purpose this time is to deal with the Radiant Church. Moreover, I’m different from other people. In my opinion, the Beastmen are the same as Humans, just same intellectual beings of the Continent. I don’t think that the Beastmen are any worse than the Humans, and at the same time, I don’t think that the Humans are any worse than the Beastmen. I think everyone is equal. To tell you the truth, if the Beastmen decides to invade the Human domain, even if I’m the Foreign Prince of the Cow-headed Race, i would still make a move to stop the Beastmen. And since the Beastmen are doing it for survival, and is now about to fall into the Radiant Church’s trap, I couldn’t just sit still and watch. In the end, I’m still the Foreign Prince of the Cow-headed Race, I also consider myself as half-Beastman.”

The Beast King and the other Beastman Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai in surprise. They didn’t think that Zhao Hai’s answer would be something that they didn’t even think about.

Especially when Zhao Hai said that if the Beastmen would invade the Human domain, he would step in and help resist them. It wasn’t only the Beastmen Patriarchs who were surprised about this, even Wales was startled.

The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and then suddenly laughed. His laughter was in a low sinking voice, it even seemed to resemble a roar. It was a very thick laughter, it shook the entire tent.

After some time, the Beast King stopped his laughter and turned his head to Zhao Hai, “Good, young man. You really are a genuine friend to the Beastmen. I believe you. This information that you’ve brought is very important to us. I’ll have to ask you to provide the antidotes to the poison.”

Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Beast King to be this open-minded. But Zhao Hai still nodded and then put out a canteen. He passed the canteen over to everyone inside and had them drink from it. After that Zhao Hai said, “I’ll have to request His Majesty to prepare wooden barrels. I’ll have them filled up with the antidote. After curing the poison, you won’t have anymore issues.”

The Beast King nodded, then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young man, once this war ends, don’t forget to visit our Giant Tiger Tribe when you return to the Prairie. Our race lacks almost everything, we’ll buy anything you bring to us.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m honored to gain the recognition of His Majesty. I’ll certainly go visit in the future.”

The Beast King nodded, then he waved his hand to Zhao Hai, allowing him to leave the tent. Soon after Zhao Hai left





the tent, the Beast King looked at Wales and said, “Patriarch Wales, you understand this Zhao Hai the most. Is he really sincere in what he said?”

Wales didn’t hesitate to nod and said, “Yes, Zhao Hai isn’t an ordinary Human. He lives up to his own words and doesn’t like to talk empty. From the first time that I’ve met him, I’ve never seen him look down on other Beastmen. In fact, the first friendship flag that he gained wasn’t from our Herculean Bull Tribe, but from the Big Bellied Pig Tribe. After I met him, I immediately had someone go check and indeed, the friendship flag was willfully given by them to Zhao Hai. I also know that he’s feeling very indignant towards our current situation right now, so he will naturally do his best to help us.”

The Beast King nodded, then he turned to Buzeer and said, “Patriarch Buzeer, tell me what is your thinking.”

Buzeer nodded and said “i agree with Wales’ views. Little Hai is a good person. In fact, if he wanted to harm us, we wouldn’t even know that this matter was because of the Radiant Church.”

Without waiting for the Beast King to speak, the Old Wolf King added, “I also think that this Zhao Hai is a person who could be trusted. He is very different from the other Humans, this we saw from the first time we met him. Otherwise, our Wolf Tribe wouldn’t have traded with him.”

The Black Bear Patriarch added as well, “I believe Little Hai wouldn’t deceive us. I think the most important thing we need to do right now is to send some people back to the Prairie, informing all of the tribes to pay attention to the Human fleet. It’s for certain that the fleet had elite troops within. If we don’t do anything about that and make them land on the Prairie, the damage that they can do would be certainly huge.”

The Beast King nodded and said, “Hawk Tribe Patriarch, immediately send this information over to the Prairie. Have some smaller tribes group up and head towards the shorelines. Make them prepare to engage the disembarked Human troops. I don’t believe the Humans can compete to our own Cavalry. Also, have some Prophets help them defend. The Humans might have sent some Mages to help in this operation.”

The Hawk Tribe Patriarch immediately nodded. He knew that this matter was very important for the entire Beastman Race. He cannot be careless in this, he must then assemble his most capable men to accomplish it.

The Beast King then looked at the others and said, “The Humans are already expecting our attack, they’re now waiting for us inside the Purcell Duchy. This is not a good news for us, but it can also be an opportunity for our Beastman army. The Wolf Tribe, Tiger Tribe, Lion Tribe, Leopard Tribe, Dog Tribe, and also the Hawk Tribe need to stand





stand by. In the next few days, we would have the other Tribes carry an attack towards the Purcell Duchy. But remember, this is only a diversion, our main offense would not be situated there. Those Tribes that I mentioned earlier will need to get your most silent mounts and use them. In the following evenings, we shall be shifting our offense towards the Iksa Family Domain. The Iksa Family is no longer in control of that place. Moreover, there are armies stationed there, waiting to ambush us in the Purcell Duchy. We will do the same to them. Your strengths aren’t weak, so you would be able to overwhelm the domain in a short period of time. After that, when the armies turn towards you, lessening the troops focused on the Purcell Domain, we shall then go all out in overcoming Iron Wall Fortress. With our two fronts, we should be able to advance much easier.”

These Beastmen don’t accept any orders from anyone during peacetime, especially the Big Warring Races. Every one of them held equal status. Even the Beast King couldn’t casually throw out some commands for them to follow. However, since it was wartime, the Beast King’s words held very heavy authority.

Therefore, the people in the tent immediately issued a shout of agreement. Then they went on to prepare their troops. These Patriarchs were veterans in combat, the Beast King only needed to tell them where and when to attack, anything else can be managed by them.

After all, each race had their own preferences of attack, and the most familiar with them were the Patriarchs. The only thing that the Beast King needed to do was provide them with a direction.

After these Patriarchs left the tent, they gawked. They were presently looking at their tribemates happily drinking the antidote. And when they walked closer to look, it wasn’t actually water, but instead liquor.

This was a way that Zhao Hai came up with. He gave them liquor because Beastmen preferred wine over water.

Zhao Hai had only remembered this point after he left the tent. So he put some Spatial Water into the liquors before he handed them over to the Beastmen. Not only would it have the effect of an antidote, the Beastmen would also enjoy drinking it more.

When Wales asked Zhao Hai what happened, he felt relief. Even if the Beastmen weren’t permitted to drink too much liquor during wartime, it wasn’t prohibited. Disallowing the Beastmen to drink was an utterly impossible thing to do.

Zhao Hai went with Wales in returning to the Herculean Bull Tent. After they sat down, Zhao Hai looked at Wales and said, “Brother, since this matter had already been completed, I think I need to head back. I cannot be here for too long.”

Wales nodded, “Brother should head back. Rest assured, we’ll surely let the Radiant Church suffer a big loss this time. If possible, we would surely flatten the entire Aksu





entire Aksu Empire to take revenge on your behalf.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That would be really good. But Brother, you must pay attention. If the other Beastmen still wants to fight after clearing the Aksu Empire, you should stop them. I’ve already become quite famous in Rosen Empire, it wouldn’t be good too attack them. At the same time, after you clear the Aksu Empire, I will talk to the Rosen Emperor and have him trade food with the Beastmen in a cheap price. This arrangement is greater than fighting, I’m sure the other Beastmen would agree.”

Wales nodded, even if the other Beastmen weren’t familiar with Zhao Hai, he was. He fully knows that Zhao Hai has an Undead Army numbering about a million. Moreover, some of them were Beastmen, imagining how strong they were made Wales shudder inside.

Actually, Wales had underestimated Zhao Hai. At this point, Zhao Hai’s undead had already reached 1.5 million. And these undead are all equivalent to 8th rank experts.


Zhao Hai looked at Wales and said, “Brother, take care of yourself. When the war ends, I’ll go to the Prairie and have a drink with you.”

Wales laughed and said, “Alright, I’ll wait for you. I believe this war would end quickly. As soon as we finish attacking the Aksu Empire, I expect that the end would be too soon.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t say anything more. But he still regarded Wales’ words. Whether it be the Radiant Church or the Aksu Empire, both of them had underestimated the combat power of the Beastmen. They thought that with their plan, the Beastmen would surely suffer a lot. But now that the Beastmen had known their arrangement, the trump card that they had prepared was now useless. It would now be very difficult for them to succeed. At this point, the Beastmen wasn’t afraid of anyone.

After chatting with Wales for quite some time, Zhao Hai left the Beastman Camp. He then walked towards the direction of the Prairie before vanishing to the Space when no one can no longer see him.

At this time, Laura and the others were inside the Space. Although Laura was busy with handling the Markey Family, she still loved staying inside the Space. The atmosphere inside the Space was very good, and it was also very comfortable inside. It was no wonder that people were reluctant to leave.

Aside from handling the Markey Family’s matters inside the Space, Laura had also chosen to simply live inside the Space. In fact, Zhao Hai did the same, he was now mainly staying inside the Villa.

Lizzy was now back at Carson City’s Imperial Palace. Naturally, that

Palace. Naturally, that was only for formality. In reality, the majority of her time was spent inside the Space. She would only exit during the times where she would accompany the Emperor. The Emperor didn’t know about any of these, he thought that Lizzy wanted to stay here with him, this made him unbearably glad.

Seeing that Zhao Hai had returned, Laura and the others went to greet him. Everything that Zhao Hai said and did while in the Beastman camp was known to them. After seeing the arrangements of the Beast King, Laura and the others knew that the time of war was already decided.

After the group sat down, Laura looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Brother Hai, isn’t this just like watching a play? To be honest, I think that there would be no suspense in the result of this war.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It is indeed like a play. With the Beastmen’s arrangement, the Radiant Church wouldn’t be able to gain any advantage. Even if the Beastmen didn’t go all out, all of their troops were still the elite. This attack would certainly give a lesson to the Radiant Church. With how the church underestimates the Beastmen, the result of this war wouldn’t be a huge mystery.”

Lizzy frowned and said, “Big Brother Hai, what if the Radiant Church goes all-out desperately, making their 9th ranks move? You should know that the Radiant Church are able to do this.”

Zhao Hai’s brows wrinkled and then said, “That is possible. But I think that the Beastmen should already be prepared for this outcome. After all, this war is extremely important to their survival. It would be impossible for the Beastmen to prepare poorly. Cai’er, in the Beastman Camp, can you spot any 9th rank experts?”

Cai’er shook her head and said, “Not in the Beastman Camp. However, I can detect several 9th ranks outside the camp. From what I can see there were no less than ten 9th rank Beastman experts.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to Laura and the others and said, “I thought so. You should have seen the Beast King, he isn’t a simple character. He can’t allow their army to be overly underprepared. After all, elites of the Beastmen Race came to participate in the war. If a 9th rank was to come and eradicate them, the damage done to the Beastmen would surely be severe.”

Megan nodded and said, “I also think that the Beast King isn’t simple, just by what I can see in the monitor. Although he is a Beastman, his temperament doesn’t have any difference compared to Human Monarchs. Even his Majesty the Emperor looked worse compared to him.”

Lizzy wasn’t offended, instead she nodded and said, “That’s true, compared to the Beast King, my father looked less domineering. Most importantly, the Beast King seemed to be a veteran fighter himself. No wonder he can make decisions in such a short period of time.”





* * *


  












Chapter 544 – The Fight Begins

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “He became the Beast King, how could he be so simple? Beast Kings are different from Human Monarchs. Beast Kings aren’t permanent, if the Beast King becomes unqualified, he would immediately get dethroned.”

Laura nodded, and then said, “I think this is a great method. This way, they would gain a good leader that will benefit the entire Beastman Race.

Zhao Hai faintly smiled, “This is in line to the nature of the Beastmen. They need a strong leader, but that leader must also gain their recognition.”

Megan then said, “Big Brother Hai, since the Beastmen changed their point of attack to the Iksa Family, will the Purcell Family be more relaxed?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Not necessarily. The Beastmen would still be doing an attack to Iron Wall Fortress as a diversion. But don’t expect that this diversion would be any weak. Moreover, once they pierce through the Iksa Domain, the attack on Iron Wall Fortress would certainly turn more violent. The Beastmen wanted to advance in two directions since this would derail the Radiant Church’s preparations.”

Megan sighed and said, “So you’re saying, that there’s only a small chance for the Purcell Duchy to be spared?”

Zhao Hai sighed, he already thought about this situation. It was already on his mind when he asked Evan to leave. No matter which way the Beastmen move, the Purcell Family would still suffer bad luck.

The position of the Purcell Family determined their fate. Their territory was too close to the Beastman Prairie. Because of this, once the Beastmen decided to attack, they would be the first ones to experience it.

Fortunately for them, the relationship between the Beastmen and the Humans were going peacefully in the past few years. Because of this, the Purcell Family has been living good lives. And as a result they had increased their grain trade towards the Prairie. This would not only bring them profits, it would also provide the Beastmen some food, making them refrain from attacking the Duchy.

The Beastman Prairie is too big, but there were still Beastmen who couldn’t have their own land there. Therefore, once the Beastmen go to war with the Humans, the latter would definitely





have a hard time. So the Humans weren’t willing to act unreasonably and spite the Beastmen’s rage.

Laura also sighed, then she turned her attention to the screen and said, “Who knows how many people are going to die in the Aksu Empire.”

Zhao Hai sighed as well, “We can only accept this outcome. Don’t forget, if it weren’t for us, not only would there be deaths in the Aksu Empire, a lot of Beastmen would die as well. The Radiant Church are planning genocide, they’re religious maniacs, that’s what they do.”

Laura felt helpless, she knew that what Zhao Hai said wasn’t nonsense. The people of the Radiant Church had clear intentions. They always regarded all of those who didn’t believe in the Radiant God as heretics. And for the Church, the Beastmen were the greatest heretics out there. If the Radiant Church managed to deal with all of the Beastmen Elite at this time, then the other Beastmen wouldn’t be able to fare very well.

Lizzy looked at the monitor and said, “We shall see what the Radiant Church would do in the next few days. But in my opinion, they are going to fail this time. However, this shouldn’t be affect them in a big way. After all, they only sent in a Red-robed Archbishop this time. Also, the bulk of their manpower was still from the Aksu Empire. They didn’t use much of their own strength.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “But with this failure, their reputation should suffer quite a blow. And with their occupation of the Aksu Empire, those other countries that they had been friends with would become more vigilant. They would be afraid of falling into the same state.”

Lizzy nodded, “That would be better. The Radiant Church’s present influence had gone too big. This is a bad thing for the stability of the Continent.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the Beastmen on the monitor. They didn’t make a move immediately, and were still in the middle of preparation. Since there was nothing else to look at, Zhao Hai looked at the others and said, “Alright, let’s take a break. I think the Beastmen will move tonight. Let’s wait until then and watch.”

Laura nodded, then she looked at Zhao





Zhao Hai and said, “Now that the entire continent knows the bad things that had happened to the Iksa Family as well as the current situation of the Purcell Duchy, they would surely start to pay attention towards the Radiant Church. The Radiant Church should be attaching great importance to this war, otherwise, they would be placed in a disadvantage once they get defeated.”

Zhao Hai agreed, “I think that the Radiant Church already understood this point. However, they are too convinced of their flawless preparations. But they didn’t expect us to have the scissors that would cut a hole in their plans.”

As soon as Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai, they smiled. After looking at the time and chatting for a few moments, all of them took a rest. Zhao Hai believed that the Beastmen would take action in this evening. He wanted to see how they plan to move.

It was not only Zhao Hai who thought about this, the entire continent was also paying attention. They wanted to know how the Beastmen would start the war. Although they didn’t know about the Radiant Church’s poison, they knew about the arrangements that the church has made. They wanted to know how the Beastmen would get cornered.

The night after Zhao Hai’s visit to the camp, the Beastmen made their move. By the Beast King’s orders, the assigned races left the camp in batches. They didn’t immediately go towards the Iksa Family’s territory. Instead, they turned around and headed back to the Prairie.

With regards to understanding the Prairie, the Humans cannot compete with the Beastmen. Therefore, what they decided to do right now was to head back to the Prairie and the circle around towards the Iksa Family domain, this way they cannot be seen by Humans.

The Prairie was too large that it would be impossible for the Humans to send their assassins and observe the movements of the Beastmen.

Zhao Hai sat in the Space and calmly looked at the movements of the Beastmen. He knew that the war was starting. But in this war, his contribution was only the information that he gave, he will not be involved firsthand. At the very best he can be described as a bystander.

Laura also observed the





observed the Beastmen’s movement. After looking at the monitor for a while, Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and smiled, “Brother Hai, if another person tells me that the Beastmen are dumb, I would scold them like child.”

Megan and the other ladies were observing as well. The movement of the Beastmen were done discreetly. They didn’t move a lot of troops nor did they take them all. They left some in order to act as decoys, confusing the enemy. This actions were very remarkable, one that deserved merit.

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “The Beastmen aren’t really dumb, they are just seen like that because of their temperament and the way some of them easily trust people. Right, no need to talk about that. It seems like there’s nothing else to see right now. Damn, we miscalculated, I slept too much during the day. Now I cannot sleep anymore. My wives, should we do something else?”

When they heard Zhao Hai, they stared for a moment before they understood. All of their faces couldn’t help but get red, then Laura snorted and said, “All of us are here. Can you handle it? Are you going to be okay?”

Zhao Hai seemed offended as he said, “I will prove it today!” Then he threw himself towards Laura and the others as a squeal was heard in the villa.

The next morning, the Beastmen started their attack on Iron Mountain Fort. Their attacks were loud like thunder but was weak like raindrop. Although they looked aggressive, their contact with the enemy was not really a lot.

This made Evan and the others surprised. They understood that this wasn’t how the Beastmen were supposed to fight. Did the Beastmen change their ways?

Zhao Hai knew that the Beastmen didn’t change, they just didn’t want too many casualties in this deceptive attack. Although Zhao Hai can just tell these matters to Evan, he chose to refrain from doing so. There were times where a person cannot be too selfless.

If he tells Evan about the Radiant Church’s poison and Evan connects it to the response of the Beastmen, Evan would find out that he leaked the information to the Beastmen. If Evan knows, then it wouldn’t take a long time before everyone

time before everyone in the continent knows. When this spreads, Zhao Hai would become a traitor to the eyes of the other humans. And this wasn’t something that Zhao Hai wanted to see.

Although in the mind of Zhao Hai, the Humans and the Beastmen were no different. But in the Ark Continent, the two of them were distinct. This sentiment wasn’t something that Zhao Hai can change alone.

If he makes the Humans know that he helped the Beastmen deal with other Humans, then he would certainly become the Human race’s number one enemy. He will turn into a traitor, this was not a wonderful outcome.

Because of this, Zhao Hai didn’t tell Evan about the situation of both the Radiant Church and the Beastman Race. After all, Evan and the others were already convinced that they’d die, and Zhao Hai also needed to consider the entire Buda Clan.

The Beastmen weren’t fools, they knew that if their deceptive attacks were done halfheartedly, people would start to doubt. Therefore, when evening came, they also made a night assault. This made Evan prepare for battles at night in addition to the battles at day.

Naturally, the night assault didn’t succeed, but this also dispersed some of the doubts that Evan had. But at the same time as the assault on Iron Wall Fortress, the relocated Beastman army proceeded to head towards the Iksa Family’s territory. The Hawk Tribe then sent this information over to the Beast King at the soonest possible time.

Now, the Radiant Church was playing a game with the Beastmen. The Radiant Church had opened a poisonous bag for the Beastmen to crawl into. But the Beastmen actually put out an act while at the same time, sending a knife to cut the bag at the side. If the Beastmen succeed, then the Radiant Church would have to take a long time before they can recover.

The Radiant Church wasn’t aware that the Beastmen had already found out about their poison plan. They had always thought that the Beastmen would obediently go enter their trap. The Radiant Church’s understanding about the recent encounter was that the Beastmen had come from afar and still hasn’t adapted to the environment, which explains the weakness of their initial attack.





* * *


  












Chapter 545 – The Radiant Church’s Hope

The next day, the Beastman attack on the Wall had suddenly become violent. The Beast King understood that if the Beastmen were to continue on with its half-hearted attack, the Humans would start to look down on them. Therefore, he made the army increase the intensity of their assault. This motion can also shield the other group much more effectively.

Sure enough, the continent began to focus their attention towards Iron Wall Fortress. The Humans were very familiar with the Beastman Race, they knew that the Beastmen had combat capabilities not lower compared to the Humans. At the same time, the Beastmen weren’t mindless fighters as well. Then can also do advanced movements such as carrying out reconnaissance missions, especially the Hawk Tribe. With their flying abilities, their scouts were vastly better than the Humans.

Because of this, the Radiant Church had placed a large amount of their army in the Iksa Territory while leaving the Purcell Family to face the Beastmen alone. This way, when the Beastmen see the heavily armored soldiers in the Iksa Territory, they would think twice in attacking there and would instead opt to attack the Purcell Duchy. This was the script that the Radiant Church had written for the Beastmen.

And so, the Beastmen were fully cooperating in this play. They launched a frantic attack at Iron Wall Fortress, making the Purcell Family suffer huge losses. The Beastmen’s losses weren’t small either, but they were used to it, this was the Beastmen’s way of attack, frantic, and without a shred of holding back.

This crazy attacking method of the Beastmen was something that only few humans can withstand. Therefore, ordinary human armies wouldn’t go to field battles with the Beastmen. This was because they were aware that the Beastmen Cavalry would have its greatest strength in the field.

Although the Heavy Armored Infantry of the continent can cope with the Beastman Cavalry, that consideration was only made against general Beastman Cavalry. When it comes to the Big Warring Races, those Heavy Armored Infantry would become totally powerless.

Naturally, the Humans also had a way of dealing with these Beastman Cavalries. Most Beastmen didn’t have any armor, but





Humans have Heavy Armor Cavalry. The charge of these Heavy Armor Cavalry can be lethal against the Beastmen. However, creating Heavy Armor Cavalry was extremely expensive. Even a powerful empire such as the Aksu Empire only had a few of these cavalries on hand.

Also, Beastmen weren’t very good at siege warfare. Beastman wars generally happen on the flat fields of the Prairie, with both cavalries going head to head with each other. Because of this, the Beastmen didn’t have much experience when it came to attacking a city.

On the other hand, Humans were experts in siege warfare. In the entire human history, most of its battles were siege battles. So they were knowledgeable about attacking and defending a city. Therefore, in a war between Beastmen and Humans, the most important thing that Humans could do was barricade a city and establish a line of defense. Stacking them layer by layer in order to stop the Beastman attacks.

The people wanted to see when the Beastmen can break through Iron Wall Fortress. One must know that Iron Wall Fortress was very famous in the Continent. This was because the Fortress was able to block a Beastman attack in the past. Now, the people want to see if the Purcell Family can make a miracle this time.

The Beastmen attacked Iron Wall Fortress for seven days. Although these these seven days weren’t long, they weren’t short either. One must know that the Beastmen had sent an army that exceeded 1 million soldiers. While at the same time, the defenders were numbering less than 100 thousand.

And these 100 thousand people were all the soldiers that the Purcell Family can send out. All of them were already convinced of their deaths, this made the battle even more fierce.

In seven days, the Purcell Family had lost nearly 50 thousand people, but the Beastmen had lost close to 100 thousand. The battle loss ratio numbered 1 to 2. This was something rare for a battle between Humans and Beastmen. Because of the innate disadvantage in strength by the Humans, their losses should be higher than that of the Beastmen. For the Beastmen to lose more than the Humans was something that was





was very abnormal.

However, only the Purcell troops knew that the army that was attacking the Fortress wasn’t the main force of the Beastman race. With their main force not participating, it was natural that the battle loss ratio would be like this. If the Main force of the Beastmen would attack right now, then they’re afraid that they would not be able to defend.

Evan and the others knew about the Beastmen from their past battles. In the past, the Beastmen would send their Main Force 2 or 3 days after the initial skirmish. But this time, 7 days had already passed, but the Warring Tribes were still not in sight. What was happening?

And at this moment, a shocking news spread out to the Continent. On the seventh evening after the attack on the Purcell Duchy, the Iksa Family was suddenly attacked by a large group of Warriors from Big Beastman Warring Tribes. Although the Radiant Church had stationed a large army in the Iksa Domain, they were still caught off guard by the Beastman assault. The Beastmen Cavalry quickly pierced through their defense line and ravaged through their formation. This led to the three hundred thousand army inside the Iksa Domain to throw their helmets down and abandon their armor in order to escape, they were completely routed!

The force that attacked the Iksa Family was the Main Force of the Beastmen army. They were the elite of the elites, and they were highly experienced in battles. With them numbering 100 hundred thousand, they were able to swiftly deal with 300 thousand human soldiers. The battle can only be described as a textbook victory.

Both the Human forces and the Radiant Church didn’t expect the Beastmen to attack like this. The continent immediately went into an uproar. They didn’t think that all of these crazy Beastman attacks towards the Iron Wall Fortress were only a cover for their surprise attack on the Iksa Domain.

Even if they lost 100 thousand in attacking the Fortress, it was definitely worth it. They had managed to rout a 300 thousand Human army as well as occupy a very large Domain in the Human Territory.

One should know that even if the commoners





the commoners of the Purcell Family withdrew, the commoners in the Iksa Domain didn’t. This was because there was an army stationed here, and they have gathered a lot of supplies. But now, all of these supplies fell into the hands of the Beastmen, aiding them in overcoming their food crisis.

The Radiant Church clearly didn’t expect the Beastman attack, they had been caught off-guard. All of their previous plans were starting to form cracks. Fortunately, they still had room for movement. The Church immediately withdrew some of their troops in the Purcell Duchy and prepared to lead them to encircle the Iksa Domain.

But just as the Radiant Church troops were being mobilized, the beastmen began to attack Iron Wall Fortress non-stop from day to night. Although the Purcell Family were doing their best to block the Beastmen offensive, they couldn’t block it in the end. At the last moment, Evan was forcibly carried away by some loyal subjects of the Purcell Family. The direction that they were retreating to was Stony Mountain.

This was a hidden move orchestrated by Zhao Hai. After he left Ruyen and the others at Golden Island, the requested Origin Sword Saint to act. Origin Sword Saint convened with some of the Purcell Family’s loyal 8th ranks secretly. Origin Sword Saint asked them that no matter what happens, they should protect some important members of the Purcell Duchy and had them retreat towards Stony Mountain. Once they retreat to Stony Mountain, their lives would certainly be protected.

Origin Sword Saint’s words were much more powerful compared to Evan, therefore, those 8th ranks didn’t disagree. So they immediately grabbed Evan and then rode some Magic Beasts that they prepared before. Carrying food and water with them, they immediately headed straight to Stony Mountain.

The Purcell Family members who escaped this time numbered less than 200 altogether. Majority of these people were Foreign Elders of the Family, in fact, most of them were 8th rank experts.

The Beastmen didn’t pursue them this time. They didn’t pay any attention to measly 200 people. What they were eyeing right now were those soldiers that were heading towards the Iksa Domain to encircle the 100 thousand Beastmen.

Once again, the Radiant Church

the Radiant Church didn’t expect that just as they transferred the troops, the Beastmen would suddenly break through Iron Wall Fortress. Now, the troops that the Radiant Church had sent over were in fear of being sandwiched by two Beastmen armies.

The Radiant Church expected the Beastmen army in Iron Wall Fortress to be just a normal decoy, their fighting strength shouldn’t be that strong. The Main Force should be the 100 thousand that just attacked the Iksa Domain. They didn’t expect that the decoy would become another attacking force and had broken through Iron Wall Fortress in one stroke, becoming a threat to the Church’s armies.

Passive! The Radiant Church had turned passive. One must know that the force that was currently occupying the Iksa Domain were the collective forces of various Warring Tribes, and were numbering 100 thousand. At the same time, the 1 million Beastman army that had just broken through Iron Wall Fortress were at their back. This made the Radiant Church army feel a sense of crisis.

But the Radiant Church didn’t give up, they were still hoping that their trump card would have some use. They still have the poison that they had prepared. Even if the Iron Wall Fortress was broken through, the experts sent to the Purcell Domain were still there, lying in ambush.

These people were waiting in the Purcell Duchy for the time when the Fortress falls. As long as the Beastmen enter the Duchy, they would immediately be poisoned, then the Radiant Church can deal with the Beastmen Army easily.

In the mind of the Radiant Church, even if their plans were somewhat derailed, they were still heading towards the right direction. The losses that they incurred in the Iksa Domain was nothing remarkable. Having a victory in the Iksa Domain might even make the Beastmen complacent, making the Radiant Church’s plan much easier to implement.

At the same time, the two-pronged attack by the Beastmen still gave some losses to the Radiant Church. But this was what they exactly need, they wanted the Beastmen to enter the Aksu Empire before they start to clean them up in one swoop. That way, the Beastmen would have no opportunity to escape.





* * *


  












Chapter 546 – Negotiations

The ideal situation is good, but reality is different! This might have been the current mindset of the Radiant Church. They wanted to deal with the Beastman Race alone in order to gain prestige. They had rejected the help of the Rosen Empire and several nations in order to show their own strength.

One should know that if Zhao Hai didn’t help, then the Beastmen might possibly suffer a huge loss. But that and right now were two completely different matters.

The people from the Radiant Church thinks that their poison can deal with the Beastmen. But they haven’t thought that the Beastmen were already aware of this, and had also drank the antidote.

Since the Beast King knew about this plan of the Radiant Church, therefore, he decided to cooperate with the Radiant Church. This way, he would reverse the situation and make the Beastmen the ones who would sweep the Church’s troops in one blow. And when the Aksu Empire is devoid of its defenders, then the Beastmen can do whatever they wanted to do.

Information was truly important, having and not having information can change everything. And it was evident that the Radiant Church had lost in this aspect.

After the Beastmen entered the Purcell Duchy, they didn’t destroy anything and just started to loot. Everything that they find useful was carried off.

This was also the goal of the Beastmen for this war. However, they also did it deliberately. They wanted to slow down their offensive and give the Radiant Church some time to make their move.

The Beastmen gave the Radiant Church some time because they wanted them to think that things are all going according to their plan. This way, the Radiant Church would drop their vigilance. And then the Beastmen can use this opportunity to thoroughly deal with the Radiant Church.

The time for all of this to pass might be very long, but in fact, it only happened for a short time. Upon entering the Purcell Duchy, the Beastmen directly became a threat to the left wing of the Church’s army. But they didn’t go and attack the army immediately, instead they went to occupy the Duchy first. Although the Purcell Duchy people had left, it was impossible for them to carry everything that they had. Moreover, the Purcell Family didn’t burn the granaries of the Duchy. Therefore, the Beastmen had gained a lot in pillaging the Duchy.

The Radiant Church wanted the Beastmen to do exactly this. If the Beastmen immediately attacked the Radiant Church, then it would be very troublesome, the Church’s losses would surely be big. But since the Beastmen stopped for now, this gave the Church the opportunity to lay their ambush.

Although the Radiant Church had prepared to use poison to deal with the Beastmen, the poison would need to be administered through either food or water. But it





was difficult to poison the food right now. After all, the grains were under the care of the Purcell Family in the past, it wasn’t easy to lace them at that time. Therefore, the only choice they had right now was the water.

But everyone shouldn’t forget that water does flow. Even if it was well water, it was still running water. If one places poison in it, then it would be purified after several days. Therefore, one needed to find an opportune moment to administer the poison.

If the Beastmen continued to attack the troops of the Radiant Church, then the Radiant Church wouldn’t have found an opportunity. But since the Beastmen stopped, then the opportunity for them to deliver the poison has come.

The Radiant Church couldn’t help but thank the Beastmen secretly. But what they didn’t expect was that they were spied on by the Black Panther Tribe.

The Black Panthers were dark attributed Beastmen. Their innate talents were quite formidable, they were the Beastmen version of Human assassins. Therefore, they were the ones who were responsible for facing the Human assassins. After the Beast King knew about the Radiant Church’s plan, he had some 8th rank Black Panthers check the water sources near their camps. When a Human was spotted, the Black Panthers didn’t stop them, their movements were just reported over to the Beast King.

Just on the third day after the Beastmen entered the Purcell Duchy, the Black Panthers had seen people from the Radiant Church poison their water source. So they immediately passed this information to the Beast King. Once the Beast King heard about this, he knew that the time for action was drawing close. Therefore he immediately sent Hawks towards the Iksa Domain and coordinated their actions with the Beastman army there.

At this time, the Purcell Family people had already reached Stony Mountain. Upon arriving, Zhao Hai was already there waiting for them.

When Evan saw Zhao Hai, his eyes couldn’t help but turn red. Then with a sincere voice, he said, “Little Hai, thank you. If it weren’t for you, I might have already died.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Uncle, you can’t blame me for being good. Right, come with me to the courtyard. Then we’ll head to Golden Island.” Evan and the others already understood what Zhao Hai meant. So they didn’t say anything else and just nodded, then they went to the courtyard together.

After arriving, Zhao Hai didn’t take Evan to Golden Island using the Space. He wanted to use a Blood Hawk to send Evan and the others to the shore and had them take a boat to Golden Island.

This time, most of the people who came with Evan weren’t from the Purcell Family. The majority of them were Foreign Elders. Although they are loyal to the Purcell Family, and haven’t left Evan after all this time, Zhao Hai





Hai still cannot be assured that information about Space would not be spread around.

The reason why he revealed his secret to Origin Sword Saint was because Zhao Hai knew how attractive the Space was towards the 9th rank expert.

The energy in the Space was very active, moreover, it was very rich. For 9th rank experts, it was the best place to cultivate in. Such a place can may allow them to break through the last barrier and get more powerful. For a 9th rank expert, this was a very big deal. Therefore, Zhao Hai was not afraid that Origin Sword would tell others about the Space.

After resting at Bluestone Villa for some time, Zhao Hai made them board the Blood Hawks. Zhao Hai rode a Blood Hawk as well. Then he delivered the group to the shore and had them board a ship towards Golden Island. He didn’t go with them since he still had to watch a play.

After the Radiant Church delivered the poison towards the water sources of the Beastmen. They stayed at the water source and waited for the Beastmen to fetch some water.

What worried the people of the Radiant Church was that the Beastmen might have fetched some water the day before. If they will not get water, then the poison would not be delivered.

But when the Beastmen started to continually fetch water, moreover, it was a lot, the people of the Radiant Church immediately got excited.

After eating their meal, the noise Beastman camp surprisingly became quite. The people from the Radiant Church wanted to confirm and entered the Beastman camp to take a look. Presently, there were a lot of Beastmen who were on the ground and can’t get up. When the people were about to kill some, they immediately heard a Hawk’s cry. This frightened the people from the Radiant Church. They were finally reminded about the Hawk Tribe. Therefore, they immediately left the camp and notified the Radiant Church.

After confirming that those people had left, the Beastmen immediately got up and livened up. But this time, it wasn’t for leisure, it was instead to prepare to receive the attack of the Radiant Church.

They knew that once the Radiant Church heard succeeded in poisoning them, the Church would definitely send people to attack. Once they arrive expecting to kill the Beastmen, the Beastman army would then strike them immediately and then extinguish the remaining Radiant Church army.

When Lundi Becker received the word, he immediately issued an order for an all-out attack. But little did they know, the Beastmen were already preparing an encirclement and were only waiting for the Radiant Church’s army to come forward.

The next events can be clearly predicted. When the Radiant Church’s army entered the Beastman’s encirclement, they were immediately eliminated. Then the Beastmen proceeded to push through deeper into the Aksu Empire. The two armies looked like





looked like two unstoppable arrows as it pieced the empire. They were rarely met by any resistance, this was because most of their soldiers were already killed off by the Beastmen.

The entire continent was shocked, the Radiant Church was shocked, and most importantly, the Aksu Empire was shocked. At this point, the Aksu Empire had already lost all forms of resistance.

The Beastman army had already eliminated about 2 million Aksu Empire soldiers, this was almost equal to the Empire’s entire national defense. One must also consider that fact that they had lost a lot of people at Golden Island. The Aksu Empire was now very weak.

The Beastmen didn’t go too far this time. Instead of dealing with the commoners, they directly pillaged the Nobles, especially those who had connections with the Radiant Church.

Additionally, every time they take over a city of the empire, they would wantonly shout that the reason for their assault towards the Aksu Empire was the Radiant Church’s involvement in their food shortage.

Originally, this news had already spread on the continent, but it was only hearsay and wasn’t confirmed. But now that the Beastmen were saying it, how could it be wrong? This immediately made the Radiant Church the most despised people in the Aksu Empire.

The Beastman attack was also peculiar this time. They didn’t go and take some humans to be their slaves. They just came and grabbed some food, they didn’t rob the commoners and only pillaged the storehouses of the Nobles as well as the national granaries of the Aksu Empire.

Actually, the Beastmen were still harming the commoners with this action. Because the national granaries were robbed, the grain market of the Aksu Empire would surely be affected. The prices of food would rise and the commoners would suffer. But the commoners weren’t thinking about this, the Beastmen not robbing them was already a blessing.Their minds were on something else.

The Aksu Empire cannot fall right now. So they had to seek aid from the Rosen Empire. The Rosen Empire also complied and negotiated with the Beastmen.

Naturally, the Rosen Empire didn’t want to wipe the Radiant Church’s buttocks. Therefore, they didn’t go and resist the Beastman army. Instead, the directly went and negotiated with the Beastmen.

Although the Beastmen hasn’t overrun the entire Aksu Empire, one might as well consider it as so. But when the Rosen Empire sent people to negotiate, they immediately stopped. After all, the strength of the Rosen Empire was something that they needed to consider. If they involved the Rosen Empire in this war, the Beastmen would suffer a lot more losses.

The Beast King was also a very astute person. Their attack against the Humans had gone smoothly. Although they had lost some men, compared to their previous wars, this time was the one they had lost the least while having the biggest harvest. And at this time, if

this time, if the Humans were to agree to trade them grain at a fair price, they would immediately retreat.

Just as what Zhao Hai has thought before, the Beastmen didn’t want to occupy the Human Domain. They weren’t interested in Human lands. In their view, the Prairie was their home, it was where their root was. If they settle inside Human territory, then a time would certainly come when they would become as weak as the Human race.

In the minds of the Beastmen, the Humans were very weak, this was their belief. Therefore, they preferred to drink and sing on the Prairie.

The Beast King making the decision to stop was also largely because of Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai left the Beastman camp, the Beast King sent someone to go and fetch Wales. Naturally, the Beast King asked Wales about Zhao Hai’s strength. And when Wales told him, this made the Beast King look at Zhao Hai in another light.

Although the Beast King appreciated Zhao Hai before, he didn’t care too much about him. But when he heard Wales say that Zhao Hai had a 1 million Undead army, he immediately took Zhao Hai seriously.

One could say that the most annoying thing for the Beastmen to face were the Undead. This was because one cannot obtain any advantages against the Undead, If one doesn’t have the means to deal with the Dark Mage, then one shouldn’t dare go and offend them. For the Beastmen, doing so would only bring them losses. Zhao Hai can just attack the Prairie and make some undead along the way, this was truly something terrible to think about.

The Beast King also understood that they were now in Human Territory. If they offend the Rosen Empire as well as Zhao Hai, the terrifying Dark Mage, it certainly wouldn’t be a good thing for the Beastmen. And this time, the reason for their attack on the Aksu Empire was to get some food. As long as the problem of food is solved, then they would return to the Beastman Prairie. After all, they had already acquired a lot of things.

The purpose of the negotiation of the Rosen Empire was to let the Beastmen retreat. Additionally, the Rosen Emperor believed in Zhao Hai’s words and hoarded a lot of food in advance. Now that they had the stockpile they can go and talk with the Beastmen. They would have the Beastmen retreat, and later on, they would provide a food supply to the Beastmen at a fair price.

No country liked to go to war, especially a war that the Radiant Church had started. This would only result in them cleaning up after the Radiant Church’s mess. This made the other monarchs unhappy, if they were to send people to help, how many of them would have to die? They don’t want this outcome.





* * *


  












Chapter 547 – Damaged Vitality

Benefit! Everything was for benefit! The Beastmen went to war because of benefits, the Radiant Church plotted war with the Beastmen for benefit, the Rosen Empire stepped in for benefit as well.

Speaking about sentiment to these big influences was a behaviour of a complete idiot. Even the stern and straightforward Beastmen move according to benefits. If they cannot get any benefits, they they wouldn’t hesitate to continue on with this war. The reason why the Beastmen went to war was because they knew that they can get benefits out of it. But the Humans didn’t like war, it was because they cannot gain anything about it. It was this simple.

The negotiations were conducted very smoothly. The Beast King wanted a result where they can get grain at a fair price. This way, the Beastmen can get more benefits.

Naturally, they also knew that if they conquer the Humans, the Humans can continue to plant some grains for them. But at the same time, they also knew that it was impossible for them to rule over the Humans. They can gain benefits in this war, but it was impossible to conquer the Humans because of the vastly different cultures. Since the Beastmen cannot rule the Humans for too long, they’d rather settle for an agreement on selling food at a fair price.

However, after bargaining for the price of food, the Beastmen made a request. They demanded that the Radiant Church should be severely punished. This war was after all caused by the Radiant Church.

Regarding this request of the Beastmen, the negotiators from the other nations had differing thoughts. Some of them had relationships with the Radiant Church, while some of them did not.

However, if they don’t comply, the Beastmen might decide to stay and attack again. Even if they repel the Beastmen, what did they obtain? Nothing. This was an outcome that the various nations didn’t want to see.

In the end of the day, the representatives from the other nations decided that they would comply with the Beastmen’s demands first. In any case, after the Beastmen left, the judgement would still depend on their respective countries.

After obtaining a satisfactory result, the Beastmen finally





returned to the Prairie with a large amount of food that were compensated to them by the Aksu Empire. However, things among the Humans weren’t finished yet.

The Aksu Empire’s vitality has been severely damaged. But the Rosen Empire cannot just let the Aksu Empire go. You had made your own trouble, and we helped you solve it, and you want to place that in the past? How could that be possible?

Therefore, the Rosen Empire and the others made demands towards the Aksu Empire. Among those demands were money while some had others. The Rosen Empire didn’t ask for monetary compensation, they only had one request. And that request was to give the Purcell Duchy to the Buda Clan as a fief.

The Buda Clan being a Noble of the Aksu Empire wasn’t false. But, there was an ongoing resentment between the two. Even children in the continent knew about the enmity between the two. Therefore, it was a non spoken decision that the Buda Clan was no longer a part of Aksu Empire.

But even so, the Buda Clan was still a Marquis in the Aksu Empire, and they also had their own fief. They were also people of the Aksu Empire.

However, the Rosen Empire’s request placed the Aksu Empire in a very awkward position, so the agreement was still put on hold. The Aksu Empire was in its weakest state, while the Rosen Empire’s condition was still as smooth as silk, left completely unharmed. The Rosen Empire can definitely demand for a piece of territory. If the Rosen Empire would occupy the lifeline canyon, the Aksu Empire would be in trouble.

But if they comply to the Rosen Empire, it would be equivalent to placing a thorn on the side of the Aksu Empire. Under this circumstance, the Aksu Empire’s future wouldn’t be so good.

Like the Rosen Empire, the other three countries also put forward their own demands. They didn’t ask for land, after all, they were too far away from the Aksu Empire. Getting land would be useless. Instead, they demanded a huge amount of money as compensation. This made the Aksu Empire not know what to do.

This time, it wasn’t one Empire that were making things





things difficult for them, but instead four Empires working simultaneously. The Aksu Empire cannot even think of what to do next. Most importantly, most of their forces were already gone. Which made their power of negotiation very weak.

The reason why the Rosen Empire didn’t conquer the Aksu Empire was because the latter had just suffered defeat under the Beastmen. If they invade the Aksu Empire, they would be looked down by everyone on the continent.

But even if the Rosen Empire cannot invade the Aksu Empire, they can still make an outrageous demand, enough to economically cripple the Aksu Empire.

If the Aksu Empire were still in its most flourishing time, they might decline to the Rosen Empire’s demands. But it was unfortunate for them that they were currently in their lowest point. This weakness was not only in terms of military power, this also included their damaged economy.

Although the Beastmen didn’t take anything away from the commoners, they still emptied the national granaries of the Aksu Empire. Moreover, they also killed some Nobles of several cities and then snatched their belongings, especially the grain. Because of this, one can consider that the economy of the Aksu Empire had been held back for at least 20 years. In this case, if they don’t agree to the demands of the Rosen Empire as well as the other countries, then the four countries would definitely choke their economy. When that happens, it would be impossible for the Aksu Empire to return to its original state.

Most importantly, the two northern strategic places of the Aksu Empire, the Purcel Duchy and the Iksa Domain, has been completely destroyed. The two families had ran to Golden Island, this was something that the continent already knew. Moreover, the vitality of these two families were damaged severely as well. They simply don’t have the ability to continue managing their former territories. This was also the reason why the Rosen Empire proposed that the Aksu Empire would give the Purcell Duchy over to Zhao Hai.

However, the Aksu Empire understood that no matter what happens, they cannot hand that territory over to Zhao Hai. If they gave it to the Buda Clan, the Aksu Empire would get pincered





get pincered once the Rosen Empire decides to attack in the future. Therefore, they had a difficult negotiation with the Rosen Empire.

There is only one thing in the Aksu Empire’s mind, as long as their territory wasn’t divided, they wouldn’t counter any demands from the Rosen Empire.

In fact, everybody had already seen it, the Rosen Empire didn’t really want the Purcell Duchy. They only wanted to get better benefits.

After an arduous conversation between the two sides, the Aksu Empire agreed to compensate the Rosen Empire with a huge amount of money. At the same time, they also removed all of the tariffs given to Rosen Empire’s traded commodities.

But what made people feel strange was the unusual disappearance of Zhao Hai. One must know that the Rosen Empire had used his name in negotiating with the Aksu Empire. However, he still didn’t appear even at the very end. This was really not like Zhao Hai’s action.

In reality, Zhao Hai was also very busy in the past few days. He was currently collecting war corpses. The war had produced a lot of corpses, moreover, the majority of them were strong soldiers. They corpses were incredibly useful to Zhao Hai.

This war between the Beastmen and the Humans had made more than 1 million corpses. Some of these bodies were buried by the Beastmen, but some were not. After all, Zhao Hai also knew that if corpses were left out for too long, diseases would start to take form and might even start an epidemic. Therefore, he decided to take those corpses and make them into undead.

Even so, Zhao Hai was still aware about the negotiations. But he didn’t think too much about it. He knew from the very beginning that it would be impossible for the Aksu Empire to agree. Although the Aksu Empire was currently weak, the Rosen Empire still wouldn’t go too far in causing them trouble.

On the other hand, Zhao Hai despised the people of the Radiant Church. Everyone was now aware that Boris had become the emperor, but by then, the Radiant Church had already left the Aksu Empire.

Zhao Hai hated the action of the Radiant Church, this was just like the Church had just left behind

just left behind their ally and ran away.

Currently, Boris didn’t have the best appearance in the world. Dealing with the Purcell Duchy and the Iksa Domain was his idea. But now that they had failed, the Empire had been placed in a very bad situation. If the Aksu Empire wasn’t given 20 years, then it would be impossible for them to recover.

Even if they recover 20 years later, their strength wouldn’t be the same as before. Not only would they compensate the Beastmen, they would also give some compensations to the four other Empires. This truly damaged the Aksu Empire’s core foundation.

After the negotiations were settled, the Aksu Empire started to officially recover. But this time, the Radiant Church had already become the most hated people in the Aksu Empire. Nobody inside the Aksu Empire had any good feelings towards the Church. One could say that if the Radiant Church wanted to preach here again, it would be more difficult than in the Rosen Empire.

Now that the restoration of the Aksu Empire had started, what they most needed was nothing else other than food. They needed large quantities of them in order to stabilize the market prices. And they need large quantities of them to resume production. After the negotiations with the other empires, the other empires agreed to sell a large amount of food to them at a low price. This had greatly eased the food problem of the Aksu Empire.

Among them, the most famous one was Zhao Hai, who brought a large amount of grain to the Purcell Duchy. This played a very important role in the reconstruction of the Duchy.

The Purcell Duchy and the Iksa Domain now has new lords. The nobles in these two places were the most loyal men of Boris. They hated Zhao Hai before, but they had no choice but to welcome him at this time. This was because whether it be the Purcell Duchy or the Iksa Domain, both needed large amounts of grain in order to settle the residents down.

The grain that Zhao Hai brought, wasn’t the Bread Fruit, but instead the ordinary Bamboo Rice. Zhao Hai believed that the Bread Fruit was more popular among the Beastmen.





* * *


  












Chapter 548 – Cooperation

While the Aksu Empire was reconstructing, an upsurge of Anti-Radiant Church sentiment had unknowingly spread out on the continent. This time, it wasn’t only the Rosen Empire, but all countries were starting to do so.

However, the Radiant Church still had their 9th ranks. It wouldn’t be good for the nations to go too far. However, the Radiant Church’s momentum has evidently slowed down.

The reason why the Radiant Church was rapidly growing before was because they had recruited a large number of Nobles into their fold. And this was because they had brought a lot of benefits for these Nobles.

However, in recent times, the Radiant Church had suddenly left their allies, which was maybe good in their opinion. However, it wasn’t for their subordinates, therefore, the church had been pushed into becoming passive.

The Radiant Church had already behaved. Besides the Rosen Empire and the Aksu Empire, the others had now started to fully suppress the church. Their followers were now decreasing massively. It was now very difficult for them to regain their original momentum.

Besides all of these, it was still impossible for the Empires to extinguish the Radiant Church. The church had 9th ranks, for the Great Nobles, these experts were effective deterrents.

Under the suppression of the big Empires, the only thing that the church can do was to best maintain their strength. But a lot of Nobles still decided to withdraw from the organization

One the other hand, Zhao Hai didn’t care much about all of these. He was currently on Golden Island, discussing the future development of the Buda Clan to Evan and Robert.

Zhao Hai had already told the secret of the Space to Evan and Ruyen, but for the other members of the Purcell Family, they were still on observation. Those people weren’t the same as the Iksa Family which hadn’t been infiltrated by the Radiant Church. In truth, Zhao Hai still wasn’t comfortable with those from the Purcell Family.

Although the Buda Clan’s territory didn’t increase, their reputation in the continent did. This was because the Rosen Empire had used the clan’s name as





a bargaining chip to negotiate with the Aksu Empire. The Buda Clan was now famous in the entire continent.

The future of the Buda Clan is mainly based on the Black Wastelands, where it was possible to create a country, Now that the Iksa and Purcell Family were already rootless and floating refugees, if they don’t side with the Buda Clan, they it would be difficult for them to appear on the continent in the future.

In the end, what Zhao Hai and the two others decided on was that the Iksa Family would send a team lead by Fernand to Golden Island in order to do business. At the same time, Ruyen would be sent back to the Purcell Duchy. A large amount of grain was brought by Zhao Hai to the Duchy, which helped establish their business there. Now, Zhao Hai wanted to use this opportunity to make a trade network starting from the Purcell family’s previous territory.

If it was before, then there would be some difficulties. But now that the Purcell Family had joined, it doesn’t matter. The family was very familiar with the Duchy, and along with the managers of the Markey Family, the Buda Clan can definitely build a distribution center in the Duchy, seizing the entire grain market.

Zhao Hai contacted Bell again through the Calci Family, having him come back to Iksa Domain and establish another distribution center there. This center would be a collaboration between the Buda Clan and the Calci Family, so the latter didn’t oppose.

By having these two sales networks, Zhao Hai’s sales would definitely increase in the future. This was very important to the Buda Clan.

The reason why Zhao Hai didn’t go to the Prairie after the war was because he knew that the Beastmen were busy as well.

The Beastmen had snatched a lot of things from the humans, and those items needed to be distributed. And because of these things, the Beastmen shouldn’t need anything at this time. So Zhao Hai decided to postpone his trip to the Prairie to the future.

At the same time, the situation of the Continent





Continent was a good opportunity for the Buda Clan. The Continent was now suppressing the Radiant Church, which was also the biggest enemy of Zhao Hai. In the past, the Radiant Church had suppressed them before, but now the situations had been reversed. The Radiant Church was now being suppressed, and the Buda Clan can’t just let this opportunity go.

Although the Buda Clan was still lacking in people, but with the Purcell Family, Markey Family, and Iksa Family joining them, the Buda Clan’s management was now enough. Although some of these people cannot be trusted with the Black Wasteland, managing the Clan’s businesses wouldn’t be an issue.

Zhao Hai was planning to show his business to the Continent in the following days. It was important to know that the if the Buda Clan’s business were to be expanded, it would immediately take a superior position. A reason for this was the Haven products, these products’ quality were already quite well-known in the continent. Moreover, one shouldn’t forget that Zhao Hai still had seafood and Prairie products in his hands.

Products from the Prairie cannot possibly be unique to Zhao Hai. This was because a lot of Human Merchants were also doing business with the Beastmen. Therefore, there were a lot of places in the continent that sold these items.

However, marine products were incredibly rare in the continent. Because of this, these items were in high demand. As long as nobody suppresses them, the Buda Clan would surely be able to quickly expand on the Continent.

Moreover, Zhao Hai wasn’t planning on doing this business alone. He was prepared to cooperate with the Calci Family, Crook Family, Charlie, Rosen Empire, and the Shelley Family.

Working with these people would not only make the Buda Clan’s products spread in the continent at the shortest time, the Buda Clan can also draw its relationship closer with these people.

With this plan in mind, Zhao Hai immediately returned to Wild Dragon Castle outside Carson City after he handled the matters with the Iksa and Purcell Families. Then he prepared himself to fetch Lizzy from the Imperial Palace.

Although Lizzy had





Lizzy had been spending the majority of her time inside the Space, if Zhao Hai didn’t meet Lizzy officially, the Emperor might suspect something. Therefore, Zhao Hai must show his face from time to time.

When Zhao Hai returned to Wild Dragon Castle, a servant informed him that Jason had visited several times. Moreover, he had left word that if Zhao Hai comes back, he must immediately go to the Crook Family’s castle.

Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he nodded. Then he immediately rode his carriage and headed towards the Crook Family. It wasn’t the first time that the Crook Family’s servants had seen Zhao Hai, so they immediately removed the road block and had Zhao Hai directly enter the mountain.

Outside the castle, Jason was already waiting for him. When Zhao Hai got down from his carriage, he went towards Jason and laughed, “Brother Jason, I heard that you had come over for a few times. What made you so anxious? But this is also good, even if you didn’t go and find me, I’ll still come and look for you.”

Jason walked forward and then hugged Zhao Hai, “Brother, what took you so long? Come quickly, Grandfather is waiting for you.”

Then the two entered the castle using a carriage. And then they quickly went towards Jesse’s study. Seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Jesse smiled and said, “Kid, it’s been a long time before you’ve come to see this old man. What are you afraid of? You’re a Patriarch of a Great Family, you should have some subordinates to keep your schedule free.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile helplessly and said, “Grandfather, you really are living comfortably. How can our Buda Clan compare with your Crook Family? If our Buda Clan had a few tricks of yours, then I would be able to sleep at home all the time.”

Jesse laughed and then said, “Sleeping all the time? Kid, you’re going to turn into a pig. Come sit down, I have a matter to speak with you.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he and Jason sat down. After a servant sent some drinks in, Jesse looked

in, Jesse looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, your current spotlight was not small. I really didn’t expect the Rosen Empire to make you into a bargaining chip. But that’s good, the Aksu Empire yielded because you you.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile, “What’s good about that, I didn’t gain anything. Right, Grandfather, why did you ask me to come immediately? Is something wrong?”

Then Jesse smiled and said, “You had been busy since after God’s Grace day, so I didn’t have any opportunity to ask you to come. I just wanted to ask you if you have any business that you wanted to do with us?”

When Zhao Hai heard Jesse, he couldn’t help but smile, he also came today because of this matter. Zhao Hai immediately nodded and said, “You don’t need to look for me, I’m actually planning to come here soon. I have some business that i’d like your help with. Now that the Radiant Church has been suppressed, there’s nobody blocking us from expanding anymore. Therefore, I wan you and father-in-law to cooperate and sell our products in your stores. But I want the prices of our Buda Clan’s products to be uniform in all the stores.”

Jesse stared, then his eyes turned bright. He knew that Zhao Hai has a lot of good things in his hand. If he works with them, then it would be greatly benefiting the Crook Family .

He immediately nodded and said, “Alright, this is not a problem. As for the price? You go can just go and tell us.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he expressed that their cooperation would include Haven products as well as some Prairie products. He didn’t have a lot of seafood right now, so they had to mainly sell the other two.

But even so, Jesse was still very happy. Haven products and Prairie products were very popular in the continent. Especially the Haven products since they were almost considered to be a unique business. Although they had similar products in the continent, the Buda Clan’s Haven products were the best in terms of quality and price.





* * *


  












Chapter 549 – Hundred Thousand Slaves

After Zhao talked with Jesse about their cooperation, they ate a meal together then Zhao Hai returned to Wild Dragon Castle to rest. The next day, he went to Dark Soldier Fort and talked to Randolph about the partnership. Naturally, Randolph also agreed, since the Radiant Church has been suppressed, the Calci Family was also preparing to go all out.

After taking care of everything back at Dark Soldier Fort, Zhao Hai returned to his castle. Laura and the others didn’t follow Zhao Hai, they were inside the Space and handling the matters of the Markey Family and the Buda Clan.

Zhao Hai had always been disinterested in dealing with those things, and his wives had enough strength to handle them, therefore Zhao Hai simply placed those things to be taken care of by them.

The second day after he returned from Dark Soldier Fort, Zhao Hai rode his carriage and headed towards the Imperial Palace. He needed to see the Emperor in order to fetch Lizzy and at the same time, discuss the matter of cooperation.

The Imperial clan also had their own businesses. If Zhao Hai was able to cooperate with them, he could achieve a lot of things in exchange for a low amount of effort. Zhao Hai now had a high place inside the Rosen Emperor’s heart so when the palace guard saw that Zhao Hai had come, he didn’t dare to neglect him. He immediately arranged a room for Zhao Hai to rest in before he went to report to the King.

The Emperor didn’t make Zhao Hai wait for too long, he immediately invited Zhao Hai to his study room. When Zhao Hai sat down, the Emperor looked at him and said, “The Radiant Church had been dealt with this time thanks to you. But the Radiant Church has been repelled for a few days now, how come you’ve only come this time?”

Zhao Hai quickly responded, “I went back to the Purcell Duchy and established a network of shops there. This time, I came to pick up Lizzy. Another thing was to discuss a partnership with father-in-law.”

The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You mean a partnership with those products that you have?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I currently have a lot of those in hand. In the past, because of the Radiant Church’s suppression, nobody would buy these things. But now, I can definitely turn this into money.”

The Emperor nodded and said, “Right, it’s no use if those aren’t made into profits. You don’t need to discuss with me about this matter. You go to Charlie and discuss the particulars with him.”

Zhao Hai stared, then his two eyes lit up as he lowered his head to nod. At this time, Lizzy also arrived at the study. Lizzy and the Emperor exchanged some few words for a while before Lizzy left.

When they were at the carriage heading to Wild Dragon Fort, Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy and said, “It looks like father-in-law is already planning to hand the throne over to Third Brother.”

Lizzy stared, she didn’t





hear about Zhao Hai and the Emperor’s exchange. Therefore, when she heard Zhao Hai, she became confused so she asked, “Why? Did father tell you that?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “He didn’t explicitly tell me. But when I told him that I would like to cooperate with the Imperial Clan, father-in-law passed the responsibility over to Third Brother. If father-in-law didn’t plan to hand the throne over to third brother, then why would he let him handle this business?”

Lizzy’s eyes were shining as she replied, “If father really said so, then that can prove that he indeed wanted to give the throne over to Third Brother. Hehe. It seems like Third Brother needed to thank Brother Hai.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I really don’t need him to thank me. As long as he sits on the throne, our Buda Clan can certainly obtain a lot of benefits. How about we go to Third Brother tomorrow and discuss this matter of cooperation with him. But let’s not tell him about the matters related to the throne. Then the day after tomorrow, we’ll go to the Slave Market to see Lin and ask him if he has our slaves already prepared.”

Lizzy smiled and said, “We don’t really need to state it clearly, if Third Brother hears that we’ll have a partnership with him, he should already know what is going on. But Big Brother Hai, isn’t it too soon for us to get the slaves? The Black Wasteland still isn’t prepared.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It’s not too soon, planting season will come along with spring. Before that time arrives, we should already have the slaves prepared to cultivate the lands. If we miss this season, then it would be too late for planting.

Lizzy nodded and didn’t say anything more. She was not very knowledgeable regarding the matters of farming. It was much different than managing stores, of which she understood much of. There was really no way for a Princess to touch the topics related to farming, therefore, Lizzy didn’t have much to say.

The next day, Lizzy and Zhao Hai went to see Charlie. Charlie was still very low-key in doing his business, but ever since he cooperated with Zhao Hai, his income had already increased by a lot. It can be said that there aren’t any other Prince that can compare to his income. It was precisely because of this that Charlie had placed great importance on Zhao Hai.

When Zhao Hai came to him to discuss the matter of cooperation, Charlie couldn’t help but get excited. He already knew about Zhao Hai’s intention of cooperating with the Crook Family, Calci Family, and the Imperial Clan. Charlie understood the implications of this partnership, so it couldn’t be helped that he became elated. He even wanted to invite Zhao Hai for a drink. However, Zhao Hai had to decline. He still needed to visit the Shelley Hotel in the afternoon and talk about his partnership with the Shelley Family.

The last time Zhao Hai went to Marriott was to ask the Shelley Family for





for help. Spreading the news about the Iksa Family’s demise was perfectly executed by the Hotel. Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to further improve his cooperation with the Shelley Family.

In addition to the Haven products, fire fish and seafood, he also cooperated with the Shelley Hotel by providing Milk Wine. But this time, Zhao Hai was planning to have them sell Rice Wine and Beer as well.

Currently, the Black Wasteland can now make Rice Wine as well as Beer. However, ways of mass producing these items were still under development.

The Ark Continent was still very backwards in their winemaking. If one wanted to mass produce these two products for the continent, one doesn’t only need 1,800 people to work on it, those people needed to be skilled as well.

However, Zhao Hai was planning to offer these two wines as samplers first, like what he did with the Milk Wine in the past. He’ll put them in the Shelley Hotel for a trial run and when the people of the continent becomes used to the two liquors, then the factories would be built. Then the mass production would begin.

The cooperation with the Shelley Family came very smoothly. At this point, the Shelley Family almost has a blind faith in Zhao Hai. They think that as long as they cooperate with Zhao Hai, they can make a lot of money. This preconception was backed with their one year of experience. From the very first day that they partnered with Zhao Hai, they had been making more and more money.

This result satisfied Zhao Hai. After him and the Shelley Family had reached an agreement, he immediately returned to Wild Dragon Fort. Then he prepared for his trip to the Slave Market the next day.

After going to the Slave Market and bringing those slaves to the Black Wasteland, Zhao Hai would then head to the Beastman Prairie. It was already a month after the Beastmen had retreated, going to the Praire should be alright now.

The next day, Zhao Hai and Lizzy headed to the Slave Market and went to see Lin. Lin told Zhao Hai that the slaves were ready for quite some time. But because of the war that was going on, they decided to refrain sending them to Golden Island. If Zhao Hai wanted, he can take those slaves right now.

Zhao Hai immediately paid the price of those slaves, and then had them transported to Golden Island at the shortest time possible. Then, Zhao Hai left with Lizzy. After returning to Wild Dragon Fort, Zhao Hai immediately rode a Blood Hawk and then flew towards Golden Island.

The third day after Zhao Hai arrived at the island, dozens of huge slave transport ships arrived. Zhao Hai had them dock at the naval base and had the slaves kept there.

Golden Island naval base was very big. In addition to the fact that most of the Undead in the base were out patrolling around the island, it wouldn’t be a problem having 100 thousand people there.

What made Zhao Hai happy was that Lin actually had those 100 thousand slaves be families.





be families. All in all, there were about 20 thousand households that were sent over. This completely fulfilled Zhao Hai’s requests.

Zhao Hai immediately took advantage of the dark evening to send the slaves over to the Black Wasteland. It was now spring and the weather outside wasn’t that cold. Although there weren’t enough houses in the Wasteland, they can just construct it themselves, and the materials were already prepared by Zhao Hai.

After the slaves arrived at the Black Wasteland, Zhao Hai then had people give them some living necessities. He told the slaves that these living materials are their private property, so they must cherish it.

Many of these slaves were generational slaves, very similar to the original slaves of Iron Mountain Fort. Some of them might even be inferior than those slaves. So when they held their first pieces of property, all of them couldn’t help but get very excited.

The next day, Zhao Hai organized some slaves who had become commoners and divided them into villages. In fact, these villages were already planned by Zhao Hai. The only thing that was needed to be done was built it.

The building materials were already prepared, and at the same time, Zhao Hai also released some Undead to help them build. He already mapped the location of each village and the overall layout of the structure. Therefore, building them shouldn’t be very troublesome.

Zhao Hai wanted to build a village for every one thousand household. And no matter how many members ta household had, the lands would be divided accordingly to their structure. An old man would have 5 mu of land, mature men and women would both have 10 mu of land, and each child would merit 5 mu of land. Every family would be provided by either a bull or a scaled horse. Farm supplies and daily necessities were going to be provided as well.

As for the water supply of the villages, Zhao Hai had already prepared them long ago. The channels for water to flow through were made using Earth magic. What kind of plant to cultivate and where to cultivate it was already planned. There were lands made to specifically grow Bamboo Rice and there were also some lands to be used to grow wheat.

The remaining lands were left for the Beastmen slaves. Zhao Hai planned to have the Beastmen slaves herd here first and then train them to farm bit by bit.

The lands of these slaves weren’t given by Zhao Hai. The slaves would cultivate this land and by the end of the year, Zhao Hai would collect 40% of their harvest as tax. The remaining 60% would be left to the hands of the slaves.

Although this tax was very high, it was already a heavenly provision for the slaves. They didn’t expect that when they arrive at this place, they would be given land, their own property. One must know that this condition was only enjoyed by special commoners back in the continent.

But what made these slaves most excited was the fact that they have the opportunity to turn into a commoner in this

commoner in this place. They saw people who had similar slave imprints like them working in the fort and was eating meat everyday. At the same time, their children were given the opportunity to learn how to read as well as to play. This made the new slaves quite envious of them.

Zhao Hai didn’t immediately enact his plan of universal education. He must regard this matter as a reward. He wanted to reward those who do good. And those good slaves would not only become commoners, their children would be able to go to school as well. It was even possible for them to become Nobles.

Those slaves thought that it was too good to be true. But when they saw the slaves who became civilians, they couldn’t help but believe in Zhao Hai’s words and become motivated.

Zhao Hai also distributed some seeds to them as well as some rations and farming tools. He only managed to do all of these in seven days because of the his Undead. Otherwise, it would be impossible for this matter to be completed in a short period of time.

After all of the things were distributed, Zhao Hai also told them that they could practice other crafts after their work. As long as they learn well, they can become civilians immediately. And if they have some special talents, they can just go to the fort and have it tested. If it was satisfactory, they would be turned into civilians as well.

It took half a month before all of these things had been taken care of. This speed was also because Green and the others already did a lot of work ahead of time. Each step in the process were carefully planned by them, otherwise it wouldn’t have been this smooth.

Also, if Zhao Hai did this with commoners, it wouldn’t have been completed this flawlessly. Slaves were already trained and were very obedient. Whatever you wanted them to do, they would do it without much fuss. So it only took half a month for these 100 thousand slaves to be settled. At this time, the slaves have already begun to cultivate the land.

Sustaining 100 thousand lives requires a lot of things. This made Zhao Hai’s Space unable to be idle. Zhao Hai was even afraid of becoming poor in managing these people. However, he thought that as long as he provided these people with food and firewood right now, they would become self-sufficient come this fall harvest.

The Black Wasteland had been improved to become fertile lands. As long as these slaves word hard in cultivating the land, their future days would surely be good. The 40% tax that Zhao Hai enacted was fixed. If one got 100 jin of grain, Zhao Hai would take 40 jin. If you have 200 jin, then 80 jin would be taken away. The remaining 120 jin would be up to the slaves to use. After the slaves knew about this setup, they immediately became happy. And adding on to the fact that it was possible for them to become commoners, they immediately became hard working people.





* * *


  












Chapter 550 – Trivial Matters

With the addition of the 100 thousand slaves, the Black Wasteland had finally gained some human atmosphere. Although 20 villages were still too few for the Black Wasteland, it was still much more vigorous compared to before.

These villages weren’t very far from Iron Mountain Fort. After all, the fort was the Buda Clan’s administrative center. The villages that had been constructed cannot be too far from the fort.

After the slaves settled down, they immediately started to work. Because they now have farming tools as well as work animals, a family can easily plant in their respective fields.

The majority of these slaves had family backgrounds as farmers. Therefore, taking care of a farm wasn’t very foreign to them, on the other hand, they were actually very adept in the practice.

But before, the farms that they worked on were owned by their masters. Even if they cannot slack off, it was impossible for them to give their all towards the job. But now was different, the land was now bestowed to them and the only thing that they needed to do was hand over 40% of their harvests, while the rest were their own. This way, the higher their harvest, the more food they have.

However, farming was a seasonal activity, one doesn’t need to be busy in the field all year round. There are only two seasons where the farmers would get busy, it was the spring for sowing seeds and autumn for the harvest. Other than these two seasons, farmers didn’t have much to do, so Zhao Hai instructed them to learn another craft.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also had Green prepare the wineries while the slaves were planting in their land. After the wineries are built, the slaves should be finished in their busy schedule at spring. Therefore, the slaves can go to the wineries and work. Naturally, their efforts would be reciprocated with pay.

Settling the slaves still wasn’t completely finished, after all, the wineries would still take a lot of time.

However, Zhao Hai can just hand these matters over to Green, he doesn’t need to monitor all of it himself. The stones that were needed for the wineries as well as other particulars can be found in Golden Island. If Iron Mountain Fort needs anything he can just get it





there.

A lot of Great Nobles have businesses in Golden Island, and their goods and services have a huge range. They can provide anything that one wants in the continent. If Zhao Hai wanted something special, he can contact them in order to get it.

Zhao Hai didn’t need to worry too much about building the structures. He has a 2 million undead army, building should be alright for them to do, the only thing they need is to have an artisan providing them guidance at the side.

While the factory was being built, Zhao Hao also gave his product orders to the Great Nobles who manufacture them. After that, he didn’t think to much about it. He still has something else to do, and that was going to the Beastman Prairie.

It was now two months after the Beastmen had returned to the Prairie, so Zhao Hai wanted to see them and take a look at their situation. Two months was enough for them to divide their spoils of war. Now they should be needing something again.

Besides, he still needed to deliver new goods to Ah Tai. Zhao Hai plans to contact a lot of Beastmen when he goes to the Prairie this time. He also wanted to get in touch with the Beast King and try if he can have a business cooperation with him. As long as he has a business with the Beast King, the Buda Clan would certainly gain huge profits.

Zhao Hai wanted to gain several large clients in the Prairie and form a large network of business there. This was also part of his plan to expand the businesses of the Buda Clan.

After all, the Buda Clan’s roots have been placed in the Black Wasteland. If all of the lands in the wasteland were to be developed and used for farming, how much food would they be able to produce? The amount would surely pose a huge threat to the food market of the Human Race,

At the same time, the Humans had already signed a fair price agreement with the Beastmen. And with this agreement, the Merchants would have to fork out the expense of transport. Merchants weren’t like ZHao Hai, who can just carry his goods through the Space.

Therefore, the prices of food on the Prairie would still be high, but much lower compared





compared to before. However, this would mean that Merchants wouldn’t be able to earn as much, aside from the large Merchants. Those small Merchants wouldn’t be able to do business in the Prairie anymore since the profits wouldn’t be enough anymore.

But as the matter stands, the Beastmen cannot have another food shortage anymore. If it happens again, another war between the two races would surely happen. Therefore, what Zhao Hai meant to do was to sell the grain from the Black Wasteland to the Beastman Prairie. This way, not only would the Beastmen’s food problem be solved, it would also stabilize the food market in the Prairie.

Zhao Hai also discovered that the Beastmen weren’t like those ancient Prairie dwellers back on Earth. For generations, the people living on the Earth’s Prairie has always been very eager to conquer the land of the Han people. They were bent on being the rulers of that land. Therefore, they were waiting for the Hans to grew weak, and then they would invade China.

On the other hand, these Beastmen had their own civilization. Moreover, their society wasn’t any worse than the Humans. This stopped them from having thoughts of going to the Human domain. In this world that depends heavily on strength, the ones who advocates this rule the most were the Beastmen Race, this made them dislike the Humans. In their opinion, Humans were too starved, which explains their weak and thin appearance, so their lands shouldn’t be that good. Because of this, the Beastmen didn’t covet the Human lands. At the same time, the Beastman Prairie was already too big for the Beastman Race to thrive in.

Since the Beastmen didn’t have much thoughts towards the Human lands, it wasn’t common for them to wage war. The only reason for them to wage war was in the situation where their survival was threatened.

A Beastman’s aggression was deeply connected to their straightforward temper. In their eyes, black is black, white is white. Not unlike other people where grey was in between black and white. The Beastmen simply didn’t have this view.

It was because of these violent tendencies of the Beastmen that they would go into a fight over the smallest details. It gave people the impression that they were warfreaks. But in truth, the Beastmen disliked war as well.

Even if the Beastmen





the Beastmen looked down on Humans, they actually depend on human grain to survive. At the same time, the Humans also need Beastmen beast skins, wool, and beast meat. Therefore, it was possible for both sides to depend on each other.

The Beastmen had a straightforward attitude, very much unlike the Human Merchants who were very greedy for benefit. There were several times where Humans and the Beastman went to war because of their greed. They priced their goods too high, negatively affecting the survival of the Beastman race. So in order to survive, the Beastmen would have no choice but to take up their weapons and pillage the Human lands.

Zhao Hai sending his grain to the Prairie would definitely solve this situation. If he becomes the top grain merchant in the Prairie, the Beastmen wouldn’t be able to worry about grain anymore. In this case, it would be impossible for the Humans and Beastmen to wage war with each other anymore.

And if that happens one day, what benefits would the Buda Clan gain? It was even possible for them to be the ones who would have the most profits in the entire Human race.

To be honest, Zhao Hai had thought about the time when the Rosen Empire negotiated for him to have the Purcell Duchy. If he gains control of that territory, it would be equivalent to adding the Purcell Duchy to the Black Wasteland. When that happens, he wouldn’t even need the Space to transport the food to the Prairie using the Space. He could just directly transport the food using normal means. However, it was a pity that it didn’t succeed.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t become anxious about this. As long as there is time, avenues of progress would be found. Later, he would slowly make his own grain route, this was because he didn’t know for how long he’ll live. If he dies, the Space would cease to exist. And when that happens, the Buda Clan would be able to use that route for their business.

Walk one step, look forward three steps, this was Zhao Hai’s attitude. He knew that the Space wouldn’t disappear with no reason, but he was afraid that it would be gone once he dies. Nobody was immortal, even 9th ranks were the same. Therefore, Zhao Hai considered the Buda Clan heavily in

Clan heavily in his decisions.

It was because of this that Zhao Hai invested his time on the Prairie. As long as he gains big clients in the Prairie, the Buda Clan’s future development wouldn’t be very difficult.

After handling the matters of the Black Wasteland, Zhao Hai went back to the Rosen Empire. Even if he had established his cooperation with the Calci Family and the others, the details would still be needed to discussed well. At the same time, the logistics of the business needed to be considered, otherwise their costs would increase by a lot.

It was important for a store to have a stable transport network so that it could sell and restock its items on time. Because of this, logistics was one of the most important aspects of a business.

There were only two forms of transporting goods in the Ark Continent. One was through the water, with the use of ships, while the other was through land, by having beast-pulled carriages.

Comparing these two, using the waters was much convenient. It was quicker, and it costs was much lower as well. Carriages might cost less in short distance transport, but ships were the most suited for long-distance shipment.

Even if it was good that Zhao Hai had established some good partners, the logistics wasn’t a well oiled machine. Those families have their own transport networks. Zhao Hai’s supplies cannot be just placed at one location, that would be very inconvenient.

In the end, Zhao Hai decided that with the current numbers of the Buda Clan, even with the addition of the Markey Family, it would be impossible for them to have a lot of shops. Therefore he settled for the second choice, establish some supply locations at some major cities. This would save a lot on transportation towards the nearest cities as he handed the goods over to the other families.

The Calci Family and the others naturally agreed to this. They were afraid that the Buda Clan would establish their own sales network since that would mean that they would have a new competitor. But even so, the Calci Family and the others didn’t extend their hands too far. Ruyen was currently managing a Buda Clan business in Purcell Duchy. This was the sole place in the entire continent where the Buda Clan directly sells Haven products.





* * *


  












Chapter 551 – Marriage

Nobody expected Ruyen to return to the Purcell Duchy. Right now, she has been changed, she was very much like another person. Zhao Hai sent her to the Duchy because of her familiarity with the place, not because of the Purcell Family’s reputation.

Now, the Purcell Duchy was not named Purcell Duchy anymore. It was renamed to the Northern Border. There is only an ordinary Noble here, not a Grand Duke.

However, this Noble was Boris’ trusted aide. This made Boris relieved in in placing him in the territory. Boris was now one of the people who hated the Radiant Church the most. Because of the Radiant Church’s machinations, he fell into his current situation. Although he had earned the Aksu Empire’s throne, he was actually in very deep debt. His current mood was not very good.

It was not only because of this, because of his error, the Aksu Empire had suffered a huge loss. This made his reputation among the Empire’s nobles come crashing down. At present, there were a lot of Nobles who didn’t obey him.

The only reason why he was still on the throne was because the Aksu Imperial Family still held a huge influence inside the Empire. And even if the members of the Imperial Family were unhappy with Boris, they knew that if he were to be dethroned, nobody was qualified to please the public. Failure to control the populace would lead to the Nobles gaining more control. So for the sake of the Aksu Imperial Family, the members had no other choice than to support Boris.

Boris also knew about his current situation, therefore he exerted extra effort in arranging his trusted men to hold important positions. So when time comes where the others would want to deal with him, it wouldn’t be very easy.

The Aksu Empire’s current situation was actually fragile. If a powerful force gently nudged the Empire, then the Aksu Empire would have to change its name.

But no matter what, the Aksu Empire’s dilemma was caused by the Beastmen. Anyone who wanted to touch them right now would be despised, therefore nobody took the risk.

When talking about the matter of who would take over the Aksu





Empire, unless they were the Rosen Empire, no large influence would be able to face such a mess.

Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking about any of these. And even if Zhao Hai appears in the Aksu Empire, Boris would not dare to have some disrespect towards him. All the hatred between the two of them were all Boris’ fault. And now, Zhao Hai’s status was no longer much lower than him, who was an emperor. At this point, Boris can only choose to do good for Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about this, he just wanted to hand the Purcell Duchy’s affairs over to Ruyen. He also did this under the consent of Green and Merine.

Green and Merine agreed to it after talking it over with Evan. After Green agreed, Zhao Hai knew that his relationship with Ruyen had already been decided. Ruyen might marry him in the near future.

But compared to Laura and the others, Ruyen’s current status surely has a gap for Zhao Hai. If she wanted to marry Zhao Hai, she would need to make some achievements. This management of the shops in Purcell Duchy, now called Northern Border, was Green’s way of testing her.

If Ruyen does well, then she would probably be married to Zhao Hai. If she doesn’t, then it would be difficult to be Zhao Hai’s wife.

Zhao Hai thought that Ruyen’s arrogance would have her disagree with this condition. But Zhao Hai didn’t expect her to accept it without any hesitation. Zhao Hai knew that Ruyen might have some feelings for him, but not as deep as what Laura and the others had. The reason why she agreed was most likely because of the future of the Purcell Duchy.

The Purcell Family must rely on the Buda Clan to survive as well as to progress. For the Purcell Family, Ruyen agreed to be married to Zhao Hai.

After Zhao Hai heard about this result, he sighed. He didn’t object to it. He knew that such an agreement would come. But he wasn’t expecting it to happen with Ruyen.

In fact, even if Ruyen didn’t make any achievements, Zhao Hai would still be married to her later on. This marriage had a lot of advantages,





advantages, one could even call it a political marriage. If Ruyen gets married to Zhao Hai, then the Purcell Family would be sheltered by the Buda Clan. On the other hand, if Zhao Hai gets married to Ruyen, the Purcell Family would be willing to follow the Buda Clan.

Although Zhao Hai’s wives aren’t any lower than one another, but one must say that the most helpful to Zhao Hai right now was Laura. Although Laura’s status can’t compare to either Megan and Lizzy, but one shouldn’t forget that the Markey Family was now almost merged with the Buda Clan. This gave the Buda Clan a lot of talented people to use. Although Megan and Lizzy’s statuses were high, they couldn’t achieve something like Laura. Their families were just too formidable, and all of them were centered on their own family’s benefit. It wouldn’t be possible for them to help the Buda Clan while sacrificing their own benefits. Therefore, even if they publicly supported Zhao Hai, it wasn’t something hugely significant.

However, Laura’s support was very solid. With the Buda Clan’s present strength, they didn’t need public support, they need support like Laura’s. This was something that Lizzy and Megan can’t compete with.

Zhao Hai was aware of this, so he was also inclined to marry Ruyen so that he could get the full support of the Purcell Family. Even if the Purcell Family was now in a low point, they still had a lot of personal connections that the Buda Clan can make use of.

Establishing a Clan was much more difficult than what others imagine. Money, personal connections, strength, territory were all indispensable. Although the Buda Clan was doing very well, aside from strength, they were weak in all other aspects. Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to fulfill those deficiencies in order to grow the Buda Clan further.

One has to recognize that Zhao Hai was a person who has a good sense of crisis, it was because of this that he was very careful in his every action. But he didn’t oppose to this marriage. He also believed that Laura and the others wouldn’t object to it. These women had given their hearts to Zhao Hai and the Buda Clan.





Buda Clan. They wouldn’t oppose to anything that can benefit the Buda Clan.

The more he thought about this, the more Zhao Hai felt that he owed the ladies a lot. Zhao Hai hoped that they get pregnant as soon as possible. But it was a pity that even if he has tried so hard these past few month, Laura and the others still weren’t pregnant.

And when the Space checked, he doesn’t have any issues, the same was true for Laura and the others as well. It seems like they were only having bad luck.

Upon looking at the situation at the Northern Border, Zhao Hai felt relief. Then he prepared to set off for the Prairie. The first place that he would visit would be the Cows. Although it was proper for him to go to Beast God City first, he opted to visit the Herculean Bulls. After all, this was his tribe, and he was their Prince.

Zhao Hai didn’t ride Alien after he went out of the Space. Instead, he released a Blood Hawk and then sat in it as it went out from the Space. This time, the people who accompanied him were only Shun and Shue since both of them didn’t have much to do. Laura and the others were left behind since they had some other matters to attend to. If they also came out with Zhao Hai, things would be much more inconvenient.

Seeing three Blood Hawks coming from the skies didn’t make the Cows panic. The Herculean Bulls already knew that the Blood Hawks were Zhao Hai’s mounts.

After Zhao Hai landed, he was immediately welcomed by the Herculean Bulls. Zhao Hai was also glad to see them as he returned the gesture. He talked with them for quite some time and gave them his Milk Wine.

Zhao Hai’s Milk Wine output was now very high. And to guarantee its price, Zhao Hai didn’t sell a huge bulk of them to the continent. Therefore, he saved a lot of these Milk Wine inside the Space. And since the Beastmen loved liquor, it was a good idea to gift them some.

These Beastmen liked Zhao Hai very much, he seemed more like a Beastman unlike the other humans

the other humans they had met before. And everytime they greet him, he has some small gifts that he’d give them, this made the Beastmen very glad.

At this time, Mendez’s voice was heard, “You bastards, get out of the way.” When the people heard Mendez, they grunted a bit before they all ran away.

Mendez used this opportunity to approach Zhao Hai. Then he looked at Zhao Hai while shaking his head and smiling bitterly, “Little Hai, you can’t make those guys get used to receiving your gifts every time you meet.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “It’s fine, those are little gifts, not really worth much money. It’s good that it makes them happy. Right, let’s go in.” Then he walked to the main tent along with Mendez.

Wales, Yale, and Kony were already inside the tent. When Zhao Hai came in, Wales couldn’t help but laugh, “Little Hai, why did you only come this time? Our attack with the Humans was already finished for quite some time.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I only found time recently. You made the Aksu Empire very miserable. I sold some grain over there and made quite a small wealth.”

Wales quickly replied, “What did you sell to the Aksu Empire? Bread Fruits?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No, I sold them Bamboo Rice. What happened? You didn’t get a lot of food this time?”

Without even waiting for Wales to speak, Kony laughed and said, “You can’t be anymore wrong this time, Little Hai. We got a lot of good things this time. And it is because of you.”

Zhao Hai became confused as the looked at Wales and the others. Wales couldn’t help but smile and said, “Because of the information that you provided, we managed to defeat the Aksu Empire and the Radiant Church. And since you’re a Foreign Prince of our Herculean Bull Tribe, the Beast King decided to give your credit to our tribe. Therefore, we managed to get a lot of things this time.”

When Zhao Hai heard Wales, he smiled and said, “Well, that means the tribe wouldn’t need to buy food for a long time. Right, I brought over some daily necessities. I don’t know if you still need it.”





* * *


  












Chapter 552 – Anticipation

Wales smiled and said, “Oh, you really didn’t have to. You might now know, but we got much more than food this time. We also managed to get some daily necessities.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I heard that you came to the Purcell and Iksa territories, but I thought you didn’t get much. But if you need some in the future, don’t hesitate to tell me. Right, I’ll be leaving fifty Blood Hawks here. These things can be used more as scouts. But it’s a real pity that your bodies are too big. You won’t be able to use them as mounts.”

When Wales heard Zhao Hai, his face turned happy as he said, “Fantastic, I have a lot of uses for them right now. Then I’ll be impolite and accept them.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “No need to be polite with me. Right, do you have any food? I’m quite hungry. I have to go to Beast God City tomorrow. It’s been a long time since I went there, do you know the situation there right now?”

Wales asked, “You directly went here from the Human lands? I thought you went to Beast God City first.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m not too anxious about going to Beast God City, I don’t have a lot of things to do there right now. Because of the things that you’ve brought back, I think doing business there wouldn’t be a good idea at this time. Therefore, I decided to come here first.”

Wales felt moved as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother, your sentiment really leaves me speechless. Right no need to talk anymore, come with me for a drink. If I don’t have you fall face down today, then I would be very unfair to you.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “I’m not afraid. Did you think that my alcohol tolerance stayed the same as before? Let’s see who’ll end up face down.” Then the group laughed as they walked out of the tent.

Now, when Zhao Hai comes to the Herculean Bull tribe, Wales doesn’t even need to have someone prepare the feast. The Herculean Bulls would already prepare the food as soon as they see him. These people usually receive Zhao Hai’s liquor, and they didn’t want to just be on the receiving end all the time. So everytime Zhao Hai came, they would prepare some good food from their households. And if they don’t have any food, they can just kill some Argali to welcome Zhao Hai.

When the group arrived outside, the Argali and the bulls were already being roasted. What surprised Zhao Hai was that there were two things that were like mouse on the fire. This made Zhao Hai feel strange.

But when Wales saw those two mice, his eyes couldn’t’ help but turn bright as he said, “Grass Marten? Who brought these things?”

A large Herculean Bull came with a grin on his face. He also had one of those creatures tied up





in his hands, then he placed it in front of Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master Hai, when I went out today, I managed to spot these three things. I originally wanted to eat them myself, but since you came, I decided to contribute them and have one given to you since I know you like these peculiar things.”

Zhao Hai looked at the Green Marten curiously. This thing looked just like a big mouse but its skin was green and its eyes were bright black. It looked very cute.

Wales looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and smiled, “This Grass Marten is one of the Prairie’s unique Magic Beasts. Its level isn’t high, only about 3rd rank. But it’s very fast, it can hide in the grass effectively as well. And most importantly, this thing is a rare delicacy. Remember, if you eat this thing, just eat it as is, no need to add anything other than salt. Its innate flavor is the best.”

Then Wales turned his head to the large Herculean Bull and said, “Daws, you really are something. You should make sure to manage your fat. If you get any bigger, people might mistake you to be from the Pig-headed Race. Right, are there a lot of Grass Martens in the Prairie right now? How did you manage to get three?”

Daws didn’t mind Wales’ words, he only grinned as he answered, “Patriarch, I also came here to tell you about this matter. I recently discovered that there are a lot of Grass Martens around recently. Do you have any solutions for this?”

Wales knit the eyebrows on his head, he knew that even if these Grass Martens taste good, they were one of the pests that can destroy pastures. If the surrounding Grass Martens get to a large number, they would start to hunt and kill, affecting the herds of the Beastmen.

Zhao Hai didn’t frown upon hearing this, he just turned and smiled to Wales, “Brother, you don’t need to worry too much about this. Don’t you have a lot of Blood Hawks? The Blood Hawks are adept in hunting these things. In any case, you still need to feed the hawks, so might as well have them look for their own food, making them hunt these Grass Martens.”

Wales stared for a moment before he nods, “That’s right, hawks are the natural predators of the Grass Martens. Good, let’s do that. Daws it seems like you don’t only know how to eat. Right, I need to reward you. Little Hai, come give this guy something.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Brother, but you said that you’re going to reward him. How did the price become my responsibility?” Although he said so, he still took out a big bag of Milk Wine and handed it to Daws. Upon receiving the bag, Daws’ happiness can be evidently seen on his face.

At this time, the table was already prepared. Then Zhao Hai and Wales sat down before they happily chatted and





and drank. The group didn’t stop until all of them had gotten drunk.

The next morning, after Zhao Hai left the fifty Blood Hawks behind, he left the Herculean Bull Camp and then flew towards Beast God City.

He hasn’t gone to the neither the Mastiffs nor the Black Bears. Although he has good relationships with them, they still came lower compared to the Herculean Bulls. Therefore, Zhao Hai passed by them and directly went to Beast God City.

Beast God City was much more prosperous than before. However, even if there were a lot of Beastmen, Zhao Hai didn’t see a lot of Humans. Another strange thing to Zhao Hai was because these Beastmen were also sitting down and doing business.

After finding a place outside Beast God City, Zhao Hai left the Space. Then the three walked towards Beast God City. When they arrived, they can see a lot of Beastmen looking at them with hostile eyes.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about those gazes. He understood the minds of those Beastmen. They had just fought with Humans and there were no Human Merchants who came here yet. Therefore, Zhao Hai’s appearance this time was very eye-catching.

But Zhao Hai believed that those Beastmen wouldn’t do anything to him. They only looked at him this way because he didn’t have his carriage nor his friendship flags.

Also, when Zhao Hai arrived at the city, a carriage immediately came over to fetch him, it’s driver was Ah Tai.

When the Beastmen saw Ah Tai, they looked at each other and then smiled. Those who did business with Ah Tai greeted him, even the hostile eyes towards Zhao Hai disappeared.

All the Beastmen knew that the Magic Lily Shop has the friendship flags of the Dog-headed race as well as the Black Bears. But these friendships flags weren’t earned by Ah Tai, instead it was obtained by his boss. At the same time, Ah Tai’s boss not only gained the friendship flags of those two races, he was also the Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bull Tribe.

When Ah Tai went and greeted Zhao Hai personally, their status became clear. Therefore, the looks of these Beastmen towards Zhao Hai changed.

Ah Tai drove the carriage up to Zhao hai and then jumped down. After that, he bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I hope that you didn’t wait for me for a long time.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s fine, I’m enjoying the walk. I didn’t think that the Beastmen would do business here. I thought that they only trade with the Humans.”

Ah Tai smiled and said, “Young master might not know, but Beastmen trade as well. Not trading for their entire lives might be possible, but there were rare times when they would, like this time. I heard that they were trading for their spoils of war. They might have things that they deemed useless but can be used by other tribes. Therefore, they might as well exchange some items with each other.

Zhao Hai nodded, then he





then he looked at the transactions of the Beastmen and saw that it was just like what Ah Tai said. There were indeed some things that are useless for the Beastmen, this was because those things are specially made for Human use. For the Beastmen, these items belonged to the weak, but they decided to trade them for something since it was a pity to just throw them out.

When Zhao Hai went got on the carriage, Ah Tai immediately drove the vehicle to enter the city and headed to Magic Lily Shop. Ah Tai’s two children as well as Sister-in-law was already waiting for Zhao Hai at the store.

After Zhao Hai got out, Ah Tai’s whole family immediately came to welcome him. After they sat down on the backyard, Ah Tai looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, the business in our shop hasn’t been doing good these days. The Beastmen had gotten a lot of good things from the recent war. In the present time, the Beastmen didn’t lack in both items and food. Because of this, they didn’t come and trade with us.”

Ah Tai’s expression was somewhat guilty, he thinks that this situation was his mistake. But Zhao Hai didn’t care, he just waved his hand and said, “No need to be worried, I already thought about this point. Since the Beastmen already had what they need, then naturally they don’t need to buy anything more. But you’re not being smart enough, you should’ve been looking at things that the Humans might use. Since those things are useless to the Beastmen, you can trade them for a low price. When I go back to the Human lands, I can just go and sell them. Even they are sold cheap, wouldn’t we still be gaining profits?”

Ah Tai stared, then as if he was enlightened, he tapped his head and said, “Why haven’t I thought of that? Fortunately, the Young Master reminded me.”

Ah Tai’s wife then said, “I’ve also thought about what Young Master suggested, but most of the things that the Beastmen brought were old. Even if we bring them to the mainland, I’m afraid nobody would buy them even at a low price.”

Zhao Hai nodded, it seems like Sister-in-law was more wise than Ah Tai, she had already considered a lot of things. Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Sister-in-law, those things are indeed unsellable to the Humans, but these things aren’t that bad. Our Buda Clan can still make use of those. Our Clan now has 100 thousand slaves, and the clan still needs to supply them with various things. If we compare buying those things in the mainland with buying them from the Beastmen, we can certainly get much cheaper rates here with the Beastmen.

As soon as Sister-in-law heard Zhao Hai, her eyes couldn’t help but light up. “Right, right, I forgot about this. Now that the Beastmen has a lot of these things, we can certainly save some money if we buy it from

buy it from them.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Therefore, from now on, you need to think about this matter. Not only could we get items cheaply, we can also make a good impression towards the Beastmen.”

Ah Tai and Sister-in-law nodded, then Sister-in-law said, “Young Master, after the Beastmen returned to Beast God City, the Beast King left behind a message stating that once you return to the city, you should go and visit him at least once.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he believed that the Beast King would certainly do this. He had given the Beastmen a huge help, so the Beast King would definitely not ignore it. Zhao Hai just didn’t expect the Beast King to leave a message this soon.

Zhao Hai thought for a moment before he said, “Since I’ve just arrived, I’ll go see the Beast King tomorrow. Right, you don’t need to take care of me, I’ll be resting.” Ah Tai and his wife nodded and left, leaving only Zhao Hai, Shue and Shun in the tent.

Zhao Hai turned his head to Shue and Shun and said, “Looks like things are going smooth this time. As long as we take care of our matters here, well go back to the mainland. Then we’ll go explore the other nations, like Lyon Empire, Buddha Empire and the Ocean Waves Dynasty. It would be very regrettable if we don’t go there.”

Shun smiled and said, “The map of the southern part still wasn’t registered in the Space, so we can use this opportunity to place them into the map. Young Master, can we also go and see the Dwarves? From what I heard, they love drinking. Perhaps we can gain good things if we go and see them.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “ We should go and see them. If we want to get some iron in the mainland, it would be very difficult. But if we approach the Dwarves, we might get the opportunity to trade with them. That would be very advantageous for us”

Shue nodded and said, “Dwarf Iron Mountain is in Buddha Empire. Because of that, the Buddha Empire’s Heavy Armor Cavalry was able to move around unhindered. But I heard that the Dwarf Race also have some special plants and animals. If we get those things for the Space, perhaps Young Master can upgrade it. There’s nothing more important than increasing the Space’s levels right now.”

Zhao Hai and Shun nodded. It was true that the most important thing for them right now was to upgrade the Space. Once the Space levels up, it would be able to produce a lot of high level plants. And if they compound those, they might be able to make 8th to 9th level potions. At the very very best, they can make anyone enter 9th rank. Then in the future, they would be able to walk sideways in the continent.

And most importantly, one of the reasons that Zhao Hai was looking forward to the Space reaching level fifty was the ability to use multiple backgrounds.





* * *


  












Chapter 553 – Seeing the Beast King

Shun knew that what Shue said was right, but he still frowned and said, “Young Master, I think there is a much more suitable place to make the Space Level Up.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I know that you mean the Elven Forest. I also heard that there were a lot of stranger plants there. It certainly is the place most suitable to upgrade the Space. But you should know about the temperament of the Elves. They absolutely hate Humans. If we just rashly enter their forest, they might see it as aggression. Therefore, I’d rather see the Dwarves first. I heard that the Dwarves have some contact with the Elves sometimes. I want to see if we can learn something about the Elves from the Dwarves.”

Shun nodded and said, “So that’s the case. But is it true? I heard that the Dwarves are hot tempered, with attitudes no worse than the Beastmen. They like to play with iron, drinking liquor, and are generally rude Artisans. One the other hand, the Elves are elegant, seemingly looking like art, and has a huge affection towards music. Would such people have a friendly relationship with the Dwarven Race?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Who knows, I only read it in a passing note. I don’t know if its true or not. But elves disliking the Humans is something everyone on the mainland knows. Therefore, it would be much better for is to head to Dwarf Iron Mountain first.”

Shun nodded, then Shue looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Young Master, what do you think the Beast King wants to talk to you about?”

Shun smiled and said, “It should be something good. The Young Master has helped them quite a lot. With the attitude of the Beastmen, they would definitely give benefits to the Young Master.”

Shue actually shook his head and said, “Not necessarily. The Beast King is astute, him looking for Young Master might not be a good thing. Young Master, don’t think that things would be like the Herculean Bulls where the conclusion came in smoothly. For a person of the Beast King’s level, they will definitely think much deeper into this matter. He would surely not completely believe in you even if you helped them this time. Therefore, it would be a good thing if we get careful in interacting with them in the future.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “What Shue said is reasonable. Although the Beast





King is a Beastman, he is also a King, and had been for several years. His position being stable meant that he is strong both physically and mentally. We do indeed need to be more careful with him in the future.”

Then the three people chatted for a while before Ah Tai came and offered Zhao Hai a meal. After eating their meal, Ah Tai started to get busy in preparing to trade goods with the Beastmen. But even so, Zhao Hai didn’t actually make an appearance.

The next morning, after Zhao Hai ate his breakfast, he sat in a carriage and headed towards the Beast King’s place. There might only be few structures in the city, but the most famous of them was definitely the Beast King’s palace.

Although the Beast King Palace had palace in its name, its structure wasn’t really that big. It couldn’t even compare to a small Human castle. There was no way for the Beastmen to construct such a large building. If a Beastman wanted to build a house, they would have to kill some Magic Beasts. And one should know that Magic Beasts were extremely valuable assets for the Beastmen. They simply cannot bear to kill a lot of them.

Because of this, although the walls of the city wasn’t bad, the buildings inside were mainly tents. The few buildings that were inside Beast God City were small buildings of about three stories at most that had their own fences surrounding them. The city’s walls can be said to be the most extravagant structure that the Beastmen had made.

There was no fixed master of the Beast King Palace. When the Beastmen changes their King, the new Beast King would relocate to the Beast King Palace. When a King is replaced, then they would naturally need to move out.

It can be said that the Beast King Palace was a holy place in the hearts of all the Beastmen. Therefore, it was understandable for their guards to be very strict. When Zhao Hai arrived outside the Palace, he immediately got out of his carriage and examined the Beast King Palace. The palace walls weren’t very high, only about ten meters in height. Above the main entrance, three characters were engraved that spelled Beast King Palace. And at the walls, the flag of the Tiger Race has been placed on a pole and then hoisted up.

Guarding the entrance were four Tiger Beastmen. On their hands were long steel spears. On their waists





waists were leather whips. At the same time, they were also wearing great leather armor. When Zhao Hai stepped forward, he was met with cold looks from these Tiger Beastmen.

Zhao Hai reorganized his clothes and then arrived in front of a guard and gave a salute, “Beastman Brother, hello. I’ll have to ask you to inform the Beast King that Zhao Hai has come to answer his summons.”

Zhao Hai specifically picked his words, he told the guards that he only came here because he was ordered by the Beast King to do so. This way, the Beastmen guards wouldn’t be suspicious of him and might even allow him to go in.

Sure enough, when the guard heard Zhao Hai say his name, his expression immediately lightened up by a few levels. But he still didn’t make a move, he just gestured to a big tent beside the palace as he said, “You go to that tent over there. Someone would help you once you enter.” After Zhao Hai expressed his gratitude, he immediately headed towards the tent.

The decorations inside the tent were quite simple. There were several small tables inside where a few people were sitting in. Some of these people were Tiger Beastmen while some are from the Fox Tribe.

Zhao Hai didn’t dare to ignore them, so he immediately approached a table with a Tiger Beastman and said, “Brother, hello, I’m here in the orders of the Beast King. I’ll have to ask brother to send word for me.”

The Tiger wasn’t as strong as the others. Although his figure was still very tall, he looked a little thin compared to the other people in his race. But if he were compared to Zhao Hai, he would look like a big man.

The Beastman looked at Zhao Hai and faintly smiled, “So it’s Mister Zhao Hai. His Majesty did give the word for your visit. Please wait for a while, I’ll have someone come and escort you.”

After the person left, the five remaining people looked at Zhao Hai curiously. Zhao Hai gave a salute to these people and said, “Everyone, this is our first meeting. I really haven’t prepared any good gifts. I hope these bottles of liquor would suffice.” Then he gave each of them one bag of his Milk Wine.

The people inside the tent smiled. It was common courtesy to provide gifts when one meets a Beastman for the first time. Since Zhao Hai gave them something, these people immediately felt closer to





closer to him.

One of the Fox Beastman, who looked like young man, smiled at Zhao Hai and said, “We’ve already heard of Mister Zhao Hai’s name. For mister to be the Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bull Tribe as well as obtain the friendship flags of the Dog-headed Race and the Black Bear Tribe, this meant that Mister is a true friend to the Beastman. I must invite Mister to visit our Fox Tribe in the future. We have some businesses to discuss with Mister.”

The Fox-headed Race was generally considered to be the most wily among the Beastmen. They were notoriously shrewd, and many Merchants were very reluctant in doing business with them. This was because the Foxes were too smart, and there were times where the Merchant’s tricks failed because of the shrewdness of these Foxes.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about that as he smiled faintly and said, “I’d be happy to do business with the Fox Beastmen. Rest assured, I will certainly give you a visit.”

The Fox Beastman smiled and said, “Alright, we shall certainly kill some Argali to welcome you.”

At this time, sounds of footsteps could be heard. And before long, the previous Beastman came in from outside. He gave Zhao Hai a small bow and said, “I’m inviting Mister Zhao Hai. His Majesty is already waiting for you.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then placed a bag of Milk Wine on the Beastman’s table and said, “Thank you, brother. Please receive this small gift from me.”

The Tiger Beastman didn’t decline. Based on Beastman tradition, if others gave you a gift and you didn’t accept it, then it meant that you didn’t regard the other party as a friend. This was very different from the Human race. Back in the Human lands, if one gives you a gift, it was proper practice to decline it for one or two times before receiving it.

Then the two went out of the tent and headed towards the Beast King palace. This time, the guards didn’t stop them, the two were immediately allowed inside without any obstructions.

Once inside the Palace, Zhao Hai couldn’t stop himself from staring. Inside, he actually cannot see a single Tiger Beastman guard. Most of the people inside were from the Fox Race and the rest were half-Beastmen slaves. All of the people inside were very busy carrying and shuffling Sheepskin scrolls.

The Beast King Palace wasn’t a large place, but the entire place looks like a machine in high performance. People were processing

People were processing documents, filing them, delivering them to another person and then repeat.

Seeing this scene Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh. Compared to the Beast King Palace, the Rosen Empire’s palace, although very stylish, was very short of this kind of vigorous vitaliy. It was certainly a pity.

Under the leadership of the Tiger Beastman, Zhao Hai quickly navigated through the Palace. And in the middle of it was a small building. In front of this building were a couple of Tiger Beastman guards. They wore leather armor while having two steel whips placed on the back.

Zhao Hai and the Tiger Beastman arrived in front of the guards and said, “This is Mister Zhao Hai, allow him to come in.”

The guard nodded, then he waved his hand. The Tiger Beastman nodded and then left.

The guard looked at Zhao Hai and gave him a salute, “Mister, come with me. The Majesty is inside.” Zhao Hai returned the courtesy and then followed the guard to enter the building.

Zhao Hai stared as he went in the building. He expected that there would be a living room and some other rooms inside. But in truth, this place was unexpectedly the Beast King’s study. Inside, there were several large bookcases. Above the building was a sheepskin curtain, a thick wool carpet was spread on the floor. In the middle of the room was a huge brazier, with flames constantly flashing inside. Not far away behind the brazier was a large table. Behind that table was a chair, of which the Beast King was sitting at, with a lowered head as he wrote. There were several Fox Beastmen nearby as well, silently writing on some documents.

The guard bowed towards the Beast King and said, “Your Majesty, Mister Zhao Hai is here.”

The Beast King looked up. Zhao Hai held a chest salute and said, “Zhao Hai has come under the Beast King’s summons. I ask his Majesty’s forgiveness for me being late.”

The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Good, good. Alright, come and have a seat.” The he stood up and walked towards the brazier. Right beside the brazier was a circular table with stools on it side.

Zhao Hai sat alongside the Beast King near the Brazier. The guard immediately heated some Milk Wine on the brazier before serving it to both Zhao Hai and the Beast King before he retreated.

The Beast King held his glass up and hinted towards Zhao Hai before the two of them drank the wine.





* * *


  












Chapter 554 – Cooperation

When Zhao Hai saw the Beast King’s gesture, he didn’t dare to ignore it. Thus, he also drank from his cup.

These days, he has rarely drunk this kind of pure, undistilled Milk Wine. Although the smell of this wine is heavier, he has to recognize that its fragrance made the wine’s flavor quite different.

The Beast King smiled when he saw Zhao Hai drink the Milk Wine without his brows wrinkling. He knew that only a few Humans can stomach Milk Wine. There were Human Merchants who had been trading in the Prairie for a long time but still couldn’t drink Milk Wine. Zhao Hai wasn’t like any of them, he even seems like he loved drinking it.

The Beast King placed his glass down and had the guard serve him another glass. Then the Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I want to thank you for last time. If it weren’t for your help, our Beastman Race would have experienced huge losses.”

Zhao Hai also placed his glass down, allowing the guard to fill it back up. He smiled towards the Beast King and said, “Your Majesty is too polite. I treat the Beastmen as my friends, and the Radiant Church as my enemies. There is no reason for me to not help my friends and instead aid my foe.”

The Beast King smiled, then he said, “I made someone inquire, and I discovered that the grain that you sell to the Beastmen was priced much lower than other Human Merchants. Why is that?”

Zhao Hai replied, “This isn’t something strange. The other Merchants needed to recoup their transportation expenses, but on the other hand, I have my Spatial Bags. Since I use Spatial Equipment in transporting grain to the Prairie, then naturally my prices would be much smaller.”

The Beast King nodded, and then he laughed and said, “I’m afraid this method is very difficult for the others to learn. Nobody would use their Spatial Equipment just to transport grain. Hahaha.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. He knew that what the Beast King said was right. But the actual reason why Zhao Hai’s method cannot be copied by the other merchants was because they didn’t have Zhao Hai’s Space.

The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and then said, “There aren’t any Human Merchants that would dare come to the Prairie at this time. I estimate that this situation would go on for





several months. Although we had managed to snatch a lot of things, I’m sure those would run out in a few short months. At the same time, small Merchants would refrain from doing business in the Prairie anymore because of the fair price agreement. In the future, I fear that the food shortage would be even bigger than this time. And when that time comes, we could only get grain at a high price. Do you have any solutions to this?”

Zhao Hai smiled to the Beast King and replied, “Your Majesty, you don’t need to worry about this. As long as the Beastmen need food, I can sell it. This is not a problem.”

The Beast King stared, then his two eyes turned bright as he looked straight into Zhao Hai’s eyes and said, “You mean you have a lot of grain? Are they Bread Fruits?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I have plenty of Bread Fruits, plenty of Bamboo Rice as well. Therefore, Your Majesty don’t need to worry about the Prairie’s food in the future.”

The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai, he seems to think that he had misunderstood what Zhao Hai just said. The reason why he invited Zhao Hai over was to gauge if Zhao Hai is truly a friend to the Beastmen. If Zhao Hai passes his evaluation, then he would give him satisfactory benefits. If he fails, then he even if he wouldn’t chase Zhao Hai out, he would still be on guard against him.

But he didn’t think that Zhao Hai’s reply would be this. He was very clear about the amount of food that the entire Beastman Race needed. It was an astronomical amount.

When Zhao Hai saw the Beast King’s expression, he knew what was on the Beast King’s mind. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, you don’t really have to worry. My territory doesn’t only produce Bamboo Rice and Bread Fruit, I also have other things cultivated there. To be honest, if I don’t sell my food over to the Beastmen and instead dump them to the Human markets, then I’m afraid the price of food would immediately plummet. And I don’t want it to be like that. Therefore, I want to bring them over to the Prairie and sell it here. Not only is the purchase price high in the Prairie, the demand is also very large. And if I sell my





my products to the Beastmen, I won’t be affecting the Human markets, and I won’t be destabilizing the economy.”

The Beast King nodded, although he was a Beastman, after all these years of being a Beast King he has managed to have some understanding about Human matters. He knew that among the merchants who came to the Prairie, only those big Merchants were able to make a fortune, small Merchants wouldn’t be able to earn a lot.

He knew the price of grain on Human lands, but he also knew how much it costs for the humans to transport grain to the Prairie. Aside from artificial reasons, this overhead cost was the reason why prices of grain in the Prairie was very high.

Because of this, the fair price agreement between the Empires and the Beastmen didn’t include having the same price as in the Human domain. This was because it would be an unrealistic scenario, and there would be no merchants that would sell food to the Beastmen anymore if that happens.

Moreover, the Beast King also knew that in the Human lands, the influence of each Great Noble Family was very formidable. And with how their grain business is closely tied with their military, these Great Nobles would do their best in order to keep the price constant. Any fluctuation to the market would have huge impact to these Great Nobles.

As for the Buda Clan, the Beast King was aware of it as well. The rise of this clan can only be described as absurd. In a very short year, forget about being a Middle-ranked clan, they immediately became one of the most powerful Clans in the Human continent. This kind of development can only be read in legends.

These information were acquired by the Beast King from the Nobles that they had fought. In truth, he had expected Zhao Hai to be someone who didn’t have much reputation among the Humans. But after his inquiries, he managed to find out how big Zhao Hai’s fame was.

With Zhao Hai’s recent response, the Beast King finally believed that Zhao Hai did really have a huge hatred towards the Radiant Church. But if he adds the Great Nobles to his list of enemies, he wouldn’t be able to thrive among his race. Affecting the grain market of the Human Race wasn’t something that the Buda Clan can afford to handle.

Seeing the Beast King starting to believe him, Zhao





him, Zhao Hai then said, “I really do see the Beastmen as friends. To tell you the truth, I really don’t like to interact with other Humans, it’s too tiring. Haha.”

The Beast King stared at Zhao Hai before he chuckled and then it turned into a laugh. A laugh so thick that it penetrated deep into one’s soul.

After some time, the Beast King stopped and then with a deep voice he said to Zhao Hai, “Good, good. Starting today, you’re also going be my friend. As well as my Tiger Tribe’s friend.”

The Beast King wasn’t only the alliance leader of the Beastman Race. At the same time, he was also the Patriarch of the the Giant Tiger Tribe. His influence in his tribe was so big that he can claim to say these words.

When Zhao Hai heard the Beast King, his heart couldn’t help but beat in glee. He knew how heavy the words of the Beast King were. With those words, he would be able to walk in the Prairie much more freely. Even the famous Tribes of the Prairie would have to give him face.

Zhao Hai immediately stood up and gave a salute, “Zhao Hai is very thankful to His Majesty.”

The Beast King waved his hand and had Zhao Hai sit down, then he said, “Our Beastman Race’s food problem would be handed over to you. I don’t know if you knew, but why do you think our Beastmen race is always fighting? It’s to survive. If the Big Tribes wanted to survive, they would have to snatch from the small tribes. And in turn, those small tribes would snatch from the smaller tribes. In between these battles, a lot of lives would be lost. All because there is no food. As a Beastman myself, thinking about this is very painful!”

Zhao Hai couldn’t think of any response as he listened to the Beast King. What the Beast King said was true. Do the Beastmen really want to fight? Of course not. No race was born to kill and die, all of them were only compelled to do so in order to survive.

The Beast King sighed and then turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “These years, we had always wanted to establish a good relationship with the Humans. But the Human race simply didn’t pay any attention to our Beastman Race. They regard us as barbarians, some even look at us

look at us as if we are Wild Beasts. The only thing they want from us is more profit. With such people, who in their right minds would want to cooperate with them? Zhao Hai, those few words you spoke back then outside Iron Wall Fortress moved me. You said that in your eyes, Beastmen and Humans are the same intelligent beings. That made me thing, if there was one Human that we Beastman can comfortably cooperate with, it would only be you.”

Zhao Hai stared at the Beast King, he didn’t say anything. He knew that these words of the Beast King were spoken with true sincerity, this was what was truly inside the Beast King’s heart.

After a moment, Zhao Hai opened his mouth and said, “Your Majesty, I’ll stand behind the words that I’ve said. I treat the Beastmen as my equal. Your Majesty doesn’t need to worry about anything if you cooperate with me.”

The Beast King nodded and then patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder, “Alright, I’ll believe you. I hope you can do it.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t disappoint you, Your Majesty. Right, I’ll have to offer Your Majesty a cup.” Then he turned his hand and took out a bottle of Milk Wine.

The Beast King looked the bottle that Zhao Hai just took out, he had seen this liquor before. The Herculean Bulls and the Black Bears have gifted him some of these. To be honest, he really loved this liquor. This liquor was obviously Milk Wine, but it was much different than what he had drank before.

The Beast King didn’t decline and then finished his Milk Wine first before handing his cup over to Zhao Hai. After he took a sip of Zhao Hai’s milk wine, he nodded. This was indeed the same wine that the Black Bear Tribe has sent.

After looking at the Beast King, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, perhaps we can cooperate and produce this liquor. What do you think?”

The Beast King couldn’t help but stare at Zhao Hai in confusion. He knew what this liquor represented, it represented huge profits, incomparably huge profits.

When he went to the Human lands, he also inquired about this liquor. This Milk Wine was very popular among the Humans as well. Moreover, it’s sold at a very high price. If Zhao Hai cooperates with the Beastmen, then it would absolutely bring them huge benefits.





* * *


  












Chapter 555 – Cooperation(2)

The Beast King stared at Zhao Hai, he really cannot believe what he just heard. He knew that Zhao Hai was the sole producer of this Milk WIne in the Human domain. But if Zhao Hai can tell the Beastmen the method, then the Beastmen would be gaining very good benefits.

Zhao Hai looked at the Beast King’s expression and smiled, “I think that the Milk Wine the Beastmen produce actually tastes very good, but it cannot be stored for too long. I can process your Milk Wine and make them into this. What I’m thinking about was for the Beastmen to ferment the Wine and then sell them to me. After that I’ll be selling the processed wine to the mainland. What do you think?”

The Beast King knitted his brows, to be honest, he didn’t like this approach. This was because the Beastmen wouldn’t gain a lot of benefits. But except for this method, Zhao Hai might not accept any other way.

However, after thinking about it, the Beast King still felt relief. This method of turning normal Milk Wine to high quality Milk Wine was something that only Zhao Hai possessed. If Zhao Hai taught them for no reason, then that would be very suspicious.

But even if Zhao Hai didn’t teach them the method, it doesn’t really matter. After all, Zhao Hai buying their Milk Wine would provide an income to a lot of Beastman households.

The Beastmen herd Argali. And like any other beast, the Argali would eventually give birth. And along with that, they would produce milk. However, all of these milk couldn’t be entirely drank by the Beastmen. Therefore, they would transform the milk into other products such as Milk Wine, cheese, milk skin, and so on.

But these products were still hard to preserve, especially in the Prairie. The Prairie’s environment can cause food to quickly spoil.

Sometimes, Beastmen would just drink the milk as though they were water, which was really a waste. If Zhao Hai bought the milk, then it would certainly be beneficial to ordinary Beastmen.

The Beast King nodded and said, “This is a good thing, but how do you plan to collect these Milk Wines? If they were left for a long time, then their taste would change. Once it changed flavor, do you still want to make them into your Milk Wine?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “This is something that I’d like to ask Your Majesty for help. I want to cooperate with some Beastmen, preferably the Big Tribes. I’ll ask them to collect those Milk Wines and then I’ll take them once every few days. What do you think about this?”

The Beast King thought for a moment and nodded, “This is not an issue, it helps the Beastmen as well. But the Beastman Prairie is too large. Even if the tribes are willing to cooperate with you, are you able to pick them all up?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, did you forget? I have my Blood Hawks. I can use them as transport, greatly reducing travel time. I’ll take





care of everything else as long as you can make those tribes work with me.”

The Beast King nodded and said, “Alright, then it’s settled. I’ll help you and write an letter to those big tribes. When you have time, you can go to them and discuss your terms.”

Zhao hai nodded, “Thanks a lot, Your Majesty. I’ll go visit them them as soon as possible.”

The Beast King smiled and said, “You don’t need to be polite. This is also a good thing to us Beastmen. Moreover, I’m not afraid of you deceiving me. In fact even if you did, we wouldn’t be losing a lot. These things would sometimes just turn to waste. With your business, we would be able to turn these excess things into money. It’s definitely worth it.”

When Zhao Hai heard the Beast King, he couldn’t help but smile and said, “It would indeed be better if the Beastmen would gain some income, their lives would be a bit better. RIght, I can pay the Beastmen in three ways, first method is paying them with food and daily necessities. Another way is to pay them with gold and silver, they can use it to trade with other Human Merchants. The third is Magic Beasts, such as Argali. Naturally, I won’t be buying them in high price. I also ask His Majesty to explain it to them, I’m afraid that they won’t believe me.”

The Beast King looked at ZHao Hai and forced a smile, “Not only them, even I might not believe it. If you tell me that you’d buy them in gold and silver, then I might believe you. But trading Milk Wine with Argali? I’m afraid that’s too good to be true. You must know that compared to Humans, we Beastmen regard Argali as much more valuable than grain.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I know, but Your Majesty can rest assured, I meant what I just said.”

The Beast King nodded and then he smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, I’ll believe you. I’ll release word to the Prairie about this. You don’t need to worry.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll work on this as soon as possible.”

The Beast King gave a nod, then he turned to the Tiger Guard and said, “Little Tiger, inform everyone that I’ll be having a meal with Mister Zhao Hai at noon. Make them prepare something delicious.”

Zhao Hai didn’t stop the Beast King. Having a meal with the Beast King can also give him some advantages. He looked at the Beast King and said, “Your Majesty, I’m planning to see the Dwarven Race after a period of time. Therefore, I’ll leave the matters of the Prairie over to Ah Tai. If Your Majesty needs anything, you can just send word to Magic Lily store and inform him. He will then pass the message over to me.”

The Beast King’s eyes shined as he said, “You want to go to the Dwarves? That’s fantastic. I heard that the Dwarves have a lot of similarities with the Beastmen. They also have contact with the Elves, so





so they shouldn’t be worrying about food. Zhao Hai, I only ask you for one thing. Can you help us get some ironware when you return? Not just weapons, but anything made from Iron would be great. The Beastmen really lacks a lot of iron.”

Zhao Hai nodded and smiled, “The Dwarves make a lot of metallic items. I think that wouldn’t be a problem. Your Majesty can rest assured.”

When the Beast King heard Zhao Hai, his expression immediately turned to happiness as he replied, “That’s great. I must thank you in advance. Alright, let’s leave and go to the dining room.”

Zhao Hai didn’t decline and went to the dining room with the Beast King. And when they arrived Zhao Hai stared, didn’t expect the dining room to be another small building inside the Beast King Palace. This building has three stories, the first and second stories were places for the staff to eat while the topmost floor was dedicated for the Beast King.

This made Zhao Hai feel new and strange. The Beast King was really very different compared to the Human monarchs. For example, when the Rosen Emperor eats a meal, he would do it in special place, it was impossible for other people to eat there. The only exception was when the Emperor allowed that person to dine there. But in the Beast King Palace, the Beast King actually dines in the same place as the others.

When they arrived at the dining room, some Fox Beastmen immediately served them several milk products. Naturally, all of these are just side dishes. The main dish was of course the meat.

While Zhao Hai and the Beast King were eating, they discussed the details of the Milk Wine transaction. The discussion was even carried over after their meal. It was evident that the Beast King was very enthusiastic about this cooperation.

After leaving the Beast King Palace, Zhao Hai immediately returned to Magic Lily Shop. But after arriving in front of the shop, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. The state of the shop was much more different compared to yesterday’s desolate atmosphere. Currently, the shop was very lively, a lot of Beastmen were encircling the shop and being noisy.

After listening for a while, Zhao Hai understood what was going on. Ah Tai must have already spread their intent to buy those things that were useless to the Beastmen. The Beastmen were now discussing with Ah Tai about the price of their trade.

These people weren’t representing themselves, but instead their own tribes. Therefore, they didn’t bring anything along with them, but it was certain that the volume wouldn’t be very small.

Zhao Hai didn’t mind it, Ah Tai can deal with this situation by himself. Therefore, he returned to his tent at the back along with Shue and Shun. After entering the tent, Zhao Hai immediately went to the Space and discussed his Milk Wine cooperation with the Beastmen to Laura and the others.

When Laura heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but knit her brows and said, “Brother Hai, this is indeed a great idea. But with





But with this, our prices in the hotel would be lowered. Also, our wineries aren’t fully built as well. I’m afraid we won’t be able to get any profits in the short-term.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I know. But in fact, it’s very simple to process Milk Wine. As long as we have more apparatus for distillation, everything will be okay. We’ve been doing things wrong since the beginning. We have the Processing Machine, we can just produce some more efficient distillation equipment. Not only could it enhance the flavor, it’s output was much higher as well. And don’t forget, although the Beastmen can produce Milk Wine, a majority of them used Argali milk. Even if Argali milk tastes good, it couldn’t compare to the cow milk that we use. Therefore, our own Milk Wine would still taste much better. When we sell the Beastmen’s milk wine, we can just label it as a common liquor, while we advertise our Milk Wine as high end versions. With this contrast, we can still manage to get substantial income from this business.”

As soon as Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai, their eyes couldn’t help but light up. They had experienced how magical the Processing Machine was. As long as they know what they want, then the Processing Machine can certainly make it. They couldn’t think of anything that the Processing Machine can’t make. Therefore, Zhao Hai’s idea was very reasonable.

At the same time, outsiders aren’t able to observe what happens inside the Black Wasteland. So this method was indeed feasible.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, then there’s no problem. Now that we got our trade network, selling them out wouldn’t be a problem. Brother Hai, we must carry this out as soon as possible. Not only would it make the Beastman comfortable, it can also bring a lot more benefits to our Buda Clan.”

Lizzy nodded and said, “Big Brother Hai, i think that we should also inform Third Brother about this. After all, most of our sales involve wholesale, we need to rely on others with regards to retail business.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “We don’t need to worry about this for now. We need to first establish a receiving network inside the Prairie. After that, it wouldn’t be too late to discuss things with Third Brother. Moreover, for the system of receiving goods, I already have someone in mind.”

Lizzy stared in confusion as she asked, “Someone? Who is that? We already have our Blood Hawks, we don’t need to cooperate with another person.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The Beastman Prairie is too big. Moreover, I don’t want to bring attention to the amount of Blood Hawks that I have. Therefore, I wanted to cooperate with the Hawk Beastmen. Although they cannot fly as far, short distances wouldn’t be a problem. They can help us concentrate the supply from some small tribes to the big tribes. It would be much more convenient for us to collect it with that method. And if we cooperate with the Hawk Beastmen, it would be

it would be equal to tying them with our business. For us, this is definitely a good choice.”

Laura nodded and said, “I agree with Brother Hai’s words. The Hawk Race is also a big Warring Race. The placement of the tribes is very broad, and their status among the Beastmen is high as well. We must ask for the Beast King’s help in convincing the Hawk Race to help us. At the same time, this cooperation would bring benefits to them as well, so they definitely won’t decline. The Markey Family has some relationship with the Golden Ringed Hawks from before, we can approach them for this matter.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled faintly and said, “As long as this thing goes through, I think the friendship flags of the Tiger and Hawk Race would be in our hands soon. When that happens, our Buda Clan’s reputation in the Prairie would be increased. This would be very good for our future plans in the Prairie.”

Laura nodded, “Although we have a lot of business there, we don’t have a lot of partnerships with the big Warring Tribes, we only have Dogs and Black Bears. If we want to dominate the entire grain market of the Prairie, gaining a lot of partnerships would be the most important thing for us to do.”

Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, when do you plan on visiting the Hawk Tribe?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ll go visit them two days after the Beast King spreads the word of our Milk Wine cooperation. When that time comes, it wouldn’t be too late for me to visit them.”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and shifted the topic, “Elder Brother Hai, do you really want the Dwarves to make some weapons for the Beastmen? What if they attack the Humans?”

Zhao Hai sighed, then he replied, “It really depends. If the Beastmen are really willing to attack the Humans, they wouldn’t even need weapons in order to do so. But if they don’t want to attack, even if they have good weapons, they still wouldn’t do so.”

Laura nodded and said, “Things are still arbitrary. After all. we still don’t know the situation with the Dwarves. But if the Beast King says that they have a relationship with the Elves, then it is possibly so. As long as we get in touch with the Elves as well, then the benefits to us would be very big.”

The people present knew what Laura meant. They needed a lot of things to upgrade the Space, and they didn’t have the means to do so right now. Therefore, they can only get the materials from the Elven Forests in order to progress.

The Elven Forest was recognized as the most mystical place that was inhabited by an intelligent race. It’s mysteriousness wasn’t any worse than the Carrion Swamp. And from the previous contacts with the Elves, it was said that the forest contained a lot of strange flowers and plants. And it was precisely those things that managed to get Zhao Hai’s attention.





* * *


  












Chapter 556 – Karen Goes Insane

Several days passed as Zhao Hai stayed inside Magic Lily Shop. However, he wasn’t idling inside. Although he has mapped most of the Prairie, there was still quite a large chunk of it that he has not yet saved. If he wanted to do business in the entire Beastman Prairie, then it would be better for him to save the Prairie’s map into the Space’s monitor.

At the same time, Ah Tai has been busy as well. He was working hard at making the transactions with the Beastmen. From being an unknown store, the Magic Lily Shop had already managed to make a reputation among the Beastmen. And it was not only because it was the first shop that had Beastmen Friendship flags in it, but it was also because of the recent matter.

Being reluctant in throwing useless things away was another trait of the Beastmen. Because of this, they would have piles of rotting things in their hands. They couldn’t sell it off as well since it was also useless to the other tribes.

But now that Magic Lily Shop was willing to take those off of their hands, it wasn’t a mystery as to why the Beastmen were ecstatic. It didn’t take long before word spread to the entire Beastman Prairie, giving the Beastmen a favorable impression towards Magic Lily Shop.

Five days after Zhao Hai met with the Beast King, a reaction was finally seen in Beast God City. The Beast King sent forth various scrolls out, these scrolls were like those used in Ancient China. those scrolls were sent to various Patriarchs of the Beastman Race, informing them about Zhao Hai’s Milk Wine partnership.

The excitement that this caused was much greater than the purchasing of useless goods. Many Patriarchs had gone to Beast God City to confirm whether this was true or not. In turn, this made Ah Tai much more busy, he now has to deal with the inquiries of the Patriarchs every day.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation and knew that it was the time to visit the Golden Ringed Hawks. Through the Golden Ringed Hawks, he can reach the Hawk Race’s Royal Tribe. Then he would talk to their Hawk King with regards to his plan of cooperation with the entire Hawk Race.

Three days after the Beast King sent word out, Zhao Hai rode his carriage as it left Beast God City and headed to the Golden Ringed Hawk’s territory.

The





Golden Ringed Hawks were also a major force inside the Hawk Race. They were one of the formidable Beastmen in the Prairie. Their builds weren’t tall and big, however their flying mounts were fast. Among the Beastman race, the Golden Ringed Hawks were among the most well known aerial scouts.

In the past, when the Golden Ringed Hawks and the Markey Family were in a partnership, they way that the Markey Family conducted themselves were very overbearing. Therefore, their cooperation with the Golden RInged Hawks wasn’t very big. If one were to describe it, their transactions might be in the low to medium sized.

Zhao Hai’s carriage travelled quickly, he wanted to reach the Hawk Race at the shortest possible time and discuss the cooperation with the other races. This way, the logistics of the Milk Wine business would get established as early as possible.

In the past few days, Zhao Hai had spent a lot of gold coins in the Space to make a lot of advanced level distillation equipment. Once these equipment were installed in Iron Mountain Fort, their Milk Wine output would definitely increase by a large amount.

Naturally these equipment needed power, but Zhao Hai had already thought about it. So he also had the Processing Machine make a set of generators in the Space. This generators were hydropower generators. Although their electric output wasn’t high, it was enough to satiate for the power consumption of the distillation equipment.

And since the process involved electricity, Zhao Hai made sure to have the workers educated in safety and reminded them to work carefully. He didn’t want someone to have an accident.

But while Zhao Hai installed these things, a person immediately came with eyes as bright and shiny as the sun. This person was none other than his father-in-law, Karen.

Karen was infatuated in inventions and novel ideas, and the things that he invented were mostly dealing with Magic Formations that increase comfort of life. So now that he saw the new things that Zhao Hai brought, he immediately felt very curious.

Therefore, it didn’t take a long time before he planned to allocate all of his time and energy to research this new thing. When Zhao Hai saw his expression, he immediately invited Karen into the Space, letting Karen see the blueprints of these new equipment.

And since Karen was an expert in this field, he immediately discovered how useful these things would be in the Ark Continent. Because of the existence of Magic Crystals,





Crystals, most of the equipment in the continent were exclusively using Magic Crystals as sources of power. The blueprints that Zhao Hai showed Karen made him see another side of the world. It seems like there was a power system that can replace the Magic Crystals.

Zhao Hai didn’t plan to stop Karen upon seeing his excited expression. He allowed Karen to inspect the equipment but he also told Laura to pay attention to Karen and make sure that he gets proper food and rest. Zhao Hai knew that Karen was a research freak. Once Karen discovers something interesting, it wasn’t unlikely for him to study without end.

Five days passed by and Zhao Hai finally arrived at the Golden Ringed Hawk’s domain. In Zhao Hai’s mind, he expected the Golden Ringed Hawks to live in a mountain or maybe in a forest. However, he didn’t think that the Golden Ringed Hawks’ camp would actually be just like the camp of any other Beastman in the Prairie.

On Zhao Hai’s carriage, the friendship flags of the Dog Race and the Black Bear Tribe as well as the Herculean Bull King’s flag was erected. Therefore, one could say that his road was always left unblocked. Every tribe that Zhao Hai met treated him with politeness. And when it was time to rest in the evening, these tribes would be very enthusiastic to have Zhao Hai stay with them.

Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t decline their offers, he also gave these tribes some of his Milk Wine as a gift. The tribes near Beast God City were almost all Big Warring tribes. When they went to war, a lot of their loot came up to be useless. So when Magic Lily shop started to buy these items, these tribes were extremely glad. And since Zhao Hai was the shop’s owner, it was no wonder that they treated Zhao Hai as a valuable guest.

At the same time, the reason why Zhao Hai gave them some Milk Wine was because these Beastmen weren’t lacking in both grain and daily necessities. He also decided to give them his Milk Wine in order to show them the Milk Wine that he’d make from the Milk Wines that these tribes would produce. This way, the doubts in these Beastmen’s minds would eventually fade away.

When Zhao Hai finally arrived at the Golden Ringed Hawk’s Domain, he didn’t even need to head towards their main camp before the tribe sent a party to welcome him.

A





welcome him.

A team of a thousand Golden Ringed Hawk Knights descended next to Zhao Hai’s carriage. When Zhao Hai gave his name, they immediately flew back up into the sky and lead the way towards their main camp.

Upon arriving at the camp of the Golden Ringed Hawks, Zhao Hai was immediately led to the camp’s golden tent. This golden tent was very similar to other golden tents of the Beastmen. But from what Zhao Hai can see, the living standards of this tribe was very good. Their golden tent looked much better compared to the Black Bears.

When Zhao Hai entered the tent, he saw several Golden Ringed Hawks present inside. On the most honored seat, an old Golden Ringed Hawk can be seen. This old Beastman had a huge Hawk Head, and the feathers on his neck were gold, it looked very beautiful.

Zhao Hai quickly noticed an issue, although the Golden Ringed Hawks had Hawk heads, the shape of their faces were more like a Human. At the very least, their eyes weren’t on the sides of their heads, but were instead at the front like how Humans were. They looked more like a Human with crazy hair compared to a Hawk-headed beastman.

Zhao Hai quickly took a step forward and made a bow and said, “Zhao Hai has seen the Golden Ringed Hawk tribe’s Hawk King. I thank the Hawk King for sparing time to see me.”

The Golden Ringed Hawk King laughed and stood up to help Zhao Hai up, then he said, “Mister Zhao Hai is too polite. Even the Beast King treats you as an honored guest, so how could I dare neglect your presence?” His voice was somewhat hoarse, but his imposing tone was very strong, worthy of someone who held the title of Hawk King.

Zhao Hai hastily straightened his body and then smiled and said, “The Hawk King is also too polite. I only became the Beast King’s guest because of his summons. And then we discussed about a partnership. Therefore, I won’t dare to receive the Hawk King’s favor.”

The Hawk King laughed, “Mister shouldn’t be too polite, for the Beast King to accept Mister’s Milk Wine business meant that the Beast King also held you in high regard. Right, Mister, what’s the reason for you to specially come to my Golden Ringed Hawk tribe?”

Zhao Hai quickly replied and said, “The Hawk King might not know, but the Markey Family who had business with you in the past

in the past is somewhat related to me. Therefore, I went here to see you first.”

The Hawk King asked Zhao Hai to sit down first then he offered him Milk Tea and then said, “Oh? I didn’t know about that. What relationship did Mister and the Markey Family have? But I heard that Mister is part of the Buda Clan?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “My Buda Clan was once a medium-sized family in the Aksu Empire. But were were later framed and was exiled to the Black Wasteland. Since we can’t develop the land there, I had no choice but do business. And then while doing so, I fell in love with a young lady from the Markey Family named Laura. But the Markey Family didn’t like me, and were very adamant in breaking our relationship so they sent some assassins to deal with me many times. In the end, I had enough of it and decided to eliminated them, making my wife the family’s Patriarch. And after my wife took over, we noticed that the family had some business with the Golden Ringed Hawk Tribe in the past. But when we were about to visit, we didn’t expect that the Radiant Church would cause a food shortage in the Prairie. I only have so much food in my hand that it would only be like throwing a cup of water in a burning carriage if I decided to help. And now that my wife is handling the affairs of the Markey Family after the family’s recent conflict, we had no other choice but to let other business go. It’s truly regrettable.”

Zhao Hai said these to the Hawk King because he wanted to tell the Hawk King that the Markey Family who interacted with you before was not the same as the Markey Family right now.

Zhao Hai knew that they Markey Family didn’t have any good reputation in the Prairie. So he was afraid that the Hawks would misunderstand him. If he doesn’t say those words, then the cooperation with the Hawks might go through a bumpy road.

At the same time, from the Hawk King’s words, Zhao Hai understood that the Golden Ringed Hawks were somewhat aware of the situation on the Human domain. Therefore, Zhao Hai told his matters to the Hawk King straightly, avoiding any misunderstandings in the future.

*note – removed the ‘-headed’ from the race names. It makes me feel giddy and is awkward to type in the keyboard xD*





* * *


  












Chapter 557 – Hawk King Mountain

The Hawk King quietly listened to Zhao Hai’s words. To be honest, he already had a bit of understanding about Zhao Hai’s affairs. Back at the war, when Zhao Hai gave the Beastmen information, the Beast King had asked the Hawk King to look into Zhao Hai, so naturally the Hawk King would know.

Since the Hawk King found out before hand, therefore he knew that Zhao Hai’s words were true. In the Human lands, Zhao Hai was like a living legend. Turning a fallen clan into one of the most powerful families in the Continent in just one short year wasn’t something that ordinary people could achieve.

The Hawk King asking Zhao Hai about his relationship with the Markey Family was just a decoy in order to probe Zhao Hai. In the Beastman Prairie, there were a lot of rumors about Zhao Hai. Majority of them were about how Zhao Hai treated the Beastmen with sincerity, something a friend would only do. The Hawk King just wanted to see if the rumors about Zhao Hai were indeed real.

And Zhao Hai’s reply didn’t disappoint him. He looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Why would mister regret it, you’re already here in our Golden Ringed Hawk Tribe. To be honest, compared to the Markey Family, I’d much better prefer doing business with mister.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I thank the Hawk King for your uplifting words. Today, I came to the Hawk King’s tribe because I have something to ask for the Hawk King’s help with.”

The Hawk King stared, he was curious, so he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister is the Beastman Race’s friend. Tell me your request, if I can offer help, then I would help.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he told the Hawk King about his plan off cooperating with the Hawk Race. This cooperation involves him providing the Hawk Race with Space Bags. But these Space Bags are to be used to store Milk Wine. Every five days, the Hawks would go to the various tribes and collect Milk Wine while carrying some money along the way. The Milk Wine can be exchanged with grain, gold, or Argali. If they wanted grain or gold, then they can exchange it on the spot. On the other hand, if they want Argali, they would have to pick them up at Beast God City.

After the Hawk King heard Zhao





Hai, he immediately knew that this cooperation would bring huge benefits to the Hawk Race. His eyes couldn’t help but light up as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Will Mister really give our Hawk Tribe some Space Bags? Are we going to need a large number of them?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s not really a lot, 20 Space Bags should be enough.” The reason why Zhao Hai was so sure of this was because when the Space levels up, the capacity of the Space Bags that it produces would get bigger. Right now, their capacity had already reached about a thousand cubic meters, give or take a few cubic meters.

When the Hawk King heard Zhao Hai, he was finally convinced. Zhao Hai really did want to give the Hawks some Space Bags in order to transport Milk Wine.

The Hawk King stood up and then laughed and said, “Alright, since Mister is confident enough, then I won’t say anything more. Mister can take a rest in the camp in the meantime. Tomorrow, I shall bring Mister to the main camp of the Hawk Race.”

Zhao Hai stood up as well and gave a bow to the Hawk King and said, “I give my thanks to the Hawk King.”

The Hawk King laughed and said, “Mister doesn’t need to thank me. Instead, it should be me who needs to express gratitude. This cooperation would surely bring big benefits to my Hawk Race.”

Zhao Hai didn’t dare accept it, but the Hawk King didn’t care. The Hawk King just laughed again and said, “Right, since Mister has come to visit my tribe, how could I not invite mister over for a drink. Come, come, let’s drink a cup.”

When he knew that Zhao Hai was coming, the Hawk King immediately had people prepare. And now that their discussions were finished, it was time for food and drinks.

The night went by without any disturbances and the next morning, the Hawk King sent someone to look for Zhao Hai. After the Hawk King and Zhao Hai had their breakfast, the Hawk King immediately told Zhao Hai that they’d be heading towards the Hawk Race’s main camp.

Zhao Hai would certainly not decline. But the Hawk King also informed Zhao Hai that in order to go to the Hawk Race’s main camp, riding a Hawk would be a much better option. Therefore, Zhao Hai immediately called over his Blood Hawks.

When the Golden





Golden Ringed Hawk King saw how beautiful Zhao Hai’s Blood Haw was, his eyes couldn’t help but express his envy. He had heard that the Humans were now starting to develop their Air Force, moreover, the Magic Beast used for the Air Force was provided by Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai, Shun, and Shue rode their Blood Hawks and followed behind the Hawk King and his 1000 Golden Ringed Hawk Knights. After they left the Golden Ringed Hawk’s camp, they immediately went straight for the Hawk King Mountain.

This Hawk King Mountain was actually a boundary mountain. The south side of this mountain was the Beastman Prairie while at its north was the Northern Ice Fields. The Northern Ice Fields were also one of the continent’s great regions. There was almost nobody who entered deep into the Ice Fields who managed to return. Even if it was the Ice Hawks, the Great TIgers, the Polar Bears, and the other Royal Tribes, nobody would dare venture too deep into the Ice Field. Otherwise, they would have no other way out.

At the same time, the Hawk King Mountain was also the highest mountain in the Prairie. It was most commonly known to the Beastmen as the Divine Mountain. It was because the mountain’s position allowed it to keep the Northern Winds away. If the Northern Ice Field Winds were to reach the Prairie, then the Prairie would definitely turn into a huge snowy plain.

Zhao Hai and the others flew in the sky for a good three days before they saw a faint image of the Hawk King mountain in the distance. With how high the mountain was, one would even think that it was connected to the sky.

The top of the mountain was azure white, very beautiful. These three days of flight also showed Zhao Hai the tenacity of the Beastmen. The Hawks ate their meals while flying and did so for three days without even going to sleep.

To be honest, flying in the sky wasn’t a very fun activity. Perhaps it might feel good in the beginning, but as time goes by, you would begin to be tired of it. Not only because of the cold air, but the buffeting of the wind was something very uncomfortable as well.

Zhao Hai thought that the Hawks wouldn’t be able to fly long distances like from what he heard. But this flight completely broke his misconception. The Hawks clearly chose to fly





to fly short distances and low altitudes in order to fool the Humans.

The Beastmen Race were known to be tough and strong, they can endure even the most rigorous tasks. This time, Zhao Hai was asked to follow the Hawks, so he couldn’t decline. However, when things go bad, he would just go to the Space when nobody’s looking for him.

So in three days, Zhao Hai and the others finally arrived at Hawk King Mountain. When he was close to his destination, Zhao Hai came out of the Space, the Golden Ringed Hawks should be looking for him right now.

After coming out of the Space, Zhao Hai immediately placed some Wind Magic on to his body as well as Shue’s and Shun’s, making it possible for the harsh winds to evade them.

Just after doing that, the Hawk King arrived at Zhao Hai’s side. The Hawks had special leather equipment, a tight leather jacket as well as special gloves on their hands. This way, they wouldn’t be affected by the cold harsh winds.

When the Hawk King saw Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but feel envious. It was really a pity that the Beastmen were unable to use Magic.

Hawks have the ability to speak in the air, so the Hawk King turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, in a while, a guard of the Ice Hawk King would be coming to meet use. Don’t go anywhere they else until they arrive.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, the Hawk King can rest assured, I definitely won’t make any careless actions.” The Hawk King nodded, and then before long, a shadow came from the mountain and slowly flew towards them.

It didn’t take a long time before the shadow appeared in front of Zhao Hai. The mounts that these people were riding on were bluish hawks. They were much slimmer than the Blood Hawks, but they appeared much more alive. The Beastmen that were riding on them looked just like the Golden Ringed Hawks but their head feathers were blue in color.

These blue Hawks surrounded the Golden Ringed Hawks and escorted them into the Hawk King Mountain.

They didn’t go to the mountain’s summit, it was too high and too cold. Their destination was instead somewhere along the middle of the Hawk King Mountain. The mountain’s halfway point had big trees growing in them. The trees were so tall it seemed like they were piercing the skies,

piercing the skies, like swords stabbed on the ground. Most importantly, these trees were very thick, with most of them having a diameter of over 20 meters.

Some houses can be seen on these trees. The houses were constructed in a hole carved into the tree. Zhao Hai can even see a couple of Ice Hawks moving in and out of these houses.

After flying over the trees, Zhao Hai can see a large canyon. The canyon was very wide and it seems like it’s ground was covered in grass. On the walls of the canyon, caves were carved out. The people who lived here were Ice Hawks as well.

However this canyon wasn’t Zhao Hai’s destination. After flying over the canyon, Zhao Hai can spot a very enormous cavern halfway up the mountain. It’s entrance was similarly large, about a hundred meters tall and 60 meters wide. The Hawks then flew towards this cavern along with Zhao Hai and the others.

Zhao Hai discovered that although there were Hawks flying in and out of the entrance, their flight was also very orderly. The left side of the entrance was for entering while the right side was for leaving. This arrangement made the entrance quite organized.

As the group entered the cavern, Zhao Hai came to understand how large this hole in the mountain was. And even if it was 10 degrees inside, there weren’t any winds at all.

Inside the cavern were smaller caves where the Ice Hawk King’s family lived in. In the middle of the cavern, there was a square, and in the middle of the square there was actually a very big pool.

The group slowly descended to that square along with Zhao Hai’s group. When Zhao Hai came down from his Blood Hawk, he pretended to move his hands an feet as he carefully looked around the cavern.

The hole in the cavern was very much like the underground city that the Dwarves had built under Iron Mountain. But compared to Iron Mountain, this cavern was much bigger. Moreover, there weren’t any stairs that can be seen. Anyone who wanted to move anywhere needed to ride a hawk, it was a very unusual sight.

After Zhao Hai got down, the Golden Ringed Hawk King welcomed him to the place as he smiled and said, “Mister Zhao Hai had to endure the hardship. This matter is really too important for our race, I ask Mister for his forgiveness.”





* * *


  












Chapter 558 – Price

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Hawk King is too polite. In fact, I want to thank you. I really am quite anxious about this matter. Haha.”

The Hawk King smiled and said, “This is the Ice Hawk King’s place, this is where he lives and does his work. I don’t know if Mister Zhao Hai has noticed, but the royal tribes of the Beastman Warring Races are all situated in the vicinity of the Northern Ice Fields. Legend has told us that the Northern Ice Fields contain formidable Magic Beasts that can cause a calamity to the Prairie. This was the reason why the Royal Tribes decided to move here, it was in order to protect the entire Beastman Race.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he had developed a habit to not disregard the legends of the Ark Continent. It was because these legends have high probabilities of being true, quite unlike the legends back on Earth.

At this time, an Ice Hawk arrived in front of them. The Ice Hawk issued a salute and then said, “Golden Ringed Hawk King, Mister Zhao Hai, the Hawk King invites you in.”

Zhao Hai and the Golden Ringed Hawk King immediately complied, they rode their mounts and then followed behind the Ice Hawk. The space inside was truly high, even if they had already flown 500 meters, they were still heading up.

In the uppermost lever, Zhao Hai and the others stopped in front of the sole cave entrance present. The cave’s entrance was about 10 meters high, and had a platform protruding out from it. The platform was about 30 square meters. Zhao Hai and the others landed their mounts on this platform.

This time, only three people had come here. When the three of them came down from their mounts, the hawk mounts immediately left. Then the Ice Hawk escorted Zhao Hai and the Golden Ringed Hawk King inside the cave.

After entering the cave, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at the scene. Inside the cave were a lot of ignited braziers, completely illuminating the entire cave.

In this cave, an Ice Hawk can be seen sitting on the innermost part, reading a sheepskin scroll among the numerous scrolls around him.

However, this Ice Hawk didn’t actually process these documents, he was just simply looking through them. This Ice Hawk didn’t have much of a difference compared to the others of his race. He even looked thin, thinner than the common Ice Hawk. He had a golden crown on his head, sitting there as he turned his pair of cold hawk eyes towards Zhao Hai and the others. His mere gaze made Zhao Hai feel like the surrounding air just dropped a couple of degrees.

Zhao Hai didn’t know, but this was actually an innate ability of the Ice Hawk Tribe. Once this ability was in full use, it would send forth a beam that can freeze anything in its way. It’s intensity was just like an attack from a 5th rank mage, and it was quite difficult to deal with.

The Golden Ringed Hawk King immediately issued a salute and said, “Golden Ringed Hawk King has see the Ice Hawk King. This is





Mister Zhao Hai, mister wants to cooperate with our Hawk Race regarding his Milk Wine business. Therefore, I led him here to see you.”

The Ice Hawk King nodded and said, “Right, I have heard about Mister Zhao Hai but this is my first time meeting mister, please have a seat.” Although his gaze was very cold, his expression was actually quite temperate.

Zhao Hai immediately responded courteously, “I thank the Hawk King.” Then he sat on a chair after the Golden Ringed Hawk King.

After sitting down, the Ice Hawk King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “The Beast King has sent word out about mister’s Milk Wine business. Before everything, this King here wants mister to accept my gratitude in behalf of the entire Beastman Race.”

Zhao Hai replied, “I don’t dare. This business also makes me money. Haha. This time, I wanted to see the Hawk King because I need help from the Hawk Race.”

The Hawk King looked at Zhao Hai and smiled faintly, “Mister can say it freely. As long as we can be of help, then I wouldn’t decline immediately. For the sake of the Beastman Race, I shall provide mister with a helping hand.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ll thank the Hawk King in advance.” Then he told the Ice Hawk King about the details of his intended cooperation with the Hawk Race.

The Ice Hawk King silently listened to Zhao Hai’s words. After Zhao Hai spoke, the Hawk King nodded and then smiled towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this is basically giving money to my Hawk Race. So how can we just push this opportunity away? Rest assured, with how broad our tribes are placed in the Prairie, information about mister’s Milk Wine business would be delivered much more quickly. Mister cooperating with us is indeed something good. I agree, tomorrow I’ll write a letter informing all of the Hawk Tribes, mister can rest assured.”

Zhao Hai didn’t expect the discussion would go this smoothly. He stared for a moment before he hastily stood up and bowed to the Hawk King and said, “This Zhao Hai thanks the Hawk King. But does the Hawk King also want to help me collect the Milk Wine?”

Zhao Hai knew how arrogant Royals were, so he was afraid that it would be impossible for them to help him collect Milk Wine. If the Hawk King was not willing to cooperate, then the Milk Wine business would have problems.

The Hawk King looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Of course, mister doesn’t even need to ask.”

Zhao Hai became happy, then he immediately said, “That’s great. I’ll have to ask the Hawk Race to receive the Milk Wine in a radius of three thousand li in a single Space Bag. For the price, one jin of Milk Wine would be traded with five jin of grain. What does the Hawk King think about this price?”

The Hawk King thought for a moment and then nodded, “This price is quite high.”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “The Hawk King can receive the Milk Wine from the other races with the previously stated price. And once the Hawk Race delivers the Milk Wine to





to Beast God City, I would exchange them for five and a fifth of a jin of grain for each jin of Milk Wine. These extra fifth of a jin can be said to be the transportation costs for the Hawk Race. What does the Hawk King think about this?”[1]

The Hawk King stared before his two eyes lit up. He knew that this 22 liang cannot be underestimated. Once added up, this amount was very big. Keep in mind, those small Beastman tribe can also produce a lot of milk wine annually. A single Beastman household would be able to provide 100 jin of Milk Wine monthly. And when those 100 jin of Milk Wine were traded for 500 jin of grain, the Hawk Clan would get a commission of 20 jins. Now how many Beastmen household are there? And in the end, how much grain can the Hawk Clan gain? With this arrangement, the Hawk Clan wouldn’t even need to buy food for themselves in the future.

After thinking about it, the Hawk King still didn’t immediately agree, he knit his brows and said, “Mister, in truth, this price is too high. It might be disadvantageous to Mister. If mister owes us, then it wouldn’t be good for the entire Beastman Race. From what I can see, Mister can set the price at one jin of Milk Wine per three jins of grain. And then our Hawk Clan would get about a tenth or so jin of grain as commission.”

Zhao Hai was shocked, he didn’t see someone like this before, lowering his benefits in order to decrease pressure. However, once he thought about the Hawk King’s words, Zhao Hai understood what he meant. The Hawk King was afraid of Zhao Hai owing the Beastmen and making him stop his Milk Wine business, causing the Beastmen to lose out on the long run. Also, the price that the Hawk King quoted was somewhat of a fair price for the Beastmen.

Zhao Hai knit his brows and then said, “Lower the price? How much jin of Milk Wine can the Beastman Race produce every month?”

The Hawk King smiled faintly and said, “Mister doesn’t need to worry. The average Beastman household would be able to produce not less than 50 jin of Milk Wine every month. This is already quite a large number.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he already expected these numbers. He had lived with the Beastmen before, so he knew that they cannot go without Milk Wine. But even if they produce more than 50 jin each month, they would also need to leave something behind for them to drink. They would only sell their excess off. If a household can sell 20 jin of Milk Wine each month, it would produce about one or two jins of Milk Wine after distillation. This is already acceptable.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then we’ll go with the Hawk King’s suggestion. I’ll have to trouble the Hawk King to spread the word tomorrow.”

The Hawk King smiled and said, “It’s not too much trouble, this is something good for the Beastmen. But mister, I’ll have to inform you that it would be impossible for the





for the households to sell 50 jins of Milk Wine. Even if we Beastmen can stand not being able to eat, we cannot survive if we don’t drink. So the only wine we would sell to Mister would be the excess. I hope mister has prepared his mind for this. Along with the news, I’ll also have the Hawks do some statistics in each tribe, getting data on how much Milk Wine each one can produce so that Mister can have a figure in mind. Is Mister alright with this?”

Zhao Hai smiled and gave the Hawk King a bow and said, “Zhao Hai thanks the Hawk King. This matter is truly very important for me.”

The Hawk King chuckled, then he helped Zhao Hai up and said, “Mister doesn’t need to be so polite. We’re now in a partnership, so we would do our best to help Mister. The higher income Mister gets, the higher cut we receive.” Zhao Hai smiled at the Hawk King’s words.

After a day of rest, the Beast King spread word to the Hawk Tribes in the Prairie. At the same time, he also divided the Prairie into 20 different regions. A Hawk Tribe would be responsible for receiving the Milk Wine in each region.

Upon completing all of these, Zhao Hai returned to Beast God City and waited for the news from the Hawk Race. It shouldn’t take too long for the Hawks to tell him how much Milk Wine the Beastman Prairie would produce each month.

And five days after Zhao Hai arrived at Beast God City, the Hawk King sent him the numbers. For the entire Beastman Race, they would be able to sell about 10 million jin. This number was much smaller than what Zhao Hai expected. But in the end, he understood. The Beastmen also had a lot of uses for their milk, aside from making Milk Wine. At the same time, they would also leave behind some milk wine for themselves, which explains the small amount they could sell each month.

Although the Beastmen lacked grain, because of their living environment, they became able to consume milk products while eating their food. After all, they cannot just use up all of their grain before the winter, or else, they wouldn’t be able to survive until spring.

But because of this, the Beastmen were very grateful towards Zhao Hai. They weren’t looking at Milk Wine as a main source of income, they just use the liquor as some sort of pocket money. It was like those people in the rural areas back on earth. If they have excess eggs from their chickens, then they would sell if off as extra change, if they don’t have a lot, then they would keep it for themselves to consume.

Even if it was pocket change, it still helped them out a lot. Plenty of Beastmen decided to not trade their Milk WIne with grain, but in daily necessities instead.

After knowing about this situation, Zhao Hai didn’t care. He wasn’t afraid of spending 30 million jin of grain. And he was also not worried about not selling the 1 million jin of milk wine to the Human lands.

After taking care

lands.

After taking care about the initial steps, Zhao Hai handed the matter over to Ah Tai. Ah Tai was just responsible for collecting the Milk Wine as well as giving out the payments. He didn’t have to do anything else, it was this simple.

When he saw that things had already been taken care of, Zhao Hai returned to Iron Mountain Fort. The winery in the Fort was already finished. The winery was divided into four districts; one was for Fruit Wine, one was for Rice Wine, one was for Beer, and the last one was for Milk Wine.

The machines for these districts were already installed as well. Some of them might be modern equipment, but the workers were already adept in using it.

Now, the Beastmen appeared to be understaffed. The earliest of Zhao Hai’s slaves were already sent out to manage the villages. Therefore, the ones left to man the brewery were only the Beastmen. Because of this, Zhao Hai asked the original slaves to help with the situation. And since the new slaves were already settled down and were working on their own fields, there happened to be some surplus manpower in the villages. Therefore, Zhao Hai had those people go to the winery and help, this would also aid the slave families earn a bit more income.

After this was taken care of, Zhao Hai also asked Green to start making the school for the children in the Black Wasteland. There were plenty of idle children right now, so Zhao Hai wanted all of them to be educated at school. Naturally, this was in the premise that they would be diligent in their studies.

When the matters in the Black Wasteland were done, Zhao Hai then returned to the Rosen Empire. He still needed to approach, Randolph, Charlie, Jesse, and the Shelley Family. He wanted them to prepare for the Milk Wine business.

The Milk Wine that Zhao Hai wanted to sell this time was the distilled Milk Wine of the Beastmen. Although it wasn’t as good as his Milk Wine, it’s flavor was still very tasty. Moreover, it also developed some kind of acidic taste to it. This acidic Milk Wine and Zhao Hai’s Milk Wine was different, one could definitely tell just from one sip. But it still gave a very unusual flavor, so Zhao Hai continued on to make this wine.

He also had Randolph and the others taste this new type of wine, and they agreed to sell it. Zhao Hai’s new wines weren’t priced very high, general commoners would be able to afford it. Therefore, their attraction towards Randolph and the others was quite big.

The grain in the continent was just sufficient for them to eat, moreover, they also needed to supply the Beastmen. Therefore, nobody was thinking about making wine out of grain. What people usually drank was Fruit Wine, but not all fruits can be made into liquor. This made wines quite rare in the Human lands, especially to the cash strapped commoners. If Zhao Hai’s cheap wine gets sold to these commoners, how much daily sales could Randolph and the others get? It would surely be an astronomical number.






* * *


  












Chapter 559 – Business Nuances

Some small merchants in the mainland always think that only expensive things can make the most money. But they didn’t know that, in fact, the most profitable things weren’t those expensive products, it was sometimes those things that people use in their livelihood. Those things were where true money can be found.

Although Zhao Hai’s liquor made from Beastmen Milk Wine tasted average, it wins in being cheap. And since its degree was very high, ordinary civilians would be afraid of it being consumed quickly when they take it back home. And since it was priced low, it would certainly be popular among the commoners.

Randolph and the others had their own business outlets, and these outlets mostly deal with people’s day to day lives. If the liquors were launched, then their business would surely get better.

The most profitable businesses always involved unique products. Although the Milk WIne wasn’t unique, it’s definitely so to the commoners.

Average civilians would also pick their own fruits and make it into wine. But the wine that they make had very low degrees and weren’t tasty at all. And most importantly, the commoners didn’t have the time to improve upon this craft.

Commoners were generally busying themselves in order to survive. If they go out of town and get some fruit, it would take them at least a day to do so. They would rather use this one day to make money. And if they were to get some fruits, they can just sell them immediately. Therefore, for the civilians, making Fruit Wine just wasn’t worth it.

Randolph and the others were much more experienced than Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai wanted to cooperate with the Beastmen about their Milk Wine, they had him temporarily stall it. After all, they still needed to do market research and determine whether the Milk Wine would sell well on the Human markets.

And after undergoing strict calculations, they decided that Milk Wine did have a place in the market. Therefore, they immediately agreed to Zhao Hai’s proposal.

At this time, the first batch of Milk Wine was being received in the Prairie. The Milk Wine were then sent to Iron Mountain Fort for processing. At the same time, the Hawk Race also brought forth news that for the Milk Wine, the Beastmen opted to not choose grain since they didn’t lack any of it. Instead, they wanted to be compensated with





living necessities.

Zhao Hai understood their decision, and he had already expected this outcome. Although he can’t make living necessities, Randolph and the others can. Zhao Hai would sell the Milk Wine to Randolph and the others while having some of the payment exchanged for cheap living necessities. Then, he would trade those daily necessities to the Beastmen for cheap Milk Wine. Zhao Hai didn’t do anything else other than be the middleman. But even so, he had gained huge profits in doing so.

With the advent of Zhao Hai’s Milk Wine business, the human continent immediately went into a stir. A cheap but still tasty liquor was something inconceivable. Although the commoners thought that the Milk Wine tasted weird, they still found it quite fragrant. Not only did it have the taste of wine, it also had a hint of milk in it. Even if people cannot drink much of it in the beginning, they began to get used to it afterwards.

At first, Zhao Hai placed a hundred thousand jin of this Milk Wine into the market. But it didn’t even take a single day for all of these to be sold out, the market’s reception of the product was very good. This fact made the confidence of Randolph and the others increase.

And at the same time, when Zhao Hai used daily necessities to trade with the Milk WIne, the entire Prairie immediately seethed in excitement. These things might not be precious, but for the Beastmen, their pocket change can finally be traded for something of value.

Brewing Milk Wine was too simple for the Beastmen, almost each household would even do it. But since these Milk Wine cannot be stored for a long time, a lot of them were thrown out every year. But now, the Beastmen didn’t need to worry about this anymore. As long as they sell these Milk Wine to Zhao Hai, their problem of excess would be solved. Not only would they stop wasting things, they could also trade for something that was very useful.

After this success, Zhao Hai’s Milk Wine production line, logistics network, as well as sales had finally been established and was operated very well.

It wasn’t only Zhao Hai who was happy, Randolph and the others were elated as well. After their shops sold the Milk Wine, it became evident that the performance of their shops had become much better than their competitors. For them, this





this was absolutely good news.

Zhao Hai’s clan was very happy as well. The biggest earners in this Milk Wine business was them. Not only because they were the processors, but also because of having the advantage of price differences.

Although the Beastmen and the Human had signed the fair price agreement, the price disparity between them was still very large. Zhao Hai would buy the daily necessities in factory prices and exchange them for cheap Milk Wine with the Beastmen. But since these daily necessities were bought at a higher price in the Prairie, the amount of money that Zhao Hai can gain along the way was very big.

Except for the losses during the distillation process, Zhao Hai was gaining profits everywhere else. At the same time, Zhao Hai also didn’t need to worry about transportation. Although he had the Hawks working with him, the Hawks were just treating it as a sideline job.

After the initial success, Zhao Hai went to the Herculean Bull Tribe and met with Wales. After all, when this matter gets done, he would be leaving for a faraway place.

When Zhao Hai came back from the Prairie, he didn’t immediately go to the Rosen Empire. Instead he went to the Purcell Duchy to see how Ruyen was doing. And she was doing very good. The shop that she opened in the Duchy was now expanding outwards. At the same time, Ruyen didn’t look at Zhao Hai in discomfort anymore, and was now smiling in front of him. It seems like she had found her own calling.

When Zhao Hai saw Ruyen’s state, he also felt relief. Ruyen already knew about the things discussed at Iron Mountain Fort. And since she now has an inseparable relationship with him, Zhao Hai slowly accepted Ruyen into his heart.

Zhao Hai wasn’t a person from the Ark Continent. People in the Ark Continent with statuses like Zhao Hai’s still held a woman’s chastity very seriously. But for an Earthling like Zhao Hai, he knew that the chances of finding a chaste woman at his age back on Earth was akin to the chance of winning the lottery.

Because of this, Zhao Hai really didn’t care about a woman’s past. Therefore, he wasn’t very concerned about Ruyen’s previous life. After all, past is past, everybody needs to move on.

Zhao Hai stayed with Ruyen for a day in the Purcell Duchy and learned about the business matters there. He





there. He also ate a meal with Ruyen, cultivating their relationship and then he told her that he was going to a far away place. After that, Zhao Hai returned to the Space.

Laura and the others didn’t mind Zhao Hai’s actions. Zhao Hai being with Ruyen was very different from Zhao Hai being with them. Laura and the others felt this difference, therefore they weren’t jealous.

After Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he took an evening rest before he returned to Iron Mountain Fort. The situation at the fort was very good. The slave villages were stable, and the slaves were enthusiastic about work. In order to make the slaves working at the wineries more comfortable, Zhao Hai set them up with an undead carriage for them to use to commute to work.

For the slaves living in the villages, their current lives in the Black Wasteland was like a paradise compared to the places that they used to live in the past.

Everything in Iron Mountain Fort was working properly. The new machines for the wineries have been figured out. And the slaves weren’t stupid, it didn’t take a long time for them to get started.

The machines that Zhao Hai took out this time should be very simple to operate. It was because the machines were relatively advanced. The more advanced a machine was, the easier it would be to operate. Most of the machines in the wineries only needed someone to turn them on, everything else would be processed accordingly.

What small physical work that the slaves did wasn’t tiresome as well. It wasn’t a difficult task for them to take barrels from one place to another.

Zhao Hai also knew that the slaves were relatively uneducated. If he were to make them carry out complicated work, they would certainly be incompetent in it.

Now that the Milk Wine business has been stabilized, Zhao Hai had Ah Tai build a tent specifically for the storage of the Space Bags. That way, Cai’er could regularly take those Space Bags and send them to Iron Mountain Fort. And then have the processed Milk Wines transported to each supply points.

Naturally, the entirety of this process, the shipping and receiving, wasn’t solely done by Cai’er. Cai’er would release Blood Hawks outside Beast God City and had them go to Ah Tai and take the Space Bags. Then the Hawks would re-enter the Space when they were out of sight. Iron Mountain

sight. Iron Mountain Fort doesnt need to be that troublesome, the bags can just be left inside s specific storehouse. But from Iron Mountain Fort towards the supply points, the Blood Hawks were needed again. All of these were deliberately done in order to mask the Space’s existence as much as possible.

This kind of method wasn’t something that people can easily predict. At most, people would find out that Zhao Hai had several Space Equipment in his hands. With Zhao Hai’s strength, there were only a few people who would dare snatch his Bags right now. After all, Zhao Hai had already turned his Clan into something that rivalled the influence of a millennium-old family. At his current state, nobody wanted to annoy him.

The reason Great Nobles were great was their businesses, thus it was an unspoken rule that nobody would use overly shady things in order to affect a family’s business. If one wanted to do shady things, then the affected Family would no doubt do their best to eliminate the person. This was the aggressiveness of Great Clans, and this was the aggressiveness of the Buda Clan as well.

After the the completing his tasks at Iron Mountain Fort, Zhao Hai returned to Golden Island. The island was now developing very well as more pirates traded here. However, don’t think that the existence of Golden Island made the seas more peaceful. Instead, the island actually made the surrounding waters quite chaotic.

It was publicly know that Golden Island was somewhere that people can dump their items in, whether they be fairly acquired or not. And for the pirates, this was good news. Because of this, pirates had become much more rampant in the seas near Golden Island.

However, these pirates didn’t dare cause any troubles inside the waters of the island. First, it was because the Buda Clan had already showed them what they could do. And second, it was because they didn’t want to destroy their relationship with the only place that they can do business safely.

Although some of these pirates had Great Clans at their back, but as they stay on sea for a long time, they would need money to sustain and entertain themselves. In the past, they didn’t have any opportunity to achieve this. But now that Golden Island appeared, it was natural that these pirates would want to behave in the island’s territory as much as possible.





* * *


  












Chapter 560 – Meeting Pirates

Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside his ship, the Haven. The sea breeze and the sight of birds on the horizon made him feel very good. Although the environment of the Space was much better compared to outside, Zhao Hai still felt that the outside world had a type of realistic feeling in it.

Laura and the others were also standing by Zhao Hai’s side. They were currently leaving Golden Island and was heading towards the Buddha Empire. Although the Lyon Empire was much closer to Rosen Empire than the Buddha Empire, Zhao Hai sill wanted to go to the Buddha Empire. Going to the Dwarf Mountains was much more important than visiting the Lyon Empire.

Actually, because of the enormity of the Dwarf Mountains, it wasn’t entirely located in the Buddha Empire, a small part of it was also in the Lyon Empire. However, the Dwarves had a much better relationship with the Buddha Empire. And with the strength of the Dwarves managing to rival the Beastmen, the Lyon Empire wouldn’t dare to attack them even if their empire was the second strongest nation in the continent.

But although the Lyon Empire wasn’t quite close with the Dwarves. They still had something that they can count on, the Accra Mountain!

The Accra Mountain was famous in the continent. The main reason of the Mountain’s fame was because it was one of the five forbidden areas of the Continent.

The Five Forbidden Lands in the continent were namely the Carrion Swamp, Accra Mountain, North Polar Icefield, Inferno Island, and the Demonic Abyss! These five places had their own special characteristics. For example, the Carrion Swamp was well known for its poisonous mist as well as its Undead creatures. It was a place that nobody can leave once they enter.

The characteristic of the North Polar Icefield was its freezing cold atmosphere. When one goes then, their metal weapons would be frozen until it gets brittle like glass. Even the strong Beastmen only dared to explore it’s vicinity.

Inferno Island is the exact opposite of the North Polar Icefield. It was a world of fire. Fire spirits and beasts of Fire attributes prevailed there. Only a few would want to think about going to that island.

The Demonic Abyss was the most mysterious place in the continent. Legend says that it was





the gateway to the Demon Realm. In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t believe it, but after seeing Cai’er strength, he was finally convinced that Cai’er came from the Demon Realm.

But Accra Mountain was very different from the other four, it was actually the most favorite place of adventurers. It was because the Mountain is a kingdom of Magic Beasts. There were a large number of Magic Beasts living inside the Mountain and people can catch some of them in order to make money. However, they cannot go deep. Accra Mountain was, after all, still one of the forbidden lands, once one goes very deep, they wouldn’t be able to come out. This rule didn’t exempt 9th rank experts.

Accra Mountain was the natural border between the Rosen Empire and the Lyon Empire. But the majority of the mountain was inside the Lyon Empire, only a small part belonged to the Rosen Empire.

Because of this, the Lyon Empire held the most elite Magic Beast cavalry. This cavalry was all made up of Magic Beasts obtained in Accra Mountain. Although they had been trained by the Humans, they still had the wildness in them, making their attacks very strong. This made the empire’s cavalry quite fearsome in the continent.



But Zhao Hai didn’t want to go to the Magic Beast Kingdom right now. Although there were a lot of Magic Beasts there, it was just too dangerous. And even if he wasn’t afraid of danger, business was much more important to him right now. He wants the Buda Clan to be stronger as soon as possible, so he didn’t want to upgrade the Space yet. But with that said, although one can easily catch Magic Beasts in Accra Mountain, the high-level ones were still quite rare. So in the end, Zhao Hao chose to go to Dwarf Mountain first.



And if he went to the Dwarf Mountain, there would be a chance for him to visit the Elven Forest. Although it feels like going to the Magic Beast kingdom was a much better idea, but don’t forget that Zhao Hai would meet two intelligent races instead of none. If he wanted to expand the Buda Clan’s business, this was definitely a good idea.



After Zhao Hai thought about these matters for quite some time, Laura suddenly said, “Brother Hai, do you expect our visit





visit to the Dwarves to be smooth?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It should be smooth. After all, the Dwarves and the Humans had more contact compared to the beastmen. Moreover, conflicts rarely happen between the two, so there shouldn’t be any big problems.”

Laura nodded and said, “The Dwarves are famous metalworkers in the continent. If we can get some of their products and trade it with the Beastmen, we would certainly be able to get some good things. The Beastmen crave iron the most.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also heard that the temper of the Dwarves are much worse than the Beastmen. And they also love to drink. I think our wine would be able to impress them.”

Laura nodded and said, “I hope so. I also think that we would have problems this time. At our current strength, there would be nobody who would pose a danger to us. Even the pirates wouldn’t offend us.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Pirates wouldn’t even think about robbing us when they see a Buda Clan ship. And with the addition of the Markey Family, even the Aksu Empire wouldn’t be able to move against us. And as for the Radiant Church, they are now too busy protecting themselves, so they wouldn’t have any time to think about us. I think that besides the mysterious Engraved Ark, nobody can deal with us.”

Megan smiled and said, “That would be best. I just want to play well. To be honest, the Space is good, but after a long time, it becomes stale. It’s good to relax outside from time to time.”

Laura said, “But there isn’t a lot to look at in the sea. It wouldn’t be a long time before you get bored of it. The scenery just remains unchanged.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “But you can see other people here, other ships. In the Space, there are no other people besides us. And also maybe some flocks of animals.”

After he said that, the sounds of Magic Cannons being fired was suddenly heard. Zhao Hai and the others gawked, they knew that there was fight nearby. Zhao Hai immediately opened the monitor to see what was going on. What he saw was a pirate ship and another ship, naturally a robbery was going on. But it was not Zhao Hai’s ship that was being robbed, but





robbed, but a five-masted ship instead.

Zhao Hai looked at the ship’s flag and wasn’t able to recognize it. So he turned his head to Laura and said, “Do you know who that flag belongs to?”

Laura stared at it for a moment before she nodded and said, “I do, it belongs to the Buddha Empire’s Hurricane Family. That Family’s status in the Buddha Empire is very high. In the past, they were also being suppressed by the Radiant Church because they weren’t firm believers in the religion. The family had a peculiar characteristic, it doesn’t matter if they were man or woman, as long as one had any blood relation to the family, they would have a huge probability to have the affinity to the Wind Element. No matter it be Battle Qi or Magic, their attributes would be Wind. They are very famous in the continent because of this affinity. And because of this characteristic, they only worship the WInd God. In the Buddha Empire, they are also classified to be a millennium-old Family, quite similar to the status of Megan’s family. But why did the pirates dare attack them?”

Zhao Hai looked at the ships and smiled faintly, “I have to say, these pirates are indeed rich. Who would’ve thought that five-masted ships would be part of a pirate fleet. This is the really the first time that I’ve seen such a thing. If all the Pirates had these kinds of ships, then I’m afraid that our Buda Clan’s restriction would be put to trash.”

Laura and the others also noticed what Zhao Hai was referring to. The ships of the pirates that were attacking the Hurricane Family turned out to be Advanced ships of the continent. Not to mention pirates, but even Great Nobles cannot just casually have those kinds of ships.

Lizzy’s eyes turned sharp, “Is someone trying to kill them? Big Sister, who are the enemies of the Hurricane Family?”

The Big Sister that Lizzy meant was Laura. Although Meg was the one who spent the longest time with Zhao Hai, it was Laura who had helped him the most. And adding on to the fact that Laura was the oldest one of them, it was acceptable for the women to call her Big Sister.



Laura shook her head and said, “Although the Hurricane Family has formidable strength, their temper is

their temper is very good, and they don’t like to offend people. Most importantly, they really don’t strive for power and money. In addition to them being very loyal to their faith, the family members are very good-hearted people. So how could these possibly offend someone? Besides the Radiant Church, the Hurricane Family is friends with everyone. When the Radiant Church suppressed them, a lot of people went out of their way just to provide help. I can dare to say that the most friendly people in the continent would be their family.”

While Zhao Hai was listening to Laura, he had felt confused, “Laura, how did you get this information? Why was it so detailed?”

Laura smiled and said, “Brother Hai, you don’t know? Our Markey Family has collected information regarding the various families in the continent. The history and emblems of the families were written in great detail. At the same time, we also have the Robert Family’s archives that had more or less the same content.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “I really didn’t know which family was who, their emblems and so on. Remembering these things gives me headache. It’s nice that you remembered them. Right, do we have a good relationship with the Hurricane Family?”

Laura shook her head and said, “Most likely not. The Hurricane Family rarely does business. They basically get what they need from their territory. Because of this, business with them was very rare, so we don’t have much contact with them.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then this is the right time, let’s go draw them in to be our friends. Right, Laura, can you recognize where the ships came from?” Naturally Zhao Hai wasn’t referring to the Hurricane Family’s ships, but instead to the Pirate ships.

Although the ships in the continent looked very much the same, a fairly discerning person would be able to see some slight differences on these ships. Each country had their own flair when it came to their shipbuilding that experienced people could distinguish.

Laura carefully looked at the several Pirate ships, and after some time she opened her mouth and said, “From the shape of the ship, it’s probably from the Buddha Empire. But its color very much belongs to the Ocean Waves Dynasty. I really cannot be sure.”

Zhao Hai’s eyes flashed, “Ocean Waves Dynasty? Them again?”





* * *


  












Chapter 561 – Kristen?

Laura asked, “Brother Hai? When did the Ocean Waves Dynasty offend us? How come I can’t remember?”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “Did you forget? When we chased Grand Duke Lionheart, wasn’t the ship that was supposed to save him came from the Ocean Waves Dynasty? The ship may have been snatched by the Church or maybe borrowed. But still, the matter wasn’t that simple.”

When Lizzy heard Zhao Hai, her face sank down as she said, “So it’s the Radiant Church. Is there a collusion between the Church and Ocean Waves Dynasty?”

Zhao Hai sneered and said, “That is not impossible. The Radiant Church had just suffered a huge loss and had to let go of their grasp of the Aksu Empire. And naturally, they wouldn’t show all of the cards that they had. I think that the Ocean Waves Empire have already been colluding with them from the start. If the Radiant Church’s plan in the Aksu Empire succeeded, then the church would be controlling the northernmost and southernmost nations in the Human domain. If they gain enough strength, they would launch a war against all of the nations in the middle, attacking them from two fronts. With that method, it would be possible for them to unity the entire Human territory.”

Lizzy and the others couldn’t help but stare in confusion, Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “How could they have such a huge courage? And how could that be possible? Not to say the Rosen Empire, but the Buddha Empire and the Lyon Empire aren’t very easy to deal with either.”

Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sneer, “Not easy to deal with? Remember, where was the first place that I had an initial clash with Lionheart? It was in the boundary between the Rosen Empire and Aksu Empire. The garrison guarding the fort there are all people of Grand Duke Lionheart. If all of their plans went by smoothly, when the Aksu Empire launches its attack, those defenders would not only refrain from fighting, they might even surrender at the very first sight of the enemy. This would make the Rosen Empire’s strongest barrier vanish. I think that the Radiant Church also had the same arrangement in Lyon Empire and the Buddha Empire. The ambition of those people are too big.”

Laura and the others thought about it and couldn’t help but get what Zhao Hai was saying. If what Zhao Hai said was true, then the ambition of the Radiant Church was truly too great.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai, puzzled, and then asked, “Brother Hai, how did you think of these?”

Zhao Hai chuckled and said, “I just thought about this since I’ve always felt that the Radiant Church aren’t careless people. But their recent approach in Aksu Empire was simply too simple and crude. But now that I had seen these ships, everything connected in my mind.”

Laura then turned





his gaze towards the monitor and said, “Then why are they dealing with the Hurricane Family? Isn’t this act too unreasonable?”

Zhao Hai laughed out loud, “Why? The Radiant Church is now being suppressed by everyone. But if they already have some relationship with the Ocean Waves Dynasty, then they can utilize that nation’s strength. Moreover, they are now working in the dark, making it much more difficult to deal with them. And it seems like they had changed their approach. Instead of enticing Nobles into their religion, they were now going after the Nobles that were in opposition to their belief, Nobles who they have enmity with. Now think about this, compared to the Buda Clan and the Calci Family, isn’t the Hurricane Family much easier to eliminate?”

Laura and the others nodded to Zhao Hai’s words. They think that what Zhao Hai said was right. Although the Hurricane Family was also a millennium-old clan, their reputation wasn’t very widespread because of the temperament. If one based it on influence, they can’t compare to the Buda Clan and the Calci Family.

Moreover, the Calci Family and the Buda Clan’s fighting with the Radiant Church was already quite known to the Continent. If the Radiant Church deals with either the Buda Clan or the Calci Family at this time, then the people of the continent would surely know that it was the church who had done it.

But if they deal with the Hurricane Family, nobody would be certain that it was them. The fight between the Radiant Church and the Hurricane Family was very muted to the other people in the continent. Therefore, if the Radiant Church were to move against the Hurricane Family, it wouldn’t bring too much attention to the continent. And since the Church would make sure that nobody survives, nobody would know that it was done by them. These must be the thoughts of the people in the Church.

Naturally, all of these were just Zhao Hai’s guesses, they still needed to be confirmed. Therefore, Zhao Hai had the Haven approach the battlefield as soon as possible. They must save the people of the Hurricane Family. At the same time, they would deal with the attackers from the Ocean Waves Dynasty and turn them into undead, haring the truth from their very mouths.

The Haven has now been very well modified, it’s speed has become quicker while its defensive strength had increased. After all, this was Zhao Hai’s flagship, and he was the Buda Clan’s patriarch, his status was much more different from before. So if he uses any ordinary battleship, he would become a laughing stock among the people.

In a few short minutes, Zhao Hai was finally close to the battle. There were a total of seven ships present. Six five-master battleships and one ironclad freighter. For six battleships to attack a single freighter, it seems like they aren’t giving the freighter any chance to survive.

The six





six battleships were surrounding the freighter and was blasting if continuously with Magic Cannons. There seems to be Mages on the ships, and from time to time, they would send some spells towards the other ship. The colorful magical attacks made the scene look like a huge fireworks event, very beautiful. However, this beauty represented death! The seven ships weren’t close to each other. It seems like the six assailants weren’t willing confront the freighter in close combat. They wanted to use magic to completely destroy the ship. This tactic was also the best way to eliminate a target at sea.

Zhao Hai didn’t think about it too much as he made the Haven go straight to the battleships. When the six battlefields became aware of Zhao Hai’s presence, two of them detached from the group and approached him.

The three ships were quickly getting close with each other. And when they were near, a voice was suddenly heard, “The ship over there, listen. We are the Hurricane Family’s pirate group. If you don’t go the other way, then we would be forced to be impolite.”

Upon hearing this statement, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Funny, this is too funny. It’s the first time I’ve heard such a joke. For a Hurricane Family pirate group to attack a Hurricane family freighter, Hahahaha, this must be the most hilarious thing that has happened in the continent. Listen, know your limitations and get the hell out of this place. Otherwise, I would be the one who will be impolite.”

The other party wasn’t expecting Zhao Hai to be aware of the Hurricane Family’s identity. They were now in a disadvantage, keeping up this facade had now become much more difficult.

While the two people exchanged words, their ships were still getting closer with each other. And as Zhao Hai’s ship was about to be attacked by the other ships’ cannons, Zhao Hai immediately released a lot of undead on board those ships.

The people on the battleships didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be able to release undead at such a distance, and they were completely caught unprepared. Additionally, Zhao Hai’s undead were very strong. Because of this, what happened in the battleships after can only be described as a massacre. Before the people on the two ships were able to react, they were already slain by the undead.

The people on the other four battleships weren’t aware of this. In their minds, although the three ships were not far from each other, close combat would still be impossible. At this distance, the only suitable way for engagement would be long distance attacks.

After eliminating the people from the two ships, Zhao Hai immediately turned them into undead. After that, the immediately had the two ships open fire towards the Haven.

Naturally, this attack was under the control of Zhao Hai. He wanted to have the others think that they were still fighting. This would deceive the





deceive the other four battleships into thinking that the two ships were still on their side, naively allowing Zhao Hai’s new feet to enter their encirclement

As the three ships slowly approached the battlefield, the other four battleships didn’t feel anything wrong. And after Zhao Hai entered their circle, he immediately released massive amounts of undead onboard the other four battleships.

The fate of the four ships couldn’t compare to the first two ships. They didn’t even expect Zhao Hai’s attacks. A lot of them wasn’t even aware that they were already dead.

Immediately, the four ships stopped firing. This made the people on the Hurricane Family freighter feel somewhat strange. And while they were confused, they suddenly heard a voice from the ship that just arrived, “Friends from the Hurricane Family, hello. No need to fear, I’ve already taken care of the enemy. May I come on board?”

The people of the Hurricane Family stared, although they didn’t know the other party, they were still confident about their combat effectiveness. Therefore, their leader said, “i don’t know who friend is, but we shall welcome you to our ship.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then had the Haven slowly approach. Then he had a springboard extended to reach the Hurricane Family’s ship. After that, Zhao Hai led Laura and the others to board the ship.

The Hurricane Family’s ship was very damaged. There were also a lot of injured crew onboard, waiting to be treated. Zhao Hai smiled and then waved his hand as a bunch of Light Magic flew out and landed on the wounded, effectively curing their wounds at an observable rate.

At this time, the party that was preparing to welcome him stopped. Their face turned ugly as they looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I Mister from the Radiant Church?”

Zhao Hai turned his head to the one who spoke, this person was quite beautiful, she had brown hair and light green eyes, a fairly sharp face and snow white teeth. Although she might not be very beautiful, one could feel a very attracting aura while looking at her.

But when Zhao Hai looked closely at this person, he couldn’t help but be surprised. He was very familiar with this face, this face belonged to none other than Kristen Stewart, an actress quite known for her role in a movie called “Twilight”.[1]

One must say, that among the actresses, Kristen wasn’t the most beautiful one. She just has a very attractive aura in her. Quiet? Smart? Elegant? These words might not fit someone like her.

Because Zhao Hai quite liked the movie, he was able to recognize her face at a single glance. This girl looked very much like Kirsten.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but deeply sigh, his luck was truly fantastic. First was Taylor, then Megan, then Keeley, and now there was Kristen. The heavens were really looking after him. Being able to meet these people back on earth wasn’t an easy thing.

However, Zhao Hai had

Zhao Hai had detected some vigilance in the woman’s expression, so he immediately answered, “Sister might have misunderstood, but I’m not a person from the Radiant Church. Hasn’t sister seen my ship’s flag?”

The she heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but turn her head towards the Haven’s main mast and seeing the Wild Dragon Flag fluttering freely above the blood soaked sea.

When she noticed the flag, she couldn’t help but gawk. Her brain seemed to stop for a short moment. She seem to have seen this flag before, but she just couldn’t remember when, or even where.

At this time, she overheard a person’s voice exclaiming, “Heavens, is that the Buda Clan’s WIld Dragon Flag? Are you from the Buda Clan?”

Upon hearing the person, the girl couldn’t help but look at Zhao Hai in confusion as she asked, “You’re from the Buda Clan? But how can you use Light Magic?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Who says my Buda Clan can’t use Light Magic? Let me introduce myself, my name is Zhao Hai Buda, the current Patriarch of the Buda Clan.”

The girl stared at Zhao Hai, seemingly forgetting her courtesy. This wasn’t surprising since Zhao Hai was a well-know Dark Mage in the continent. Seeing a Dark Mage using Light Magic was even more surprising than seeing a tree planting itself.

Zhao Hai didn’t comment of the girl’s expression, instead, he beckoned towards Laura and the others and said, “These are my wives, Laura, Meg, Megan, Lizzy, and Ni’er.”

Seeing Laura and the others giving her a salute, the girl finally responded, with her face red in embarrassment she performed her own salute and said, “Kristen Hurricane has seen Patriarch Zhao Hai as well as the madames.”

After both sides exchanged greetings, Kristen then turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Patriarch Zhao Hai, I must express my greatest gratitude to you. If not for you, then we might have fallen to the other party’s attack. These pirates are really too hateful.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Sister Kristen doesn’t need to mind it too much. I just gave a small helping hand. Now that those battleships are under my control, Sister doesn’t need to worry about it anymore.”

Although Kristen didn’t know how Zhao Hai was able to control those battleships, she didn’t dare to ask him how. She knew that if Zhao Hai wanted it to be known, then he would tell her eventually.

Kristen then gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, “No matter what, I’d like to thank Mister. Mister, please come sit with me in the cabin.” She said that as she gestured her arm as an invitation.

Zhao Hai didn’t become polite, he accepted the invitation and led Laura and the others to walk with Kristen towards the cabin.

The ship’s cabin wasn’t very big, only about the size of a normal living room. After the group had sat, the room immediately became quite crowded.






* * *


  












Chapter 562 – Confirmation

A servant came in and served them something to drink. Because the battle didn’t take too long, and since the other party were using long-ranged weapons, the damage on the Hurricane Family’s freighter wasn’t very serious.

The group sat down as Kristen dictated the events before the attack. Although the Hurricane Family was constantly low-key and rarely did business, it was inevitable that they would have to trade some goods with the others. However, their trades weren’t on the scale as large as that of the other Great Clans.

For Great Clans to maintain their strength, they needed to have some form of sustaining that strength. Even if the Hurricane Family didn’t like to do business, it was unavoidable if they wanted to have their territory run normally. But because their family weren’t very good in it, they would just trade the minimum amount to maintain the normal operation of their territory.

This time, Kristen’s mission was to trade in Rosen Empire and then go back home. In Rosen Empire, they didn’t trade in Golden Island, but preferred Rising Water City instead. Their previous transactions were always done in Rising Water City. Even if Golden Island was on the Rise, the Hurricane Family didn’t seem to get attracted to it. They still continued their trade with Rising Water City all the same.

But when they were heading back, six five-masted battleships bearing pirate flags suddenly surrounded them. Although they had the means to fight back, their firepower just cannot compare to the other party. And adding on to the fact the the enemies had battleships while they only had a freighter, if Zhao Hai didn’t come, then they would surely be finished.

After Kristen finished talking, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We wanted to go visit the Buddha Empire, but we didn’t expect to encounter such a thing. But does sister Kristen feel strange? How could pirates get their hands on six five-masted battleships?”

Kristen’s personality was the same as that of the Hurricane Family, as long as you don’t offend her, then she would treat you kindly. But this didn’t





mean that the Hurricane Family were fools, on the contrary, they were quite smart people. They just placed this intellect in improving their magic and other things, but not for ambition. This was the general impression of the Continent towards the Hurricane Family.

When Kristen heard what Zhao Hai said, her eyes turned sharp for a moment before she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What does mister want to say? Please speak.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I suspect that the assailants weren’t pirates. Sister Kristen should know, most pirate groups in the seas have Great Clans supporting them. But with the Hurricane Family’s background, I believe that no pirate would want to attack you, moreover, pirates with great strength, am I right?”

Kristen nodded and said ,”That’s right. It’s just like mister said, our Hurricane Family has a lot of friends in the continent, and very few enemies.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said ,”What sister said is true. But even if you say there are few, that means that the Hurricane Family still had enemies. And did sister forget that you have one big enemy?’

Kristen stared, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Is mister thinking about the Radiant Church?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s very possible. How about this, I’ll go call some of those undead on the battleships and ask them. What do you think?”

Kristen seemed to not understand, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You mean, you have turned everyone on those ships into undead? Patriarch Zhao Hai, isn’t that bad?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Why would it be bad? I’ve turned hundreds of thousands of people in the Aksu Empire into undead. Why would I care about these few people?” He then stood up and walked outside.

Kristen looked at Zhao Hai’s back with eyes that showed loathing. The Hurricane Family were famously good-hearted people, therefore, they aren’t used to seeing Zhao Hai’s vicious and merciless actions.

However, she still followed Zhao Hai out of the cabin. This matter can affect the Hurricane Family’s future, she couldn’t just ignore it.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about





about it too much, he didn’t want to get in Kristen’s good graces anyway. The reason why he helped the Hurricane Family was because he wants the Radiant Church to have a harder time.

Outside the ship, Zhao Hai recited a few incantations before he waved his staff. Black gas started to appear from the staff and surrounded one battleship. When the gas disappeared, Kristen discovered that there were people standing on top of the ship’s deck.

Zhao Hai repeated the pattern and turned the people on the other battleships into Undead. Then he had the battleships approach the Hurricane Family’s freighter. Then some of the undead boarded the Hurricane Family’s ship.

Kristen had recognized some of these people from the time of the battle. Therefore, she didn’t suspect that Zhao Hai sent his undead to pretend.

After the undead boarded the ship, Zhao Hai immediately had them report who they were. The assailants weren’t pirates, but instead the navy of the Ocean Waves Dynasty. Ocean Waves Dynasty was the country most developed in the research of the Water element. Because of this, they had the most powerful Navy in continent.

However, even if these people were from the navy, they had nothing to do with the Radiant Church. They only thing that they knew was that they were ordered to attack, nothing more.

But Zhao Hai wasn’t worried, he asked these undead about which one of them was the commander of the six battleships. Zhao Hai was already used to the Radiant Church’s style, it was impossible for the church to not send someone over to monitor the operation.

It didn’t take too long before these people named someone. So Zhao Hai immediately called the person over and interrogated him. Sure enough, he identified himself to be part of the Radiant Church. Moreover, his level wasn’t low, he was a Priest. This time, he was ordered by the Radiant Church to deal with the Hurricane Family, however, he didn’t know of anything else.

But this information was enough. At the very least, Zhao Hai wanted to let Kristen know that the ones who wanted to deal with the





with the Hurricane Family were indeed the Radiant Church.

Zhao Hai had also confirmed his suspicions. The Radiant Church truly had control over the Ocean Waves Dynasty. Moreover, they had changed their methods into moving in secret.

After the interrogation, Zhao Hai made the undead return to the ships and had them leave. Then he returned to the cabin along with Kristen.

Kristen was frowning, she felt that this matter has gotten quite thorny. Although the Radiant Church has been suppressed, their foundation was still intact. Even if their presence has been reduced, there were still people who worshipped their faith. The monarch of the other countries didn’t really see them as a threat. Aside from the Rosen and Aksu Empires, nobody really went full on in eliminating the church. Some Churches were even still present, with Priests preaching in them albeit the much lesser numbers.

Therefore, even if the Radiant Church was now behaving, they were still very strong. Kristen wasn’t a fool, she had deduced from the testimonies of the undead that the Ocean Waves Dynasty and the Radiant Church certainly didn’t have a simple relationship. It seems to be like what Zhao Hai thought, the Radiant Church had become much more formidable now that they were in the shadows.

Zhao Hai looked at Kristen and smiled faintly, “Sister Kristen, I just want to take this matter to heart. And since the matter is finished, then we would be taking our leave. We still have an urgent matter to take care of in the Buddha Empire.”

Kristen gawked and immediately responded. She was lowering her head in deep thought that she wasn’t able to talk to Zhao Hai, which was something very disrespectful. When she thought about this, Kristen’s face couldn’t help but turn red. She hastily stood up and gave a bow to Zhao Hai and said, “I’ve been unfair to mister. I was suddenly too absorbed in my own thoughts, so I neglected you. I ask for mister’s forgiveness. But why would mister leave immediately? Mister had done a great deal of help to us, please stay behind and let us express our gratitude.”

Zhao

express our gratitude.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Sister is too polite. There’s no need to do that, to me, this is but a small effort. Moreover, I also obtained six battleships, this can be said to be my reward. I really do have something to do in Buddha Empire, so sister shouldn’t feel bad.”

Kristen quickly replied, “What does mister need in the Buddha Empire? My Hurricane Family has some sort of influence there, maybe we can help mister.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “i’m travelling to Buddha Empire because I want to go to the Dwarf Mountain and see if I can do business with the Dwarven Race.”

Kristen couldn’t help but frown when she heard Zhao hai. The Dwarf Mountain held a special status in the Buddha Empire. The Empire needed heavy armors and weapons from the Dwarves. However, they also didn’t want the Dwarves to be too strong. So just like the Beastmen, the Humans controlled the amount of trades that would be sent to the Mountain. However, the Dwarves weren’t fools, as long as they notice that they had been deceived, they would surely declare war against the Buddha Empire.

So because of this, the Buddha Empire merchants didn’t dare to trick the Dwarves. However, the Empire still thought of a method. They wouldn’t let the merchants of other countries to contact the Dwarves, ensuring that they would have full monopoly of the Dwarven market.

Since the Empire was restricting trade, only a few merchants were able to make trade with the Dwarves for long term. Even Great Nobles didn’t have the opportunity to dictate themselves. Therefore, it was natural for Kristen’s expression to turn ugly upon hearing Zhao Hai’s words.

When Zhao Hai saw Kristen’s expression, he asked, “Sister Kristen? Is there something wrong?”

Kristen didn’t hide the truth from Zhao Hai. In fact, this matter was already known by the top level powers in the continent, so there was no reason to keep it a secret.

After listening to Kristen, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly and said, “It doesn’t matter. If I can’t do it, then I don’t really care.”





* * *


  












Chapter 563 – Dwarven Ironware

Kristen frowned, and finally made up her mind, “Mister shouldn’t rush to leave. I ask you to go with me to our Hurricane Family. Maybe we can help you with your trade with the Dwarves.”

Zhao Hai looked at Kristen and smiled, “Alright, then I’ll have to bother sister. Right, my ship is very spacious, does sister want to get on board?”

Kristen shook her head and said, “I’ll have to decline mister’s invitation. We just passed through a big fight. I still have a lot of matter to take care of.” Zhao Hai nodded, and then returned with Laura and the others to their own ship.

After arriving at his ship, Zhao Hai ordered the six battleships to head towards Golden Island. At the same time, he also informed Kun about their arrival so that he can take them in.

After completing these, Zhao Hai and the others entered the Space. When they had settled down, Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, “It seems like going through the trouble of lending a hand was worth it. If the Hurricane Family would really help us in our matter with the Dwarves, then our travel would be much easier.”

Laura nodded and said, “That’s true, Buddha Empire is very strict regarding Dwarf Mountain. If someone of our status gets in touch with the dwarves, then it would definitely get their attention. Those Buddha Empire fellows seem to think that the Dwarves are their personal blacksmiths. If we directly go to the Dwarves, we might get into huge trouble.”

Zhao Hai frowned, “Do the Great Nobles of the continent really don’t have anything to say about this? How can they just let the Buddha Empire monopolize the Dwarf Race’s business?”

Laura smiled and said, “How could they not have an opinion? It’s just that even if the Dwarf business is very profitable, those families don’t want to offend the Buddha Empire. The Buddha Empire also has methods to deal with those who wanted to come in contact with the Dwarves. In fact, it is very simple, they would just suppress that family’s business in the Buddha Empire, causing that family huge losses.”

Zhao Hai stared, he





didn’t think that the Buddha Empire would do this. However, he has to recognize that with how much importance the Buddha Empire has placed on the Dwarf goods, there would be no way for the other Nobles to get their hands on it. Exchanging their existing business in the Buddha Empire for a one-time transaction with the Dwarves is not worth it.

Lizzy smiled and said, “Not only that, the Buddha Empire might have also been talking to the Dwarves about how malicious the merchants of the other nations were. At this point, the Dwarves would have already been convinced that aside from the Buddha Empire, the others were simply swindlers. Therefore, making it much more difficult for the other empires to trade with them.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “This will make the travel to Buddha Empire much more interesting. It seems like Dwarven Ironware is really fantastic, otherwise the Empire wouldn’t be this critical about controlling it.”

Laura nodded and said, “It really is. With the same type of weapon and the same iron, Human blacksmiths just couldn’t compare to the Dwarves. Human swords might break after one war while the Dwarven swords can last five, not to mention how much sharper the Dwarven swords were. By relying on Dwarf made goods, the Buddha Empire has managed to reach its current status.”

Megan nodded as well, “I used to see a Dwarven made steel dagger in my father’s study in the past. The dagger wasn’t very gorgeous, nor was it eye catching, but it was very sharp, better than those made by a senior Human blacksmith. If you take a Human-made dagger and sliced it with a Dwarven-made one, the Human dagger would surely break into two.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “So that’s how good Dwarven daggers are. But I want to know how it would compare to something that the Processing Machine makes.”

Laura shook her head and said, “I’m afraid Dwarven daggers are stronger. They are handcrafted, repeatedly tempered, so they should be special.”

Zhao Hai agreed, then he looked at Laura and said, “I’ll go write a letter to Grandpa Kun later. Telling him all about what just happened. I think it would be best





best for father-in-law and the others to know about this, so that they can make proper preparations.”

Meggan nodded, “Right, but wouldn’t the Church be evading the Rosen Empire by now? They would be courting death if they do. The hatred for the Church has now reached its peak. Even the commoners were in opposition to them. It would be very difficult for the church to return to the Empire.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “No matter what, being prepared is always good. At the same time, I also want to see how the Hurricane Family reacts to this incident. If the Hurricane Family doesn’t spread this out, then we would be the ones doing it. We’ll drag the Ocean Waves Dynasty along as well. Let those people from the Radiant Church withdraw even more.”

Laura nodded and said, “That’s also good. The Radiant Church had always been up to no good, it’s too annoying. Even if they are strong, we should just rid of them.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “That won’t be a good idea. If we remove the Church, the targets of the continent would be switched to us. That would make things much more troublesome. The strength that we have been showing is just the same as Great Nobles, which is still acceptable for them. But if we show strength beyond their expectations, then I’m afraid they would unite and deal with us.”

Lizzy sighed, “That’s true. I don’t understand how the people of the continent think, but for me, our current situation is quite good. At least nobody comes to bully us.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “What I’d like is to upgrade the Space even sooner so that we won’t be afraid of anyone. Moreover, we can also use a lot of backgrounds, when we get bored, we can just explore a new background. That would be very good.”

One could clearly see the look of anticipation on the faces of Lizzy and the others. Zhao Hai had shown them the different backgrounds in the Space’s shop, and those backgrounds were indeed very beautiful.

The group continued to chat in the Space for while before they left Cai’er to pay attention to





attention to the situation outside. If Kristen were to go see them, Cai’er would immediately send word. But for now, they secretly returned to Iron Mountain Fort.

When Zhao Hai went to the Prairie before, he was actually also planning to get his 100 thousand slaves. However, he didn’t expect how much damage the Herculean Bulls had suffered. Now that they needed to recover their strength, having those slaves were indispensable. Therefore, Zhao Hai chose to just leave them there for the time being. After all, he still had his 100 thousand slaves, so it wasn’t really a big deal. Moreover, he also decided to get another 100 thousand slaves from Lin, Zhao Hai believed that those would be delivered soon.

The situation in Iron Mountain Fort was very normal. Although it was impossible for the slaves to have a commoner culture, but one day they will, so they were very obedient. If these 100 thousand slaves were to disobey, Zhao Hai’s management would have so much problems. But fortunately, the slaves behaved themselves.

Karen was still buzzing around the machines everyday, to the point where Laura was now complaining about it to Zhao Hai.

This time, Zhao Hai went to see how the slaves were doing, and they were doing very good. Majority of the allocated lands were already planted. But Zhao Hai told them that this will be the only year where he would provide seeds to plant. The next year, they would be free to plant whatever they want. Zhao Hai was also planning on buying some seeds in the Space and selling them over to the slaves, using grain as trade.

They stayed for one day in Iron Mountain Fort. The next morning, Kristen sent someone to notify Zhao Hai. After some simple repairs, their ship was now ready to go.

Their travel then on was very smooth. They didn’t run into any enemies along the way. The merchants that they passed all shouted in greetings.

One has to recognize how well received the people from the Hurricane Family were. There were several instances where ships from other Families discovered how battered the Hurricane Family ship was and thought that it was attacked. So they stopped by

they stopped by and visited Kristen, they wanted to know who attacked the Hurricane Family.

At the same time, these people were also very enthusiastic regarding Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai wasn’t expecting them to be this accommodating, but after thinking about it for a while, he finally understood. All these people were kind to him because of Golden Island.

Golden Island was now the continent’s most famous trade harbor. People who go there because of the safety of their transactions, the low taxes, as well as the cheap goods in comparison to other places.

Most importantly, there were a lot of Merchants who were chased by pirates and went to Golden Island to hide, but those pirates didn’t dare to move against them. This made the Merchants prefer to involve themselves with the Buda Clan.

Zhao Hai naturally returned the enthusiasm of these people. He exchanged gifts with them and chatted with them for a bit, giving Zhao Hai some special understanding about these nobles from other countries.

Zhao Hai was now in the Lyon Empire’s seas. Merchants coming and going here were mostly from the Ocean Waves Dynasty and Buddha Empire, Aksu Empire ships were rarely spotted, the same was true for Rosen Empire ships.

This was normal. Now that the Aksu Empire was still under recovery, there were few Merchants who travelled from there. On the other hand, the relationship between the Rosen Empire and the Lyon Empire wasn’t very good. Therefore, it was normal for Rosen Empire ships to avoid this region of the sea.

But Zhao Hai still didn’t meet any obstructions in the Lyon Empire. Whether it be the Hurricane Family or the Buda Clan, both of them were powerful families in the continent. Even if the relationship between the Rosen Empire and the Lyon Empire wasn’t good, the Lyon Empire’s relationship with Zhao Hai was still normal. At the same time, nobody wanted to needlessly offend both the Buda Clan and the Hurricane Family.

After about a month of navigation, Zhao Hai and the others finally entered the Buddha Empire’s seas. But they were still very far from the Hurricane Family’s territory, they would still need to sail for five days before they arrive.





* * *


  












Chapter 564 – Strange Hurricane Family

Inside the Buddha Empire’s sea region, the travel with the Hurricane Family people came smoothly as well. In the Buddha Empire, there was almost no reason to offend the Hurricane Family.

The people of the Hurricane Family were not interested in influence. The people from the Buddha Empire were very friendly with them because they weren’t striving for power nor profit. The Royal Family also liked to intermarry to their family, which made the other nobles treat them very well. One could say that the Hurricane Family was the most accepted people in the entire Buddha Empire.

However, Kristen wasn’t in the mood to think about all of this right now. The group was currently entering the Buddha Empire’s largest river, Iron Warhorse River.

According to legend, the founding Emperor of the Buddha Empire has managed to obtain the approval of a unique Magic Beast, an Iron Warhorse, in this river. With the horse as his mount, he managed to make a lot of achievements and finally established the Buddha Empire. After taking his seat as Emperor, he immediately changed the name of the River into Iron Warhorse River.

The territory of the Hurricane Family was along a branch of this river, inside a mountainous area. The mountain didn’t have any ores, and its land wasn’t fertile. It can be said that this territory was the worst in the Buddha Empire.

However, even after holding this territory for millennia, the Hurricane Family didn’t even attempt to expand it one step, nor did they seek help from others. The Family only relied on their family members to excavate the mountainous area and make terraced fields of which Bamboo Rice, oil trees, and green vegetables were planted. They were living in something like a mundane paradise.

In the eyes of other Nobles, this might be an example of not making progress. However, the Hurricane Family seems to like living like this. They were selling a lot of Bamboo Rice, oil products as well as vegetables, but not Magic Vegetables. This made their yearly profits much lesser than the other nobles, but this could still satisfy the family.

But as many years passed by, the Hurricane Family were still a Great Clan. Other clans rose to the top, others fell into depravity, but the Hurricane Family still stayed the same. They just lived their day-to-day lives peacefully, as they did from the very beginning. This made people quite speechless when discussing them.

However, if you think that the Hurricane family was weak, then you couldn’t be any more wrong. Because of their innate Wind attribute, the Family had a lot of experts within their members.

The other families might have 7th or 8th rank experts as their Foreign elders, eliciting respect and resources in order to make their strength grow. But it was different with the Hurricane Family. One might see a farmer on the fields, tending to his crops, only to know that the person was an 8th rank expert.





You might even see someone peacefully chopping wood, but actually had the strength of 7th rank. There were no other family in the Buddha Empire that was just like the Hurricane Family.

The Hurricane Family’s core values is based on being good to others. They had helped a lot of families in the Buddha Empire before, making the entire Buddha Empire nobility grateful to them. One could say that in the Buddha Empire, the Hurricane Family was the most detached family in terms of political agenda.

When the Radiant Church was at its strongest, they wanted to suppress the Hurricane Family because of its non-compliance. But when they came to doing it, they found out that they weren’t able to do anything. The Hurricane Family didn’t have any businesses aside from their rice, oil, and vegetables. And these things were daily supplies, so they really cannot be suppressed. And when the Radiant Church wanted to use other avenues to deal with them, the Nobles of the Buddha Empire disagreed. In the end, the Radiant Church can only take a step back.

Although Zhao Hai had some understanding of the Hurricane Family, in the end, he was not a person of the Buddha Empire. His understanding of the Hurricane Family was only based on some writings on paper. As to the actual prestige of the Hurricane Family, Zhao Hai has close to no clue.

After travelling for three days in Iron Warhorse River, they finally sailed on a branching body of water known as Blooming Flower River and stopped at a place called the Blooming Flower Lake.

On the east of Blooming Flower Lake, a stone pier can be seen. This pier was Hurricane Family’s personal pier. At the same time, this Blooming Flower Lake was also part of the Hurricane Family’s territory.

After the two ships stopped on the pier. Zhao Hai discovered that there were a lot of people present. The one leading them was an old man wearing an azure Robe. This old man’s robes was neither magnificent nor luxurious. The robe looked just like the robes that low-level Mages used to wear. It didn’t have any special qualities in it.

The hair of the old person was white, he had a wrinkled face that made him look like an old Mage that had zero accomplishments in his life. However, Zhao Hai didn’t dare look down on this person. Although the old man looked weak, Zhao Hai’s intuition was telling him that he was an expert.

After lowering the springboard, Zhao Hai, along with Laura and the others, walked down from their ship. Kristen also disembarked from her own ship. Naturally, Kristen had already sent a message towards the old man, informing him about what happened as well as Zhao Hai’s presence.

Kristen went to the old man and gave him a salute. The old man smiled kindly towards her and said, “Good. It’s nice that you’ve come back safely. I told you to not go, but you insisted to. Right, let’s





let’s not neglect the guests.”

Then the old man turned to look at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai didn’t neglect his manners as he bowed and said, “Buda Clan’s Patriarch, Zhao Hai, has seen the Elder.”

The old man smiled faintly and returned the bow before saying, “Juno Hurricane has met Patriarch Zhao Hai.”

Zhao Hai quickly replied and said, “Elder shouldn’t be too polite. You’re old enough to be my grandfather. No need to give me a bow, I don’t deserve it.”



Old Juno looked at Zhao Hai and smiled faintly, “Patriarch Zhao Hai has rescued my granddaughter. That’s a great service to my Hurricane Family, that’s enough to merit a bow.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Elder is too polite. I just did it because of the coincidence, so I helped a little. Not really a big deal.”

Juno smiled a little, he didn’t want to dwell too much on this topic. So he said, “Since mister has come to my Hurricane Family, then we would of course show you our hospitality.” Juno changed how he addressed Zhao Hai from Patriarch to mister. It seems like their relationship has gone one step closer.

Zhao Hai also noted the change to how he was addressed. He smiled and said, “I’ll have to trouble the elder.” Then the group went to leave the pier and approached some carriages. The carriages were very ordinary, something even merchants wouldn’t ride on. But from the looks of the Hurricane Family members, it seems like they were already used to it.

Zhao Hai was now very curious about the people of the Hurricane Family. He wasn’t expecting that there would a millennium-old family like this to exist. It made Zhao Hai think about how great it would be if he were to be born into such a family. However, his fate was on the opposite direction.

After the group rode the carriage, it immediately headed towards the depths of the Hurricane Family’s territory. This showed Zhao Hai that the Hurricane Family’s territory was a mountainous region, no flat lands can be seen. The road that they were going through were all mountain paths paved with stones.

Zhao Hai looked at the lush, Bamboo Rice and oil trees in the mountains. Then he turned to Laura and said, “This place is really good. It’s much better than our Black Wasteland.”

Laura smiled and said, “Their lifestyle is really astonishing. I didn’t think that there would be a millennium-old clan that is like this. I used to hear how the Hurricane Family lived, but I really didn’t expect it to be like this.”

After crossing two mountains, their carriage stopped. Zhao Hai didn’t immediately get down from the carriage, he was busy gawking at the scene.

This village wasn’t different than the villages that they had seen in the past two mountains. Stone houses with a stone walled courtyards, of which several fruit trees were grown. Dogs can be seen running around the vegetation and pigs’ squeals can be heard. It’s a typical mountain village that one can





one can see everywhere.

However, this typical mountain village was actually the Patriarch’s residence of one of the most famous Great Families in the continent. This scene made Zhao Hai stare blankly.

At this time, people can be heard walking towards the carriage. This made Zhao Hai recover as he led Laura and the others down. Juno had also reached Zhao Hai’s carriage as he smiled, “Mister Zhao Hai, this is where I live. It’s quite crude, I hope you don’t get offended.”

Zhao Hai quickly replied, “This is actually a very good place. I like it very much. I’d have to trouble the Elder to take care of me.” Juno smiled faintly and led Zhao Hai to enter the courtyard. Kristen was also following them from behind, while the others went back to their own households.

Upon entering the courtyard, Zhao Hai can see another old person there as well as two children running around like crazy.

Kristen entered the courtyard and immediately ran towards the old person as she held her up, “Grandma, I’ve missed you.” The old woman looked at Zhao Hai and then back to Kristen as she said, “Good girl. Right, go invite the guests over inside.”

Zhao Hai looked at this old woman and immediately knew that she was an expert as well, at least 7th rank. Zhao Hai hadn’t seen an 7th rank Mage like this old woman before. Moreover, she was a millennium-old Patriarch’s wife.

At this time, Zhao Hai also entered the room with Juno. The living room was quite big, when he entered, he can see wooden chairs and tables inside, looking like they were already antiques. The items inside gave off a serene and deep aura.

After the group sat down, Kristen got them something to drink. Then Juno looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Is Patriarch Zhao Hai not too familiar with a crude place such as this?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Not at all, I’m quite used to it. A year ago, I lived in a similar condition. It’s even much worse than here. Hahaha. Even the place that I’m living in right now is not much better than this.”

Juno smiled and said, “Our Hurricane Family had been living like this for as long as I can remember, so we’re already quite used to it. Right, I heard that Patriarch Zhao Hai’s purpose this time was to contact the dwarves, am I correct?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I did come to do some trades with the Dwarves. But I’m quite unfamiliar with the place as well as the people here. I’ll have to ask the Elder for help.”

Juno smiled and said, “Patriarch doesn’t need to be polite. You’ve rescued Kristen, such great kindness needed to be repaid. If I can help you even for a little bit, then I would be very happy.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Elder is really too polite. I feel quite uncomfortable receiving such remarks from a respectable person like you.”

Juno just smiled and said, “Alright,

and said, “Alright, no need to talk about this. I’ll have to ask Patriarch Zhao Hai to stay here for a few days since I’ll need to arrange this matter. After I take care of it, I will personally accompany you to Dwarf Mountain. I believe that those old Dwarves would still give me some face.”

Zhao Hai stared blankly before he immediately said, “I’ve dared to cause the Patriarch too much trouble, I’ll have to deeply apologize.”

The Old man waved his hand and said, “It isn’t a big deal. I happen to have several good friends among the Dwarves. Patriarch Zhao Hai doesn’t need to be too polite. Right, I’ll have to ask Patriarch Zhao Hai to rest in his room first. In a while, I’ll be inviting you over for dinner.” Zhao Hai complied, and then he led Laura and the others out.

After walking out of the house, they saw that Kristen was already there waiting for them. However, Kristen was very different compared to the first time that they’ve met. In the past, Kristen was wearing a long skirt, with her hair fairly unkempt. But the present Kristen was now wearing ordinary clothes, she also had her hair into a braid, she looked just like an adorable neighbor.

Kristen gave a small bow and said to Zhao Hai, “Patriarch Zhao Hai, please come with me.” Then she led Zhao Hai towards a nearby building.

After arriving at the building, Kristen turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Patriarch, this is the place that Grandfather has arranged for you. It looks quite simple, we hope that Patriarch doesn’t get too offended.”

Zhao Hai entered the room. It wasn’t that big, the inside was divided into two; the living room and the bedroom. If one carefully looked at it, one could see that the room was spotlessly clean.

Zhao Hai turned his head to Kristen and then said, “Sister Kristen is too polite. This place is very good, it’s very much to my liking. Thank you very much.”

Kristen smiled and said, “Patriarch is too polite. Then I’ll leave patriarch here so that you can take a rest. If Patriarch needs anything, don’t hesitate to tell me.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then Kristen turned around and left. Meg and the others also came inside as they evaluated the house.

Laura smiled and turned to Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, I didn’t think that the Hurricane Family would be living this humbly. It’s really too strange.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I also didn’t think that the famous Hurricane Family would have this kind of lifestyle, it’s completely out of my expectations. With how strong they are, they still chose to live such lives, they have my utmost admiration.”

Laura smiled and said, “They really do make people admire them. But I feel like our situation is quite similar to the Hurricane Family. We have the strength to rule a nation, but we chose to live our current lives. Maybe we are pursuing the same life as them.”





* * *


  












Chapter 565 – Taking a Vacation

Laura and the others understood Zhao Hai by now. Zhao Hai was a person with little ambition. If he wasn’t compelled to upgrade his Space, they wouldn’t have reached their current status.

At this time, a voice was heard from the courtyard, Zhao Hai then allowed Megan to open the door. What they saw were people coming into the courtyard. There were two middle-aged people and in their sides were two seemingly 20-year old men.

Kristen was standing in between the two middle-aged people, acting like a spoiled child. Zhao Hai deduced that these two people might be Kristen’s parents.

Sure enough, when Kristen saw Zhao Hai open the door, she immediately spoke some words to the couple. The two looked at Zhao Hai and walked over and together they said, “We thank Patriarch Zhao Hai for saving our daughter’s life, please accept our gratitude.”

Zhao Hai quickly returned the gesture and said, “This one wouldn’t dare, it’s just a small help.”

At this point, Juno came as Zhao Hai was talking to Kristen’s parents. He smiled faintly and then said, “It’s good that you’re back, let’s invite Patriarch Zhao Hai for a meal.”

Kristen’s father immediately nodded and then turned his head to Zhao Hai and gestured his hand, “Please accept our Hurricane family’s invitation. Patriarch Zhao Hai, Ladies, please.” Zhao Hai complied, and then he led Laura and the others as he followed the Hurricane Family to the dining room.

Although Kristen’s home wasn’t a castle and their yard was not big, they still had a place specifically used for dining. However, it’s furniture weren’t up to par with the other Great Nobles. The chairs and tables looked like they were used for many years. Although it was much better than commoners’ homes, it was much worse compared to nobles.

Juno was there waiting for Zhao Hai and the others in the dining room. After the group sat down, Juno’s wife immediately had the dished served.

After seeing the dishes, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. This Hurricane Family surely is very interesting. They’re chosen to live this kind of village life, they lived with ordinarly old furniture, and the way they received their guests was the same as how country people receive them.

When Nobles eat meals, they would generally choose relatively good food,





the more expensive the better. But country people were different, vegetables, fish, and meat were already good food. The Hurricane Family seems to embody this philosophy as well.

This was the first time that Laura and the others had this kind of food, so they felt very curious. On the other hand, Zhao Hai wasn’t, instead, what he felt was warmth. Back on Earth, he had eaten meals like this all the time.

Juno repeatedly offered Zhao Hai the dishes, and Zhao Hai didn’t decline. He ate the meal as he chatted with Juno, the meal was very relaxed and comfortable.

Zhao Hai discovered that the Hurricane Family people were very nice to speak to. Moreover, they don’t talk like other nobles. You don’t need to worry about your words, afraid of offending them. They also didn’t go and probe your background, the Hurricane Family just wanted to talk about day to day activities.

After having eaten their meal, the group went to the living room and sat. Kristen’s mother had served them something to drink. Kristen and the ladies, as well as Kristen’s grandmother, left the room, leaving only Zhao Hai and Juno inside.

After taking a drink, Zhao Hai looked at Juno and said, “Elder, I just want to ask. What do you want to do about the recent matter?”

The matter that Zhao Hai meant was naturally the attack on Kristen. He wanted to know how Juno wanted to deal with it. If Juno doesn’t want to make a move, then there would be no need for Zhao Hai to touch the Radiant Church. Otherwise, if he made a move this time, claiming that the Radiant Church attacked Kristen but the Hurricane Family doesn’t have his back, then he would be placed in an awkward position.

If the Hurricane Family wanted to deal with the Radiant Church, then Zhao Hai can lend a hand, revealing this matter to the entire continent, making people raise their vigilance.

After Juno heard Zhao Hai, his eyes immediately shined as he said, “Does Mister mean the attack on Kristen? I’m still quite not sure, but it’s for certain that I won’t let this matter go. Mister Zhao Hai should also understand that even if the Buddha Empire was afraid of being controlled by the Radiant Church, suppressing it, the Church still has





has their presence inside the Empire. If we deal with them now, they would definitely fight back. And that would not be good.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he knew that Juno was right. Seeing Zhao Hai nod, Juno continued, “Therefore, I want to spread this matter in the meantime, letting everyone be on guard against the Radiant Church. I think that as long as the continent knew about this, then they would definitely think of ways to deal with the Radiant Church.”

Zhao Hai nodded again and then said, “This action is also good. Dealing with the Radiant Church couldn’t be done in a single day. If the Radiant Church’s attack on Kristen were to spread, the people would surely dread the church. In the future, it would be much more difficult for the church to attack individual people. Moreover, Great Nobles would also start suppressing them even more. Soon enough, the Radiant Church wouldn’t be able to take advantage of any situation.”

Juno nodded and said, “This is the only thing that we could do right now. But I can also be sure that the Radiant Church wouldn’t let our Hurricane Family go with just this. Although our Hurricane Family doesn’t have enemies, it doesn’t mean that nobody can bully us.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Elder should already know about my Buda Clan’s enmity with the Radiant Church. If Elder needs anything from us, feel free to send word.”

Juno laughed and said, “Alright, if our Hurricane Family goes to war with the Radiant Church, then we would certainly ask the Buda Clan for help.”

When Zhao Hai heard Juno’s words, he couldn’t help but feel elated. Juno had already regarded the Buda Clan as allies, and for the clan, this was a great thing.

However, Zhao Hai can also see that Juno doesn’t want to specifically state this alliance. But it still made Zhao Hai happy, having a potential ally was already very good.

In the next several days, Zhao Hai and the others lived in Juno’s residence. The farmers woke up very early, although Zhao Hai and the others don’t wake up very late, they were still much worse than them.

Moreover, from these past several days, Zhao Hai also understood that the performance of the Hurricane Family towards him was not deliberately done. This was because in Zhao





in Zhao Hai’s stay in Juno’s residence, he can see that the Bamboo rice being planted and taken care of were all done with care. The other farmers who were around Juno’s residence were also greeting Juno every single day. It was quite obvious that this was their day to day life.

After observing for several days, Zhao Hai discovered that the Hurricane Family was quite a loose family. They don’t look like they share a common family, but just their surname. The people in the family generally lived on their own. Although they had a Patriarch, his authority wasn’t as strong as in the other Noble families. Every year, the Patriarch would go and collect the taxes, but this tax would also be circulated back into the family.

Compared to the other Nobles, the position of Patriarch in the Hurricane Family was more of a rallying position than a position of power.

However, if one were to say that the Hurricane Family was dispersed, then they would also be very wrong. The Hurricane Family still had their faith in the Wind God, and each person was fully devoted to the belief. Although they live separately, once a ceremony was required, all of them went in as one. They were more solid than any average Noble family.

Zhao Hai had lived for five days in Juno’s residence. And he spent this five days mostly outdoors. He was going all around the mountain and looking at the Bamboo Rice as well as the Oil Trees. He also chatted with the villagers and came to know them by name.

Regarding Zhao Hai’s actions, Juno couldn’t help but be surprised. Juno has also heard about Zhao Hai’s background. He was a playboy from his younger years, but when their clan suffered disaster, he suddenly encountered a fortuitous encounter and managed to make the Buda Clan into what it is today.

However, Juno also thought that Zhao Hai didn’t know about the habits and customs of a village. After all, Zhao Hai lived in a major city in the past. He may go outside at the very least, once every year. But this one time might only be about business, or to fight another person. For him to be able to get comfortable in a village was impossible if he didn’t live in one in

in one in the past. So how was he very familiar with it right now?

Zhao Hai was obviously very used to it, moreover, he looks like he has lived in a village for majority of his life. This made Juno confused. Actually, what made Juno most surprised was the conduct of Zhao Hai’s wives.

With their identities, Juno had always thought that they were going to be delicate ladies, just like princesses. Compared to their previous living arrangements, this village setting of the Hurricane Family was too simple and crude.

However, Laura and the others were acting pretty normal, they can actually move on their own. They also weren’t very curious about crops like the Bamboo Rice or the Oil Trees. In fact, it was the opposite, they knew a lot about the Bamboo Rice and the Oil trees, this was very surprising for the old man.

Although Juno was very surprised about Zhao Hai’s group, he didn’t attempt to probe them or ask. In the recent days, Zhao Hai was also not talking about the matter with the Dwarves, nor about the matters with the Buda Clan and the Radiant Church. Zhao Hai seemed to enjoy his current state, one could see the joy and bliss reflected on his face.

Five days passed by in a blink of an eye. And on the morning of the next day, Zhao Hai and the others got up early, combed their hair, and washed their face before going to the dining room to have breakfast. Breakfast in the countryside was very simple, and since they were already familiar with Juno, they didn’t need to act too polite.

Juno was already waiting for them in the dining room. After the group sat down, Juno smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you should prepare yourself. We’ll be departing for Dwarf Mountain today.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he nodded and said, “Alright. Actually, there’s no need to prepare anything, I’m ready to go anytime.” To be honest, he wasn’t actually thinking about leaving this village life, he was enjoying himself here. The five days that Zhao Hai spent here was the most comfortable he had been in the past year. It seemed very much like a vacation, making Zhao Hai very reluctant to leave.

But as it seems, it looks like the vacation has ended.





* * *


  












Chapter 566 – Frightened

Standing on the deck of the Haven, Juno’s facial expression was very calm while Zhao Hai was there standing at his side. They were now navigating back in Iron Warhorse River.

The Hurricane Family’s five-master ship had received some damages in the fight, so it was now under repair. Therefore, when they departed this time, they used Zhao Hai’s ship.

Not only did Iron Warhorse River span the entire Buddha Empire, it was also quite deep and very wide. The river was an important lifeline for the Buddha Empire’s prosperity.

The end of the river was a place not far from the Dwarf Mountains. This was very convenient for Zhao Hai, as they were now heading towards the Dwarves.

They had been sailing for four days after they left the Hurricane Family’s territory. In about three days, they should reach the end of the river.

While looking at the river’s scenery, Juno sighed and said, “It’s been quite a few years since I’ve left the territory, I don’t know how those old folks were doing. Little Hai, this trip to the Dwarves, I can only be responsible for introducing you to them. You must know that the Dwarves are very stubborn. If they decided to not trade with you, then nobody’s words can change their minds. Right, what kind of things do you intend to trade with them?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They’re Dwarves, naturally I’d want their metalwares. I intend to trade them with liquor in exchange.”

Juno stared, then he laughed and said, “Good, that’s a great idea. Those fellows do indeed love drinking. If you give them great wines, they would surely do business with you. Right, what liquor are you selling? Is it Milk Wine?”

Zhao Hai’s best selling liquor was also made known to Juno. Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yes, but I intend to trade them with a higher quality Milk Wine.”

Juno smiled and said, “That’s good. There’s no better business with Dwarves other than liquor. I’ve also tried your Milk WIne, they’re very good. Especially that higher quality one, it’s fragrant.”

The higher quality milk wine that Juno mentioned was actually the





Milk Wine made from cow’s milk. This was because cow’s milk was much mellower compared to argali milk. Making it’s flavor much better, therefore, making a much better wine. Of course, the sellers needed to differentiate and describe the difference of the two, otherwise, the other Nobles wouldn’t be able to tell the difference.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Grandpa Juno, if you like, I’ll have a batch given to you. In any case, those are my products. Me giving them away wouldn’t be a big deal.”

Juno smiled and said, “Alright, after we head back, you leave some behind for me. By now, I find the other wines quite tasteless. I must say Little Hai, you’ve been living a great life on board your ship.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’m not really that comfortable. As you can see, I always move around, doing things here and there.”

Juno smiled and said, “No need to underplay yourself Little Hai, just let this old man complain here for a little bit. Right, Dwarves are generally good people. But don’t go and deceive them, if they find out, they wouldn’t be able to let you off easily.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Rest assured, I already know this. I quite understand their character, after all, they seem to be like the Beastmen.”

Juno smiled and said, “Alright, just be good. Also, Dwarves can take jokes, you can even tease them about their height, and they will never get angry. However, if you say something bad about their metalwares, they will immediately get enraged. Doing that is not a good idea.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, I’ll remember that. I will certainly watch my mouth. In fact, most of these ironware would be supplied to the Beastmen. If not for their needs for weapons, I wouldn’t be coming here.”

Juno nodded, the reason why he reminded Zhao Hai about this point was because he was afraid that Zhao Hai would undercut the price by intentionally saying that the Dwarf goods are no good. If that happens, Zhao Hai would definitely be offending the entire Dwarf Race.

However, when Juno heard that Zhao Hai wanted to get the majority





majority of these ironware for the Beastmen, he immediately became curious. The Milk Wines that Zhao Hai had been selling was definitely related to the Beastmen. What made people confused was that the Milk Wine that Zhao Hai sells were much better than those of the Beastmen. It was actually a peculiar thing.

Juno looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Do you have a good relationship with the Beastmen?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’m friends with the Cow and Dog Race. I have good relationship with the Black Bears and I also have some deals with the Hawks recently. As for the other races, I don’t have too much contact with them.”

Juno nodded, then he smiled faintly and said, “The Radiant Church had just made a huge blunder back in Aksu Empire. Does this matter have something to do with you?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he shook his head and said, “I don’t. I only received rumors about the matter with the Radiant Church and the Aksu Empire. I don’t know any of the specifics. You should know that me and the Radiant Church don’t really look eye to eye. So it’s quite impossible for me to know about their matters. My scouts don’t have supernatural activities to know about their secret plans. Also how could the Radiant Church let untrusted people know about specific things?”

Juno nodded, he believed Zhao Hai’s words. The Radiant Church attached great importance to this matter, otherwise they wouldn’t have sent a red robed Archbishop to manage their operation. However, this defeat still baffled a lot of people. Nobody knew how the Beastmen found out about the Radiant Church’s plan, causing the Church to lose a lot.

Even if the continent was confused, there weren’t a lot of people who suspected Zhao Hai. The continent knew about the enmity between Zhao Hai and the Radiant Church. The Radiant Church naturally knew about this, so they should be on guard against Zhao Hai.

At the same time, the Buda Clan was also still an emerging Clan, their background was insufficient. Moreover, Zhao Hai also had a falling out with the entire Aksu Empire, almost no family in





family in the Aksu Empire was on his side. Although his relationship with the Iksa Family and the Purcell Family was good, the Iksa Family was already gone before the Beastman attack while the Purcell Duchy was turned into sacrificial paws by the Radiant Church. Therefore, there would be no way for Zhao Hai to find out about anything.

Because of this, after the war, no matter how strange the Radiant Church’s defeat was, nobody had any thoughts that Zhao Hai would have a hand on the Church’s demise.

When summarizing the reasons of their failure, although the Radiant Church had turned their internal and external arrangements inside out, they still didn’t place any suspicions towards Zhao Hai. In their minds, even if the Buda Clan was strong, their information gathering aspect was still very weak.

It was impossible for the people of the continent to even come up with the existence of the Space. They were still stuck in thinking about the normal modes of gathering information.

But still, Juno’s question made Zhao Hai break into a cold sweat. It was great that they had prepared an excuse for this. He didn’t want any other people to know that he had used the Beastmen to deal with the Radiant Church. The lesser people knew the better.

The people of the continent might be repulsed with the Radiant Church, but they still think of them as fellow Humans. If they came to know that Zhao Hai sided with the Beastmen in order to deal a blow to the Radiant Church, then they might make Zhao Hai into the number one enemy of the Humans.

It was also good that there were only a few Beastmen who knew about Zhao Hai’s hand in the matter. The general populace only believed that there was a mysterious person that helped them. After all, when Zhao Hai visited the Beastman camp, he donned the disguise of another person.

If there were people to suspect, then it might be the Engraved Ark. This organization was very mysterious, moreover, they wanted to subvert the Ark Continent. Such matters was what they might possibly do.

Juno had just blurted this question out thoughtlessly

question out thoughtlessly and didn’t take it to heart. But even if Zhao Hai told him that he used the Beastmen against the Radiant Church, he still wouldn’t it say anything. After all, if the Beastmen were to attack the Aksu Empire, they would be dealing a huge blow against the Radiant Church.

And with their recent attack to his Granddaughter, Kristen, Juno was even more unsupportive towards the Church. Juno had a lot of children, but the one he favors the most was Kristen’s father. He already set his heart on having Kristen’s father as the future Patriarch of the Family. However, the one Juno loved the most was Kristen. Therefore, the Radiant Church attacking Kristen had managed to touch Juno’s bottom line.

The Hurricane Family were good-natured people, but this didn’t mean that they would just endure. In their early years, the reason why the Hurricane Family was able to hold on to their territory was because they also punched back. If the Hurricane Family fully mobilized this time, their might would not be worse than the other millenium-old family. They weren’t even behind in terms of their wealth. It was only because of their ancestral doctrine that they maintained this kind of life.

In fact, even if Juno said that it was not the time to deal with the Radiant Church, he already sent some people towards the Churches of the Radiant Church inside the Buddha Empire. Nobody from the Radiant Church was spared.

Being a good person didn’t mean that you didn’t have any temper. If people hit your left face, you turn back and hit their right. If one doesn’t fight back, it didn’t mean that you have great values, it also means that you are without spine.

The reason why Juno told Zhao Hai that he didn’t want to move against the Radiant Church was because he didn’t want Zhao Hai to know. Juno knew about how big Zhao Hai’s enmity with the Radiant Church was. If Juno told Zhao Hai, then it was inevitable that Zhao Hai would help, elevating the matter by another lever. In the current case, the matter was still under Juno’s control.





* * *


  












Chapter 567 – Dwarf Iron Mountain

While the ship was sailing along Iron Warhorse River, they could spot three-masted and five-masted ships sailing with them. These ships had displaced a lot of water, showing people how much cargo they were carrying.

They were already not far from the pier for Dwarf Mountain. From the direction these ships were heading, it seems like they were all packing a lot of iron and iron goods inside.

When people mention Dwarven ironware, they might think of weapons. But in reality, there were a lot of ironware that were from the Dwarves. Everything that can be made out of iron was also made by the Dwarves.

Moreover, Dwarves don’t only create things from iron, they also use a variety of metals as well. Their gold and silver items also held some fame in the continent, but not as much as their ironware.

Weapons that Dwarves produce might be crude and simple, but the products they make from precious metals were absurdly magnificent, looking like they were art. Even Elves cannot be compared to how innately skilled the Dwarves were in this aspect.

Like what was heard, the Dwarves had been hollowing out huge portions of Dwarf Mountain. At the same time, they also knew that the mountain would run out of iron eventually, so they also started to recycle some iron. Iron was easy to reuse, the Dwarves can just remelt some dscared iron products to make new ones.

Because of this, whether ships were heading or leaving Dwarf Mountain, all of them had iron in their cargo.

Zhao Hai also knew about this practice of the Dwarves, but they don’t need a lot of people to bring them iron. Right now, they already have Merchants, specifically tasked to get them some scrap iron. One could say that the development of the Dwarves were much better than the Beastmen.

Before long, the Haven slowly came to a stop at the pier. The pier was very big, the ships that were moored along it were a lot. Zhao Hai also noticed that of the ships present, almost all of them were owned by Buddha Empire Nobles, he couldn’t spot any ships belonging from the other nations.

But what intrigued Zhao Hai the most about this pier was the pier managers. These people were very short, the tallest of them was only about 1.5 meters. However, their figures were very sturdy, they wore iron armor while everyone of them carried a hammer at their back.

This hammer wasn’t the same as the weapons of Ancient China. This hammer looks like it was used to hammer iron, but it’s very big, they seem to weigh a couple of dozen jins each.

In addition to the hammer, the Dwarves also wore iron armor. The amount of load that each of them carried was at minimum about 100 jin. But from their appearances, it seems like it didn’t bother them, showing how formidable their





strengths were.

This was the first time that Zhao Hai had seen a Dwarf. These people had brown hair and a full beard on their faces, they also had a slight blush on their cheeks, probably from all the drinking that they had done.

After the ship stooped, Zhao Hai walked down from it along with Juno. Before long, two Dwarves approached them, the two bowed slightly to Zhao Hai and Juno and said, “Are you two doing business?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Dwarf friend, this one is Buda Clan’s Zhao Hai. I came this time to do business. Since this is my first time, I have been accompanied with the Hurricane Family’s Patriarch.

When the Dwarf heard Zhao Hai that the person beside him was the Hurricane Family’s patriarch, his face immediately changed to respect as he bowed to Juno and said, “So it turns out to be Patriarch Juno. We’ve been very rude, please come with us.”

It seemed like they had ignored Zhao Hai’s self introduction. Zhao Hai can only stare blankly for a moment before bitterly smiling.

The Buda Clan was now quite famous in the Continent, however, these Dwarves seem to not know about him. This had two possibilities, it might be because they really haven’t heard about Zhao Hai, or they might have taken a dislike towards him.

Juno looked at the Dwarf and calmly said, “This is Mister Zhao Hai, Buda Clan’s Patriarch, he is a friend of mine.”

Quite ordinary words, but these made the Dwarf stare. Then he turned to Zhao Hai with a look of unfriendliness and said, “Buda Clan? Rosen Empire’s Buda Clan?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Is there a problem?”

The Dwarf looked at Zhao Hai and said, “It’s been a long time since people from the Rosen Empire has come here. The last merchant from the Rosen Empire sold us moldy bamboo rice.”

When Zhao Hai heard the Dwarf, he stared for a moment before he faintly smiled and said, “Really? Is he from the Buda Clan?”

The Dwarf didn’t expect this to be Zhao Hai’s response. He also understood what Zhao Hai meant. The Dwarf couldn’t help but laugh and said, “I like you. Patriarch Zhao Hai, please.”

Juno nodded at the side in commendation. If Zhao Hai defended the Rosen Empire merchants, then it would become impossible for him to do any business with the Dwarves. It’s good that Zhao Hai’s answer made these Dwarves quite delighted.

Zhao Hai also discovered that these Dwarves aren’t the same as the Beastmen. Beastmen were direct, but they weren’t as smart as the Dwarves. Even if the Dwarves were also direct, they also had more contact with Humans and knew about how to read them.

Zhao Hai’s group left the pier along with the two Dwarves, then the Dwarves got the group some carriages. The carriage was fairly big, it was pulled by a Magic Beast that Zhao Hai has not seen before. This





This one looked like pangolin, however, their heads looked like a cross between a horse and a bull.

After the carriage arrived, the two Dwarves immediately invited Zhao Hai’s group to ride it. The Dwarves then talked with the group while inside. Naturally, the two were much more respectful towards Juno.

Seeing their conduct, Zhao Hai can’t do anything but just smile. From what he can see on the expressions of the Dwarves, it seems like Juno held quite a high standing in their hearts.

When Juno noticed that Zhao Hai was curious about the Magic Beast, he smiled and said, “This beast is called Iron Armor Beast, a unique Magic Beast of the Dwarven Race. It’s a great complement to them as it is very good at excavating earth as well as digging through mountains. At the same time, through proper training, these can also help the Dwarves find iron ore deposits. However, this Magic Beast also has its peculiarities. Other than the Dwarves, these beasts are unable to be trained by Humans or any other races. Because of this, the Dwarves had always believed that this beast was a gift to them but the Artisan God.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he didn’t think that this was false. After all, there were a lot of strange things in the Ark Continent. Maybe there were really gods looking at the continent from some other place.

The Iron Armor beast walked very steadily, moreover, it’s speed was not very slow. It didn’t take a long time before Zhao Hai and the others saw the mountain in the distance. This mountain was very different from the Hurricane Family’s territory. Back in the Hurricane Family’s place, bamboo rice and oil trees can be seen everywhere, but here, Zhao Hai can only spot a single plant that he hadn’t seen before.

This tree is very strange, it’s trunk was very straight and very black. However, it wasn’t very thick. On top of the tree were some branches, each branch had about five or six extensions on them. At the same time, there were more than ten leaves on each branch, each leaf was very big, about more than one meter long and were very thin. One could get an impression of a spear upon seeing the dark green leaves. The entire tree gives one a feeling of weight and sharpness.

For a tree to give a sharp feeling was very strange. At this time, Juno opened his mouth and said, “This is called a Spear Tree. It’s branch, leaves, and trunk can all be made into spears of high quality. They are also quite heavy, much heavier than average spears. However, they are also very tough, they are one of the specialty goods in Dwarf Mountain.

Zhao Hai nodded, but deep inside he was excited. He really felt that he hadn’t wasted his time in coming here. These unique things in Dwarf Mountain are very helpful. Even if





Even if they cannot upgrade the Space, he can still acquire them for future use.

Zhao Hai was now anticipating his visit towards the Elven Forest. If the Dwarves, who were famous for the ironware, already had these unique plants and beasts, then what would the Elves, who were famous for their unique plants, have? It was no wonder that Zhao Hai looked forward to his visit.

Dwarf Iron Mountain was very tall, not worse than any other tall mountain in the continent. The mountain was part of a very long mountain range, comparable only to Hawk King Mountain.

Before long, the Iron Armor Beast carriage entered the mountain. Upon entering, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk, the scale of this place simply placed the lake chamber back at Iron Mountain to shame.

But there was no water in this mountain chamber, on the contrary, it looked just like a huge factory. Blacksmiths and their furnaces can be seen everywhere. Shirtless Dwarves, were all hard at work, hammering their metals and producing some ‘ding’ ‘ding’ sounds along the way. The noise in this place would compel you to shout at someone beside you just to talk to them.

Inside, weapons and various products can be seen everywhere. All kinds of full body armor were also being made. Various Dwarves can be seen loading and unloading goods here and there, however, no Human merchants can be seen inside.

Zhao Hai was actually afraid of the noise inside, he felt like his head was about to explode. But fortunately, it didn’t take too long before the carriage went out of the other side of the mountain, bringing them back to the quiet atmosphere once again.

Zhao Hai let out a long breath and then said, “That was too scary. If I stay for a day inside there, then I might get killed by the noise. How can the Dwarves endure it?”

Juno smiled and said, “They don’t need for the Dwarves to endure, you didn’t notice, but all of them were wearing ear plugs. With those, they don’t need to worry about the noise. Inside the mountain, Dwarves wouldn’t even open their mouths, they only use hand signals to communicate with one another.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “So it’s like this. But I find something strange. Why haven’t I seen any Human merchants in there?”

Juno smiled, “There are several places in the mountain that Humans can use to interact with the Dwarves clearly. After making clear about their transactions, the Dwarves would carry their orders out by themselves while the Humans would leave the mountain. Otherwise, Humans might become insane if they stay inside for a long time, .”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to inspect the surroundings, they were now exiting the first mountain. What was in front of Zhao Hai were a chain of other mountains stretching as far as his eyes can see. On these mountains, Spear Trees can be

Trees can be seen growing with no end in sight.

Zhao Hai knew that this was the real Dwarf Mountain. The area of this group of mountains was very large, it was no less than the entire Beastman Prairie.

Juno looked at the stretch of mountains and said, “Everyone knew about the Dwarf Mountain, but there were only a few of them who knew about the real Dwarf territory. Only friends of the Dwarves can see this scene. If one wasn’t someone that the Dwarves trust, then they can only go up to that first mountain.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’m very lucky to have Grandpa Juno with me this time. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have seen such a scene.”

Juno smiled faintly and said, “You don’t need to be too polite with me. If I don’t see you as a good Merchant, then I wouldn’t be taking you here. Why did you think I accompanied you personally? If you’re not a good merchant, let along saving Kristen, even if you saved the entire Hurricane Family, I still wouldn’t take you here. I treat the Dwarves as my friends, and I can not do any disservice towards them.”

Zhao Hai nodded. Laura and the others were quite all this time. They were enthralled by the scenery outside. This time, Juno only brought a few people from his family, they were on the carriages behind. Shue and Shun were also present on one of those carriages.

It didn’t take a long time before the Iron Armor Beast entered a second mountain. This mountain was also very big, with a lot of Dwarves being busy inside as well. But there weren’t a lot of weapons that can be seen here, most of the things here were iron ores.

The carriage continued to go along the mountain range. Zhao Hai also felt that each mountain that they passed, their altitude seemed to get lower. It seemed like the road that they were on was on a gentle slope.

Before long, the Iron Armor Beast stopped. Then Juno turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Let’s head out, we still need to ride a boat.”

When he arrived outside, Zhao Hai looked around for a moment. This place was beside a mountain. There were a lot of Dwarves present here, loading and unloading their goods towards other Iron Armor Beast carriages.

On the side of this mountain was a pier with boats moored at its side. These boats weren’t big, however, they can still fit quite a number of people inside.

The Dwarf that drove their carriage arrived at Juno’s side and said, “Mister Juno, please come with me.” Juno nodded, and then he led Zhao Hai and the others to walk towards the pier.

After looking at the boats on the pier, Zhao Hai noticed that some of them were loaded with iron ore while some had nothing in them. Naturally, these empty boats were meant for them to ride on.





* * *


  












Chapter 568 – Hammer

Under the guidance of the Dwarf, Zhao Hai and the others got up to ride the boat. While the Dwarf guided them, the other one was responsible for driving.

They traversed the underground quite steadily. While they were travelling, ZHao Hai can notice some magic lights coming from the walls of the river from time to time.

Inside the channel, boats can also be seen travelling in both directions. Their speeds were quite fast for boats, all of them were driven by Dwarves.

By utilizing the brightness from the Magic lamps, Zhao Hai can see that there were also some piers placed on the sides of the river. These piers also had some boats in it. Some of the boats were carrying iron ores, while some had weapons and armor.

Zhao Hai was now admiring the Dwarves, they’re really quite formidable. From what Zhao Hai can see, it seems like the Dwarves had scraped out entire mountains, making them into cities. How much skill did this need?

Juno sat on the ship and looked around before he sighed and said, “From the time I came here, nothing much has changed. But I can fairly remember that there weren’t a lot of magic lamps before, torches were mostly used back then.”

The lead Dwarf smiled at him and said, “Mister Juno, these lamps haven’t been replaced in ten years. We happened to find a Magic Crystal deposit not far from the mountain. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be replacing the torches with these Magic lamps.”

Juno nodded and said, “Your luck is really good. But since you discovered a Magic Crystal deposit, why haven’t you sold them?”

The Dwarf shook his head and said, “We can’t, there aren’t a lot of Magic Crystals in that deposit. The only thing we have is only enough for our use.”

Juno nodded. After sailing from quite some time in the underground river, they finally stopped at a pier. The Dwarf then led them to land and had them ride an Iron Beast carriage that was already waiting for them.

After the group entered the Iron Armor Beast carriage, they continued on to their travel





along the mountain range. From what Zhao Hai can see in Juno’s expression, it seems like they were going to a special place.

Sure enough, when they came out of the mountain, a main road was seen. This road was very wide, it was paved with stone and it was extended from a distant the mountain. But from what Zhao Hai can see, the mountain was just like a tunnel, he can see the other side of it.

Upon entering the mountain, Zhao Hai immediately knew that he had made a mistake. The mountain was very big, moreover, a lot of Dwarf women were very busy inside.

Upon looking, Zhao Hai can see that there were tools for assembling full body armors. These armors were fish scale armors that infantry used. There were fully assembled armors as well as components waiting to be built.

After crossing the mountain, a building appeared not far away from the group. It was constructed like a temple very enormous and was constructed out of iron and iron ore. It was tall, about 20 meters in height, with 18 large stone pillars supporting it. The pillars were thick, each having about 5 meters in diameter.

There was a wide area in front of the building, about 10 thousand meters in diameter. The ground was paved with iron as well, making it very flat. Zhao Hai can see some people constantly cleaning the square.

Juno gave a sigh and said, “This is a sacred land of the Dwarf Race, the Artisan Divine Palace. It was originally a small mountain, but it was hollowed out by the Dwarves. The stones from the mountain became the foundation of the entire palace. Every year, the Dwarves would all come to this place to worship the Artisan God, it’s quite a spectacle.”

The Iron Armor Beast stopped on the square outside the Divine Palace. Then Juno turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Let’s head out, carriages are prohibited in the vicinity of the Divine Palace. We’ll give our respects to the Artisan God first before we see my old friends.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then followed Juno down. The Dwarf





Dwarf guide was also with them as the group slowly walked towards the Divine Palace. Zhao Hai can see a lot of dwarves in the square, cleaning. They seem to be of old age, judging from their white hair and beard.

Although the Dwarves noticed Zhao Hai and the others, they seem to not care about it as they continued to get busy in their job. Before long, Zhao Hai and the others were already near the Palace Great Hall.

The closer you get to the hall, the more of its grandeur that you feel. He didn’t know if it was an illusion, but Zhao Hai can feel a pressure inside the hall which made him very uncomfortable.

Zhao Hai and the others then entered the Great Hall upon which they were greeted with it’s beautiful interior, carvings and art that could be seen everywhere.

However, there wasn’t any statue inside the Great Hall, what made Zhao Hai surprised was that the only thing that was present here was a hammer.

Yes, Zhao Hai did not misjudge it, it was a red hammer. It’s like the hammers that the Dwarves use, but it was a bit smaller, about a couple of jin less heavy.

This hammer was just too small to be used by the Dwarves. It was even short enough to be called a one-handed hammer. But what made Zhao Hai confused was that this hammer had given him an immense pressure. The pressure was even greater than what he felt when he faced 9th rank experts.

When Juno saw that Zhao Hai was motionless as he looked at the hammer, he couldn’t help but stare. Hi didn’t understand why Zhao Hai was staring at the hammer. Juno had visited the Dwarves a hundred times before, and he had also seen this hammer, however, he just can’t see anything special about it.

The Dwarf guide had also noted Zhao Hai’s expression, which made him gawk, and then his two eyes shined. However, he didn’t say anything and just stepped towards the Hammer along with Juno and Zhao Hai.

Under the leadership of the Dwarf, the group paid their respects towards the





towards the hammer before they left the Great Hall. After leaving the hall, Juno then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, why did you stare at that hammer? Did you see anything strange?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No, I just felt a very strong pressure from the hammer. I’ve faced 9th rank experts before, but I still wasn’t able to feel the kind of pressure that I got from the hammer. I felt that the hammer had a life, moreover, it seems to be much more formidable than a 9th rank expert.”

After Zhao Hai finished talking, the Dwarf guide in front turned around and faced Zhao Hai in shock.

The Dwarf looked at Zhao Hai for quite some time before he turned back and proceeded. Zhao Hai and Juno looked at each other in confusion before they followed the Dwarf.

After they went past the Great Hall, they were once again greeted with another big mountain. When they entered, Zhao Hai was astounded by the number of people inside here. These people weren’t here for work or to play with iron. From what was seen, it seems like this place was the living area of the Dwarves.

Juno looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Don’t be surprised, this is the place where Dwarves live. It’s almost the same as the village back at home.”

Zhao Hai nodded, but he was still somewhat surprised upon inspecting these short Dwarves. Old Dwarves, Middle aged Dwarves, Dwarf children, all of them don’t feel any different. Dwarf children were like Human children in the way they play all around the place, the Dwarf women were there doing sewing and knitting while they chat with each other, old Dwarves were sitting in threes or fours chatting away while drinking wine.

Like Juno said, it wasn’t very different from any Human village. It was just that the people here were not Humans.

The Dwarf guide then led Zhao Hai and the others to enter the village. But before they went in, they stopped by the guards at the entrance as the guide said, “Please inform the Patriarch, Hurricane Family’s Patriarch Juno has

Patriarch Juno has come to visit.”

Just as the guide’s request was said, a voice was suddenly heard, “What? That old man Juno has come? Quick, quick, have him come over.”

Along with the voice, a Dwarf also appeared in front of the group. This Dwarf wasn’t young, he already had a white beard. The Dwarf was about 1.5 meters in height, and since he was a Dwarf, his build was very sturdy. He had a big pair of hands, each finger was very thick and full of calluses, all of them looked just like withered branches.

When this old Dwarf saw Juno, he couldn’t help but laugh as he hugged his old friend and patted him at the back, “You old fogy, I thought you had died. I didn’t expect you to suddenly visit. Hahahaha.”

Juno was obviously used to being greeted by the Dwarves this way, so he didn’t care, instead he returned the old Dwarf’s hug and said, “You as well, who thought that you’re still alive.”

Zhao Hai was on the side, looking at the two old men. They looked just like two bickering children as they chatted with each other. But even so, Zhao Hai can feel the deep friendship that was shared between the two.

After a moment of talking, Juno gestured towards Zhao Hai and said, “This is the Patriarch of the Buda Clan, Zhao Hai Buda. I accompanied him this time since he wanted to do business with you.”

Then Juno turned to Zhao Hai and said, “This is the Patriarch of the Dwarf Race, Billy.”[1]

Zhao Hai bowed and said, “Zhao Hai has seen Patriarch Billy.”

Billy sized Zhao Hai up, then he looked at Laura and the others at the back before he nodded and said, “Since you came with Juno, then you don’t need to be polite with me. Kid, come with me, take your group and get some rest at a room nearby.”

Zhao Hai didn’t decline, then he turned to give a nod to Laura and the others. The group then gave Billy another salute before retreating with the Dwarf guide.






* * *


  












Chapter 569 – Four Types of Liquor

Zhao Hai followed Billy and Juno into a cave in the mountain. The place looked very ordinary, probably something rarely used. On the cave was a big desk along with several bookshelves at the side.

Not far from the cave was a place for rest, with a set of wooden sofas and some tables.

After arriving at the resting area, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Kid, in just one year, you have made quite great achievements. The Buda Clan is now well known. I want to know what business you’ll have with us Dwarves.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I have some goods from my Buda Clan. I think the Patriarch also knew about my Clan’s Milk Wine.”

Zhao Hai knew that most of the other races were very direct, much more direct than humans. Therefore, he didn’t waste any words and just said what the other party wanted to hear.

Billy looked at Zhao Hai and then smiled. “I’ve drank your Milk Wine, it’s really good. Is it from your cooperation with the Beastmen?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “The Milk Wine that they make is still incomplete, it still needed further processing. Therefore, I struck a deal with the Beastman and had them supply me with Milk Wine. I’ll process those and then sell them to the Human territories.”

Billy nodded, “Your quite honest, Kid. Tell me, what do you need?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “i have a peculiar hobby, I like strange plants and unique Magic Beasts. As long as it’s rare, I’d want it. I can use my Milk Wine to trade with those things with you, naturally it includes iron wares as well. What do you think?”

Billy knit his eyebrows and said, “This is not a problem. But you should know that Magic Beasts like our Iron Armor Beast are unique to our Dwarf Race. It’s not like we don’t want to give them away to the other races, but if the Iron Beasts were given to others, they would immediately starve themselves and die. At the same time, unique trees and plants in our mountain will not grow elsewhere. Are you fine with this?”

Zhao





Hai smiled and said, “I’m merely curious about those things. I’ve also done the same with the Beastmen, so I’m quite familiar with the implications. In fact, I have some alchemists back at the clan, they also want to see those kinds of things. Therefore, I’m going out of my way to collect them.”

Billy didn’t say anything. In fact, there were a lot of unique plants and beasts in the hands of both the Dwarves and the Beastmen. It’s not like they don’t want to give them away, it’s just that they don’t have any uses. Because of that, they slowly went forgotten.

Billy nodded, “This is not an issue, these things are practically worthless. If you want to, there’s no problem in us giving you a few. Right, what price do you want to sell your milk wine?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “Patriarch doesn’t need to worry, I’ll sell it at a normal price. The price that we sell at the mainland is what the price that I’ll be giving you.”

Billy stared at Zhao Hai and said, “Really?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “There’s no need to doubt me. If you go to the Beastman Prairie and inquire, you will know that our Buda Clan had always been fair in doing business. Compared to other merchants, the grain that we sell in the Prairie is priced much lower. There’s no reason for us to sell to the Dwarves at a high price.”

Judging by Zhao Hai’s expression, Billy can see if Zhao Hai was telling the truth or not. After thinking for a while, Billy nodded and said, “If this is the case, then it would be good for our Dwarf race. We’re living in the mountains all year round, the winds in here is very tough. So tough that we needed to drink some liquor after every meal. If you do supply us with this Milk Wine, then you would be doing us a great deed.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “In fact, I don’t only have Milk Wine in my hands, I also have other varieties of liquor. I’ll have to invite the two elders to have a taste.” Then





Then he waved his hand and took out a few bottles of liquor.

The bottles contained several types of liquor. Among them were the ordinary milk wine, high-grade milk wine, white wine, and finally the beer. Zhao Hai didn’t bring out some fruit wine because it was obvious that they didn’t suit the palates of the Dwarves.

In fact, Zhao Hai already had prior knowledge about the Dwarves’ drinking customs. He understood that they really loved to drink, and that the liquor that they were drinking were quite special. Their liquor was a type made from potatoes that was farmed in the Buddha Empire. Although this potato looked much like sweet potatoes, and its liquor was also the same as the liquors back on Earth. Moreover, its flavor was very mellow, and it also had a distinct fermented fragrance. Most Dwarves are even disgusted by it. This liquor simply cannot be compared to Zhao Hai’s.

One can say that this potato liquor had a much worse flavor than fruit wine. But since Dwarves don’t like drinking fruit wine, they had no other choice but to consume this potato liquor.

Since Zhao Hai was already informed about these matter, therefore he didn’t bring some fruit wine out.

Billy and Juno looked at the four bottles on the table. These four bottles looked very common. Three of them had transparent contents while the last one had black liquid inside.

Zhao Hai opened the bottle containing ordinary milk wine and then looked at Billy and Juno, “This is the ordinary milk wine, I think the two of you had already tasted this. But this wine is divided into several types. What we are selling at large in the mainland had the lowest degree. But this bottle has a higher degree compared to the others.”

Each Dwarf table always had glasses for liquor in them, this was something that everybody knew. So Zhao Hai took two glasses from the table and then gave the two some of the ordinary milk wine.

Billy and Juno wasn’t polite, they immediately took the glass and drank the liquor. They had prior experience with milk wine, and they knew that it was fierce, therefore they only





they only took a small sip.

After the two took a sip, they felt different. They had drunk the milk wines in the mainland. Those wines were very good to drink, but those cannot be compared to what Zhao Hai served them this time.

After they placed their cups down and nodded, Zhao Hai took the high grade milk wine and poured the two another two glasses of liquor.

Juno had already drank this high grade milk wine before, so his expression this time was quite mild. However, Billy hadn’t drank this before. Therefore, after he took a sip, his two eyes couldn’t help but light up, he felt that the flavor of this wine was very good.

Then Zhao Hai took the bottle of rice wine and then gave them a glass as he introduced it, “Taste this one, it’s something we made quite recently. It’s not milk wine nor fruit wine, but it’s made from bamboo rice.”

Juno and Billy stared at the bottle. Naturally, they knew about bamboo rice, but brewing alcohol from it? This was the first time that they had heard such a concept.

They curiously lifted the cup and drank from it. Although the degree of Zhao Hai’s rice wine wasn’t very high, it didn’t have the milky fragrance of milk wine. Instead, it had a purely wine flavor with a little sweet aftertaste. It was a gentle kind of drink.

After they tasted the liquor, the two’s eyes couldn’t help but light up. They didn’t expect that the liquor that was made from bamboo rice would be this good.

After seeing their reactions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. Then he poured them a glass of beer each. When Zhao Hai served them milk wine and rice wine, he only poured them a small amount, enough for a single sip. But this time, Zhao Hai poured the beer until the glass in half full. But even then, the foam at the top of the beer was already quite a lot.

Billy and Juno looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, Zhao Hai slightly knew what was on their minds as he said, “This liquor isn’t very strong, it’s quite mellow. However, I think you

I think you will find its flavor quite interesting. Please have a taste.”

Juno and Billy weren’t polite, they held their glasses and downed the liquor inside. When the beer entered their mouths, they first felt that it tasted very strange. But then, an indescribable mellow taste overwhelmed their taste buds. After the two drank the beer, they couldn’t help but snap their tongues.

While looking at the two, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This liquor is made from a rare type of plant grown in the continent. At this point, only our Buda Clan has been cultivating it. However, it’s production volume into beer is very great.”

Billy looked at the cup and nodded, “This final one is really good. It tastes quite nice. Do you have a lot of these?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “It’s current output is not very high. My highest output at this time would be milk wine. If you want the other ones, you may need to wait for some time.”

Billy nodded, “Then I want some milk wines, this ordinary ones since we Dwarves consume a lot of liquor. But you have to give me a very fair price.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, that’s not a problem. Large purchases always merit price deductions. I can sell them to the Dwarves at wholesale price.”

Billy gave a satisfied nod, “Good, good. Kid, when can you send the wine?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Right now. How much do you want? I can deliver them right away.”

Billy stared at Zhao Hai and said, “How big is your Space Equipment?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “ Very big. Moreover, since I already planned to do business here, I also brought a large amount of milk wine along. I want to trade some of these wines into ironwares, then I’ll go transport them over to the Beastman Prairie.”

Billy nodded and said, “It looks like your relationship with the Beastmen is very good. In the past, our Dwarf race also had some dealings with the Beastmen. But after a few years, and the emergence of the Humans, our contact had been cut off. I didn’t expect that you would connect the two races with your business.”





* * *


  












Chapter 570 – Prophecy

Zhao Hai didn’t know that the Dwarves had business dealings with the Beastmen before, so he smiled and said, “It’s nothing great, I just have good relationships with the Beastmen. When I went to the Prairie last time, the Beast King invited me over for a meal since he thinks highly of me. During the meal, I told him that I would be visiting here so he asked me to get some ironwares with me when I come back. Therefore, I’ll have to give some ironwares to the Beastmen when I return.”

Zhao Hai might be speaking calmly , but Juno and Billy heard things in a different tone. The two of them were aware of the relationship between the Humans and the Beastmen. There were a lot of Humans who can visit the Prairie to do business, however, it was rare for them to even get a glance of the Beast King.

Most importantly, from Zhao Hai’s words, it seems like the Beast King still invited him over despite the recent war between the two races. This was enough to explain Zhao Hai’s standing inside the Beatman Prairie.

Juno looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, did you really share a meal with the Beast King?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I did, I cannot lie about this matter. After some time, Humans would be coming back to the Prairie to do business. They will surely know about this matter. The reason why I was able to cooperate for milk wine with the entire Beastman race was because of the Beast King’s help. Thanks to him sending his Beast King’s letters, the Beastmen believed me.”

Juno and BIlly became surprised as they asked, “Beast King’s letters?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, I think that’s what they called it. What’s wrong? I asked the Beast King for help and he didn’t say anything else.”

Juno and Billy stared at Zhao Hai for some time before Billy opened his mouth and said, “Kid, do you know what the Beast King’s letters represent?”

Zhao Hai stared, “Represent? Isn’t it just like notices sent by humans?”

Juno smiled bitterly and said, “You really know nothing, no wonder the Beastman Race helped you. The Beast King just couldn’t casually use his letters, they were only sent during important matters. Otherwise, the Beastmen wouldn’t hold his words in high regard.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I think it’s because of my milk wine business, it’s quite important to the beastmen. I even needed the help of the Hawk race in order to collect the massive amounts of milk wine. Otherwise, this cooperation would be impossible to progress quickly.”

Juno knit his brows and said, “That’s not right, why would the Beastmen believe you easily? The Beastmen had always been on guard against the Human race, why would they help you right now?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and





said, “Besides being a merchant, I’m also a Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bull tribe. Moreover, I also have the friendship flags of the Dog Race and the Black Bear Tribe. Therefore, they immediately trusted me.”

Juno didn’t understand this, so he was confused and asked, “Friendship flag? What is this friendship flag?”

Compared to Juno, Billy was more shocked than Zhao Hai, “Did you really obtain a Beastman Friendship flag? How is that possible?”

Juno became more puzzled, “What happened? What is a friendship flag?”

Billy forced a smile and said, “Beastman flags are divided into many types. People who do business with the Beastmen will receive that tribe’s War Flag, however, that flag has nothing of value. The Friendship Flag is different, as long as someone gets a Friendship Flag, that would mark him as a friend to the Beastmen, a genuine true friend. It represents being a friend worthy of them sacrificing their life for. Now you see how important Friendship Flags are? Also, Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bull Tribe? What’s this all about?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “I’ve managed to help the Herculean Bulls in their time of extreme trouble. Also, the current Patriarch of the Herculean Bulls is my Beheading Blood Oath Brother. Therefore, I’ve become their tribe’s foreign Prince.”

Billy forced a smile and said, “Kid, you’re really lucky. No wonder the Beast King is willing to see you and even use his letters to help your business. Your milk wine business affects the entire Beastman Race, if they didn’t trust you then it might not have gone through.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ve always been fair in trading with the Beastmen. The price that I sell them grain is lower than all of the other Human Merchants. This also explains why my relationship with them is very good.”

Billy nodded, “Now I believe you. It seems like you’re genuine. I just hope that your business with our Dwarf Race gets to a point similar to your relationship with the Beastmen.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Rest assured, it will.”

Billy smiled and said, “I hope. Right, how much milk wine did you bring? I want a lot.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You want a lot, but I have a lot. I’m afraid you won’t want all of them.”

Billy laughed and said, “Kid, you shouldn’t think too high of yourself. You’re underestimating the amount of liquor we Dwarves drink. If you want figures, then I’ll be taking 10 million jin.”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled, he didn’t think that the Dwarves would want this many, he was indeed overconfident. However, it doesn’t matter, he already had 1 million jin of milk wine inside the Space. He looked at Billy and laughed as well, “I didn’t think that you would want this many. I only have 1 million jin at this time. I can give the remaining amount in the future, what do





do you think?”

Billy laughed, “Alright, 1 million jin is enough. Right, you need to wait for a few days to get the things that you want. You stay here first, I also need to reminisce with old Juno. Tomorrow, I’ll take you to look around. If you need anything just send word and we’ll make sure to take care of it.”

Zhao Hai immediately became happy as he said, “That’s fantastic, I thank the Patriarch.”

Billy waved his hand and said, “No need to be polite. You go rest first while I have some people prepare some food. I’ll have someone invite you when the time comes.”

Then he turned his head outside and said, “Someone come here!” As his voice fell, a Dwarf came in from outside and bowed to Billy.

Billy nodded and said, “Lead Mister Zhao Hai and his wives to their resting area. Prepare a good room for them, he’s our friend, don’t neglect him.”

The Dwarf complied, then he led Zhao Hai and the others to exit. Seeing Zhao Hai leave, Billy turned to Juno and said, “Old fogy, you’ve really brought a decent person here this time. The Buddha Empire has been pressing our Dwarf Race in the recent years. If we can do business with Zhao Hai, then we might be able to be unafraid of the Buddha Empire.”

Juno smiled bitterly and said, “I actually didn’t expect him to hold such high status. It seems like the Buda Clan rising up in one year is not a fluke.”

Billy laughed and said, “I must say, you really outdid yourself this time. Right, why would you assist him? Does he have relationship with you? From what I knew, your Hurricane Family and the Buda Clan seems to have no past relations.”

Juno chuckled and replied, “Your right, our Hurricane Family and the Buda Clan doesn’t have any prior relationship. You might not have known, but Kristen had been the one doing business in the Rosen Empire. But this time, she was attacked by the people of the Radiant Church when she was heading back. If it wasn’t for Zhao Hai passing by, Kristen might have been ended.”

Billy stared for a moment before his eyes turned cold, “Radiant Church? THE Radiant Church? Why would they dare attack Kristen? No wonder I’ve been hearing about their churches in the Buddha Empire being picked off. Is it your doing?”

Juno coldly snorted and said, “Our Hurricane Family might have been good, but it doesn’t mean that we don’t have any temper. If we just let the Radiant Church go, then our family would be shamed in the continent. In the future, we wouldn’t be able to hold our heads high in the continent.”

Billy laughed at Juno’s reply, “Alright, that’s good. I have known you for so long, even I became angry with this. No wonder Kristen was not here to pick your goods,





your goods, you actually sent her to Rosen Empire. That’s understandable, that place is not very far..”

Juno smiled bitterly and said, “That’s why I sent her there. Fortunately, she didn’t succumb to the enemies. If she didn’t, then I don’t know what I might do.”

Billy coldly snorted, “The Radiant Church is now quite weak, but they still dared to make this move. I should’ve given them a lesson. They came here in the past wanting to preach, fortunately, we drove them away.”

Juno said, “The Radiant Church came to preach here? Why didn’t I know that? There’s no news about this in the continent.”

Billy sneered, “They kidnapped a few Dwarves in the past and wanted them to come back here and preach in secret. But when they went to give respects in the Divine Palace, the hammer of the temple discovered them and they were all killed. It was later discovered that they were people of the Radiant Church.”

Juno replied, “There’s such a thing? I thought that the hammer in the Great Hall is just an ordinary one. Does the hammer really have special abilities?”

Billy looked at Juno and said, “I already told you before, that hammer is a Divine Artifact, but you didn’t believe me. Hmph”

After BIlly said this, a Dwarf’s voice was heard from the outside, “Patriarch, I have something to report.”

Billy said, “Come in.”

Then the Dwarf guide from before came in and stared at Juno. Billy frowned and said, “Ian, what’s wrong? Tell me. Don’t worry about Juno, he’s our friend, we don’t need to hide anything from our friend.”

Ian immediately said, “Yes, I’ve been unfair to Mister Juno.” Then he gave a bow to Juno who waved his hand. Then Ian turned his head to Billy and said, “Patriarch, I have something to report about Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai and Mister Juno went to the Divine Palace to pay respects, Mister Zhao Hai said that he had felt pressure from the Divine Artifact. He says that the Artifact is like a fearful existence surpassing 9th rank.”

Juno already heard this from Zhao Hai’s own mouth, so he wasn’t startled by the report. However, when Billy heard Ian’s report, his expression changed immediately, he stood up and looked deeply into Ian’s eyes and said, “Really? Did he say this?”

Ian nodded, “Yes, Patriarch. If you don’t believe me, then you can ask Mister Juno, he was also present at that time.”

Billy turned his head to Juno, Juno didn’t understand why Ian’s words made Billy tense. But he also knew that this wasn’t any small matter, therefore he immediately nodded and said, “Zhao Hai did say that, but I think that he was just cracking a joke. But from what I can see in your expression, it seems like Zhao Hai was telling the truth.”

Upon hearing the confirmation, Billy sat back on his chair as he bitterly smiled and

bitterly smiled and said, “So the legend came true, I didn’t expect that this day would come.”

Juno was confused, he looked at Billy and said, “What’s wrong? Aren’t those just stories?”

Billy waved his hand, making Ian exit first, then he said, “It isn’t that simple, you might have seen Divine Artifacts before, but can you feel their might?”

Juno shook his head and said, “I couldn’t. I can’t even tell that it was a Divine Artifact. So what’s wrong with Zhao Hai knowing the might of Divine Artifacts?”

Billy nodded and said, “It’s because of this, theres a legend in our Dwarf Race related to that Divine Artifact. What you said in the past isn’t wrong, other than our Dwarf Race, no other race can feel that the hammer is a Divine Artifact. Actually, the legend of our Dwarf Race is really a prophecy. The prophecy says that when a person that is not a Dwarf discover the existence of the Divine Artifact, the the entire continent will suffer a catastrophe. However, the person who discovered the Artifact would be the one who would save the entire continent. He would be the saviour of all, the King of Kings.”

Juno stared at Billy, he really cannot convince himself to believe the old Dwarf’s words. Seeing Juno’s expression, Billy bitterly smiled and said, “Besides the Dwarves, no other race knows about this. The exact prophecy goes like this, ‘Recognition of the Divine Artifact, Wilting of the Tree of Life, Ruling the Five Forbidden Areas, Of which the Day of Catastrophe will arrive. The King of all, Hero of Salvation, he shall arrive. Aid the Hero, and the Continent will be saved.’ This meant that when someone other than our Race recognizes the Divine Artifact, and the Elves’ Tree of Life starts to wilt, and also when the Five Forbidden Areas gets conquered, a big disaster shall arrive to the Continent. When the King of all appears and saves the continent, our Dwarf Race would have to follow him and help him save all of the races in the continent.”

Juno was shocked at Billy’s revelation, he said, “Recognizing the Divine Artifact? Drying of the Tree of Life? Conquering the Five Forbidden Areas? Those are related to each other? So you’re saying that Zhao Hai is the person from the prophecy? You and the Elves have contact, what is the situation of their Tree of Life right now?”

Billy shook his head and said, “i don’t really know. But this prophecy came along with the Divine Artifact when it appeared in our race. Our Dwarf Race’s almanac held these words, I don’t think that it’s written by just anyone.”

Juno was speechless. He knew that the Dwarves’ history is much longer than his Hurricane Family. Although the Dwarves have moved several times, their solidarity didn’t disappear. Therefore, their race’s history shouldn’t have been falsely written.





* * *


  












Chapter 571 – Whip

Although Humans are very powerful, much powerful than most races, they were also prone to infighting. Because of this, a lot of their historical records disappeared.

However, Dwarves were different, they were extremely united. Therefore, their historical records were much more complete compared to the Humans. So Juno didn’t even trust the historical records of the Humans.

Juno frowned and said, “But there seems to be no problem with the Elves’ Tree of Life. Also, there hasn’t been any signs of the Forbidden Areas being conquered. I don’t think the things in your book would happen.”

Billy bitterly smiled and said, “I also hope so. Otherwise, huge troubles would come.”

Juno sighed and didn’t say anything more. He also knew that there was nothing they could do right now. They can just have their ears open to news about the Elf’s Tree of Life.

Juno looked at Billy and said, “What are you planning to do with Zhao Hai in the next days?”

Billy smiled and said, “Didn’t I tell him that I’d take him around? Although he discovered the Divine Artifact, the prophecy hasn’t been confirmed yet. We naturally cannot just follow him.”

Juno looked at Billy and said, “If we confirm that the Elves’ Tree of Life has problems, would you really follow him?”

Billy’s eyes reflected his resolve as he nodded and said, “We shall. If we really confirm the prophecy, then my Dwarf Race shall follow him.”

Juno bitterly smiled as he shook his head. Although Billy was his old friend, he cannot understand why Billy would be so resolved to fulfill a prophecy. If the Dwarf Race really followed Zhao Hai, people might see them as a joke.

Zhao Hai didn’t know about these, he was currently with Laura and the others as they followed the guide to a mountain cave. When they arrived, the Dwarf stood on its entrance and said, “Mister, if you need anything, don’t hesitate to call me. You can also stroll around, it doesn’t matter.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he expressed his gratitude to the Dwarf. When





Zhao Hai and the others entered the cave, they couldn’t help but stare. The interior was actually decorated very well.

The whole cave was covered in wooden boards whether it was the walls or the ground, you can’t even see any part of the mountain inside. The whole room was also designed to be suitable for Humans. Even the supplies inside were very carefully prepared for their daily needs.

Laura and the others looked around, they didn’t expect the place to be like this. The cave was separated into three rooms; a living room and two bedrooms. Because the place was all decorated with wood, it had the appearance of a historical dwelling.

Since the sun cannot penetrate inside, the rooms of the cave were all furnished with magic lamps. The lamps were quite good, their light was very gentle, it wasn’t too dazzling.

Laura and the others explored the area before they returned to the living room. Laura smiled and said, “This place is really good. Compared to the Beastmen, this accommodation is much better. It seems like the Dwarves are doing much better compared to the Beastmen.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Naturally. The Buddha Empire doesn’t dare suppress the Dwarves too much. For them, Dwarven products are too important. Moreover, since the Dwarves’ income is much higher than the Beastmen, they wouldn’t need to contact other Humans for a long time.”

Laura nodded and then said, “Brother Hai, I think that the Dwarves are easy to speak with, they even allowed us to stroll around. Do you think we can get to the Elves through the Dwarves?”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and shook his head, “I don’t think so, I think we first need get the trust of the Dwarves. We need to give them the milk wine tomorrow. Also, I didn’t expect them to drink so much. The next batch of delivery is enough to supply the entire mainland.”

Laura smiled and said, “You need to get busy. Although they aren’t as many as the Beastmen, they still had about the same population as





as a Human empire. With their reputation of drinking, it would be hard to supply them with milk wine.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “It looks like we needed to prepare more machines so that Grandpa Green can speed up the production of rice wine and beer. It also seems like the Dwarves preferred beer more.”

Laura was puzzled, “Really? Their tastes are surely strange. But it’s still a good idea to get more machines. Our current production in the winery is just not enough. We also have a shortage of manpower, but I think we should get more people when the lands are fully cultivated.”

Zhao Hai agreed, “I also need to have Lin send the second batch of slaves sooner. As long as we have more slaves, our shortage of manpower would be saved.”

Laura nodded, then she smiled and said, “Brother Hai, why don’t we just have the Undead help work in the wineries? Wouldn’t they count as manpower as well?”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “We could, we have a lot of undead at hand. But if we want to stabilize the clan, depending on the undead is not a good idea. Also, we have new slaves in the Wasteland. I don’t think they would feel good if they see countless undead working.”

At this time, a knock could be heard outside. Meg immediately stood up and opened the door to see a Dwarf standing outside. The Dwarf looked at Meg and bowed, “Please, tell Mister Zhao Hai that the Patriarch is inviting him over for a meal.”

Zhao Hai went over and then smiled to the Dwarf and said, “Alright, then please.” Then he went out of the cave and followed the Dwarf.

The Dwarf lead them to another cave. The cave was very big, making Zhao Hai and the others stare blankly for a moment. Inside the cave were a lot of tables. Beside the tables where Billy and Juno were present, the other tables also had Dwarves in them.

Seeing Zhao Hai come, Billy immediately came to welcome him, “Mister Zhao Hai, please come





please come over. I’ll also have to invite the madames to please sit on that table.” He pointed to the table next to them. The table was filled with Dwarf women, with empty seats among them. It seems like those spots were prepared for Laura and the others.

Laura and the others also knew about customs, so they didn’t decline and after thanking Billy, then went and sat down on their table. Then Zhao Hai went to sit with Billy.

After having settled down, Dwarf women immediately came to serve the food. Zhao Hai also paid attention to the female Dwarves. They weren’t tall, at about 1.4m in height. But their statures were very good, they looked quite skilled in the crafts, their skin might be brown, but they look dull of vitality. One could see that they were quite healthy.

Zhao Hai also inspected the dishes on the table. They’re very good, there were some meat as well as vegetables. There were even some dishes that Zhao Hai cannot recognize, it seems like these were unique to the Dwarves.

Then Billy poured Zhao Hai a glass of liquor. This liquor was actually Zhao Hai’s milk wine. Ever since milk wine appeared on the continent, the Dwarves had been buying them in bulk. Since they wanted to entertain someone like Zhao Hai, naturally they cannot serve him potato wine.

After pouring wine for himself, Billy raised his glass to Zhao Hai and said, “I’ll represent the Dwarf Race to welcome Mister Zhao Hai. I hope that our cooperation would become smooth in the future.”

Zhao Hai also raised his glass and smiled, “That is for certain.” Then they drank the wine. Billy immediately turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, please have a taste of our dishes, I hope you take a liking to them.”

Zhao Hai wasn’t polite, he immediately took his knife and fork and tasted the dishes on the table. The dishes of the Dwarves tasted very good, Zhao Hai cannot help but nod and said, “This is very good. It’s different from Human dishes, but

Human dishes, but it’s very delicious.”

Billy laughed and said, “It’s good that you liked it. Mister Zhao Hai, I heard that when you visited the Divine Palace, you said that the Divine Artifact isn’t ordinary. I want to ask if you can really feel it?”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that Billy would ask him about this. However, he also knew that it wasn’t impossible to hide this matter. It was because Juno as well as the Dwarf guide had already heard him saying this. Therefore, he didn’t conceal the truth, he nodded and said, “Of course, there’s no problem.”

Then Zhao Hai wrinkled his brows and said, “How should I describe it? When I first saw the hammer I also thought that it was ordinary. However, immediately after that, I felt a huge pressure coming from it. I thought that the pressure was coming from the Great Hall, however, it actually came from the hammer. Moreover, I felt that it seems to be like an expert, even more formidable than 9th rank experts.”

After that, Zhao Hai put out his hand and unraveled Mu’er who was on his waist and showed it to Billy, “This whip came from my Brother, the Herculean Bull Patriarch, gave to me. It’s called the Beast King’s whip, it’s a very powerful weapon. Without even using Battle Qi or Magic, it can contend against 9th rank experts. But I can feel that the hammer at your Great Hall is much more formidable than this whip.

Billy stared at the the whip on Zhao Hai’s hand. He received the whip and took a closer look at it. He had never seen this whip before, but he can feel a pressure coming from it. It might not be as strong as the hammer, but Billy can feel that it was there.

Not only Billy, but Juno was also inspecting the whip. Like Billy, Juno also felt the pressure from the whip. Juno felt like he wasn’t looking at a whip, but instead a powerful living creature that was a 9th rank expert.





* * *


  












Chapter 572 – Asking for Help

For a weapon to feel like this made Juno startled. He had not come across such a matter.

But when Billy looked at the whip, his two eyes shined, after some time, he gave the whip back to Zhao Hai and then said, “I’ll be impolite and ask Mister, does this whip have an Artifact Spirit?”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect Billy to know about the existence of Artifact Spirits. But since he knew that there was no point in hiding anything from Billy, he nodded and said, “Yes.”

Billy was moved, he stood up and pulled Zhao Hai outwards. Before he walked out, he instructed the Dwarves, “Bring the food to my room, I have a matter to discuss with Mister Zhao Hai. Old friend, you go with us as well.”

Juno naturally followed Billy and Zhao Hai. He also wanted to know what this was about. Laura and the others were also puzzled as they looked at the three, but they didn’t go and follow.

Before long, the three people arrived at Billy’s room. This was Billy’s personal room, not a place for him to work in. The room was a standard room for Dwarves. It wasn’t very big, it had a living room, a bedroom, and a small comfort room, it seems like it was used for washing.

After the three had sat on the living room, Billy immediately looked at Zhao Hai and said, “The Artifact Spirit of the whip, can it materialize?”

Zhao Hai gawked, Mu’er can indeed materialize, but he hasn’t shown Mu’er’s form to an outsider before. But Billy was knowledgeable, knowing not only about Artifact Spirits but also materialization.

After weighing the pros and cons, Zhao Hai decided to show it to Billy. Billy immediately pulled him over to his room as soon as he found out about the Artifact spirit, so naturally he didn’t want other to know about it. Zhao Hai trusted Juno as well, Juno wasn’t someone who would reveal people’s secrets.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes.”

Billy’s expression turned even more serious, his beard seemed to shake. Then he looked at





Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, can I ask you to let me see the Artifact Spirit?” His voice seem to be out of tune.

Zhao Hai didn’t understand why Billy was so moved. But he knew that Billy treated this matter seriously, therefore he nodded and said, “Alright.” Then Zhao Hai held the whip and said, “Mu’er come out.”

Just after Zhao Hai’s voice fell, Mu’er’s figure slowly appeared on top of the whip. As usual, Mu’er had the appearance of a little boy. After he materialized, Mu’er immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, you called me.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This is the Dwarf Race’s Patriarch Billy and this is Hurricane Family’s Patriarch Juno, go give them respects.”

Mu’er turned to look at Billy and Juno and then bowed slightly and said, “Mu’er has seen the two Patriarchs.”

Billy and Juno looked at Mu’er, Juno hasn’t seen this matter before, but Billy was startled, he didn’t expect Mu’er to be intelligent. It can actually talk like a Human with them, this was out of his imagination.

In the Dwarf records regarding Artifact Spirits, it said that Artifact Spirits had gained Spiritual Wisdom. It can listen to their master’s words, but it was impossible for them to be intelligent. Therefore, the appearance of Mu’er made Billy, who was quite knowledgeable in this area, quite startled.

After some time, Billy recovered, however his shocked face was till facing Mu’er. His mouth opened and closed repeatedly, as if he didn’t know what to say.

At the same time, Juno was also shocked at Mu’er, he didn’t think that a whip can actually speak with them. He hadn’t heard of such a matter.

Zhao Hai looked at Billy and smiled faintly, “Patriarch Billy, you hadn’t said anything. Is something wrong?”

At this time, a knock was heard from outside. Zhao Hai immediately retrieved Mu’er as Billy and Juno sobered up. Billy then said, “Come in.”

Then Dwarves came in and delivered some tableware and dishes to Zhao Hai and the others before they bowed and left.

After the Dwarves left, Billy had completely recovered his composure. When the three had sat





sat down, Billy immediately drank some liquor before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Is the Artifact Spirit already present when you acquired the whip?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It was. But he cannot do materialization at that time, and he wasn’t intelligent as well. Later on, I used a secret method to make him materialize and become intelligent.”

When Billy heard Zhao Hai, he lost grip of his cup as it fell down to the ground. He looked straight into Zhao Hai’s eyes with unbelieving expression as he said, “You, you, you said that you used a secret method to make the Artifact Spirit materialize?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “It’s true. Mu’er wasn’t like this at first. But after I used my secret method, he was able to materialize and become what he is right now.”

Billy stood up, then he walked back and forth. After two laps, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Can I ask Mister for a favor?”

Zhao Hai stared, he was puzzled as he asked, “Patriarch, please say it.”

Billy sat down and looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister has also seen my race’s Divine Artifact. I suspect that it also has an Artifact Spirit inside. Although the Artifact can also communicate with us right now, it was only limited to simple reactions. I want to ask mister to use his secret method and make our Divine Artifact just like your whip. Can you do this?”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect Bill to request this of him. He thought for a moment and then said, “I’m still not sure if I can succeed, I can only try. If I become unsuccessful, I hope Patriarch doesn’t blame me.”

Billy became glad as he replied, “That’s not strange, not strange at all, so there’s no reason to blame you. Mister can rest assure. When can mister do it?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Tonight, bring the Divine Artifact to my dwelling and make sure nobody disturbs me. If I succeed tomorrow, then it’s good. If I dont, no matter how much time I’m given, I’m unlikely to succeed.”

Billy was elated, “Good, Mister can





Mister can rest assured, I’ll have everything prepared immediately.” Then he didn’t say anything else as he went outside.

Seeing the excited Billy, Juno turned to Zhao Hai and smiled, “Little Hai, you’re really good, helping the Dwarves so much. But what is this Artifact Spirit?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This Artifact Spirit is actually a unique kind of spirit. It’s just like Lich that has been summoned by a Dark Mage. Because it has some kind of soul, it held resentment and reason. Artifact Spirits manifest in weapons, after a very long time, that weapon would slowly form its own consciousness which would in turn become a Spirit Body. However, this Spirit Body wouldn’t be able to separate itself from the weapon, like how a person’s soul cannot leave its body. I have a method to make this Spirit Body more powerful, this is how Mu’er appeared.”

Juno nodded, Zhao Hai explained it to him in terms that he could understand, but he still couldn’t feel how formidable these Artifact Spirits were. Therefore, the two just stayed and drank as they chatted along.

Meanwhile, Billy has actually been very busy. He used haste in inviting the elders of the Dwarf Race, then he expressed Mu’er’s existence to them and telling them about his plan.

Like Billy, the elders were moved, the Divine Artifact was very important to the Dwarves. If the Divine Artifact can manifest its Artifact Spirit, then the Dwarves would benefit a lot from it.

The elders immediately agreed to Billy’s plan. They believed that Billy wouldn’t deceive them with regards of this matter. Seeing the elders simultaneously agreeing, Billy immediately had them group up inside the Great Hall. He and the elders bathed themselves and changed their clothes as they prepared to hand their Divine Artifact over to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn’t know about any of these, after eating his meal with Juno, he immediately returned to his room. At this time, Laura and the others were already back, when they saw Zhao Hai, they immediately greeted them as Laura asked, “Brother Hai, what happened? What did the Dwarf Patriarch call you for?

call you for? He looked very worried.”

Zhao Hai nodded and smiled, “It’s about the hammer in their Divine Palace, that this is the Divine Artifact of the Dwarves. The hammer also had its own Artifact Spirit, just like Mu’er, however, the spirit is very weak. The Dwarves wanted me to have their Divine Artifact be improved to the level of Mu’er. I agreed to try.”

Laura nodded and said, “So it’s that. So, are you confident?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m really not. But I think that the Space would be able to improve the spirit. If we help the Dwarves, then they would surely think of us as true friends. When the time comes where we need to get in contact with the Elves, then they might lend us a helping hand.”

Megan smiled and said, “That’s great. I really wanted to go and visit the Elves. I heard that all of them were extraordinarily attractive, and they were born artists. I wanted to see what they are like.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Rest assured, we will have the opportunity to do so. I think that the Dwarves are getting prepared right now. I told them to not disturb me this evening, I can’t just let them feel like I’ve done it quite easily.”

Lizzy frowned, “But Big Brother Hai, does Mister Juno know?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “He knows, but it’s fine. With his relationship with the Dwarves, I don’t think that he would tell anyone. If he reveals Mu’er as well as the Dwarves’ Divine Artifact, then he would be offending the entire Dwarf Race, he wouldn’t want to do that. Also, even if other people knew about Mu’er, they still can’t do anything about it, given the Buda Clan’s present strength.”

Laura nodded, “Brother Hai is right. It’s much more important to help the Dwarves and make friends with them. I support Brother Hai’s decision.”

Lizzy also nodded. Just like Zhao Hai said, even if the other people knew about Mu’er, how many of them would want to offend the Buda Clan? With the Buda Clan’s present strength, they aren’t afraid of anyone.





* * *


  












Chapter 573 – Divine Realm?

The skies outside slowly became dark. While the other Dwarves were heading home, they were still clueless about what Billy was planning to do. Billy didn’t want this matter to be known to a lot of people, therefore, he didn’t announce it.

Zhao Hai didn’t walk around, he just stayed in his room while waiting for Billy to arrive. When the skies turned completely black, Billy and the other elders arrived at Zhao Hai’s room.

After Zhao Hai asked them to come inside, Billy carefully and with full respect, lowered the hammer towards the table. Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this is our race’s Divine Artifact, we must ask for your help.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ll do my best. Please help me maintain the conditions outside. Laura, you and the others please assist me.”

Laura and the others complied and cleaned the table, leaving a big area for the hammer. Upon seeing this arrangement, Billy’s group immediately said their goodbyes and then went outside. The group didn’t move far away, they just stood at the distance, waiting for Zhao Hai. Naturally, they were also prepared to guard Zhao Hai’s dwelling this night.

After Billy’s group left, Zhao Hai immediately held the hammer as he flashed to the Space with Laura and the others. Upon entering the Space, a prompt was then heard, “Item with weak Spirit detected, strengthening the Item’s Spirit.” Then Zhao Hai saw the hammer flash with red light as a figure slowly appeared in front of him.

Zhao Hai gawked, he discovered that the tone of the Space has changed compared to the last time when it upgraded Mu’er. But after he thought about it, the Space had already been upgraded many times, and it also had acquired new abilities and had become more magical, therefore, it was natural for it to change its tone.

The Space was acting like program before, but now it’s speech had gotten much smoother. This was good for Zhao Hai, now he was really anticipating how the Space would evolve in the future.

At this time, the figure had almost completed its appearance, which also stemmed Zhao Hai’s anticipation. It seems like the hammer’s Artifact Spirit was a Dwarf.

The Dwarf looked at Zhao Hai and then said, “Who are you? You’re not a Dwarf, why can you awaken me?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he understood that this Artifact Spirit was more advanced than Mu’er, it might also know something. So Zhao Hai immediately said, “Hello, I am a friend to the Dwarves. I have a method to make you materialize, therefore they asked me to help you do it.”

The Artifact Spirit nodded. And at this time, a prompt was heard from the Space, “Spirit is not willing to submit





to the Host, the Space will subdue it!” And as the prompt ended, a bunch of white light suddenly wrapped the Dwarf Artifact Spirit. The Spirit roared for a moment before it turned silent. After the white light vanished, the Dwarf was seen again, respectfully standing in front of Zhao Hai this time.

Zhao Hai was shocked when the heard the Space’s prompt. He wasn’t expecting the Space to help him subdue the Artifact Spirit. He stood there in a daze, waiting for the Space to finish.

Zhao Hai looked at the respectful Artifact Spirit in front of him and couldn’t help but smile bitterly. If the Dwarves were to know that he had subdued their Divine Artifact’s Spirit, won’t they get offended?

While he was bitterly smiling, Zhao Hai looked at the Artifact Spirit and said, “What is your name? Do you remember anything?”

The Artifact Spirit respectfully answered Zhao Hai, “Yes, my name is Iron Hammer. My master is the Artisan God Hom. I was sent by master to the lower realm in order to protect the Dwarves.”

Zhao Hai stared, he was confused, so he looked at Iron Hammer and said, “Lower Realm? What’s that?”

Iron Hammer replied, “Lower Realm refers to the world where beings like humans lived in, the Ark Continent. The Ark Continent is only a plane, a single plane among many in this universe. I came from a place called the Divine Realm. Ten thousand years ago, my master was the most powerful warrior and skilled artisan in the Dwarf Race. When he broke through and reached godhood, he went to the Divine Realm. But in order for the Dwarves to live well, he sent me back and act as the race’s Divine Artifact and protect the Dwarves.”

Zhao Hai was shocked, he didn’t think that this universe would have a Divine Realm, moreover, there were actually Gods.

After some time, Zhao Hai looked at Iron Hammer and then said, “Is there really a Divine Realm? Does that Realm have many Gods?”

Iron Hammer nodded and then continued, “The current elemental density in the continent is very low. But tens of thousands of years ago, it’s density was very high. At that time, people were strong, and there were a lot of 9th rank experts. After passing 9th rank, one would reach godhood. As long as one becomes a God, one could break through the space and reach the Divine Realm, where the elemental density is much higher than here. There are also natives in the Divine Realm. They were immediately 5th rank when they are born. When they reach adulthood, they would reach the power of a 9th rank expert. With enough training, it wouldn’t be difficult for them to become Gods or even stronger.”

Zhao Hai listened to Iron Hammer’s words, he





he really wasn’t expecting any of these. Then Iron Hammer spoke again, “In the beginning, these natives looked down on those who came from the Ark Continent, causing both sides to repeatedly wage war with each other. In the end, the experts from the Ark Continent went into an alliance, slowly solidifying their footing in the Divine Realm. Later on, they became connected to the natives through inter-marriages, and they fully integrated with each other. However, a time came when Human Gods and the Gods of other races came into conflict. Humans prepared to have a God of their own to descend and kill the descendants of the other races. But since it was difficult for a God to descend to lower realms, they used Divine Power in order to break the Space, sending that God to the continent. However, my Master and the others found out about the plan of the Humans. But since they don’t have a means to make a God descend, they opted to send weapons capable of dealing with that God instead. Therefore, me, along with the Beast God’s Spear, and the Spirit God’s Bow, were sent to the Dwarves, Beastmen, and Elves respectively, making the three races unite together in order to deal with the Human god. With the three of us, the races fought with that God, injuring him in the process, making him return to the Divine Realm. But since the three of us were heavily damaged, we cannot go back. So we returned to our respective races and became their Divine Protectors.”

Zhao Hai and the others were quite startled by all of these. They didn’t expect a conflict of this scale to have happened in the continent tens of thousands of years ago.

Zhao Hai immediately said, “How about the five Forbidden Lands and the Demon Realm? Do you know anything about those?”

Iron Hammer nodded and said, “I know. The Five Forbidden Lands were originally major dwelling places of the races in the continent, they were also protecting a magical formation. When the God descended to the lower realm and waged war with the races, these major cities were destroyed. But along with their destruction, the formation was also destroyed, connecting the Ark Continent with the Demon Realm. The Demon Realm is another place, it’s living conditions were very bad. When the people from the Demon Realm discovered that the conditions in the Ark Continent were very good, their greed immediately seeped in. They sent an army to the Ark Continent to invade it, but was also repelled by the joint alliance of all the races. When the Demons retreated, the cracks on those major cities were still left behind, making the barrier on those places quite thin. This would explain the times where





times where some creatures from the Demon realm would emerge from those places, making it their territory.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “If the barrier between the Demon Realm and the Ark Continent is easily passed through, they why is the barrier to the Divine Realm so difficult to break? Are the people in the Divine Realm not strong enough?”

Iron Hammer shook his head and said, “Not necessarily. Each place has its own unique rules. The Ark Continent is also the same, here, the rules state that God ranked experts cannot stay for a long time. It would be impossible for Gods to stay here for more than six months. This rule made it easy for people to leave the continent and head to the Divine Realm compared to going back. Because of this, not only would it be difficult for person to descend from the Divine Realm, it would also be difficult for them to stay. But since the Demon Realm is on the same level as the Ark Continent, the barrier between the two of them is thinner. However, God ranked experts of the Demon Realm were also similarly restricted by the Ark Continent’s rules. Therefore, only experts below God-ranked were able to come and invade the continent in the previous war.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “So as you say, the Demon Realm is not like the Divine Realm but the same as the Ark Continent? Also, if the Ark continent doesn’t allow God-level experts to stay, why are you still here?”

Iron Hammer replied, “We’re only weapons, not experts. People would need to use us first in order to display our power. The stronger the person, the stronger the power we can display. During the war, 9th rank experts needed to join up in order to use me to go against the God-ranked invader.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he now had more understanding about this matter. Iron Hammer was actually from the Divine Realm. Zhao Hai looked at Iron Hammer and said, “Do you have any information about the Divine Realm that you can tell me?”

Iron Hammer nodded and said, “Young Master, the Divine Realm is divided into 13 regions, the largest of which is the central continent. Then remaining 12 continents were placed around the central continent and they were named; Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Capricorn, Aquarius, and Pisces Continents. The way that people from the Divine Realm cultivate is much different that the Ark Continent. The main practice in here is related or offshoots of Magic and Battle Qi. But in the Divine Realm, the people practice Origin Force, which is much more formidable compared to Magic and Battle Qi. Moreover, the weapons that were used in the Divine Realm all had their own Artifact Spirits, one could also

one could also remotely control them, increasing their might.”

Zhao Hai nodded, but his mood was heavy. It seems like there are more formidable people in the Divine Realm compared to the Ark Continent. If those people from the Divine Realm were to invade, what would he do?

Most importantly, Zhao Hai was worried. If he goes to the Divine Realm in the future, will the Space still be able to protect him?

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai felt that he needed to increase his strength more. He immediately looked at Iron Hammer and said, “Iron Hammer, when you’ve been on the continent, did you come upon any good things?”

Iron Hammer nodded and said, “I have. The last battle with that God-ranked expert was actually here, in Dwarf Mountain. There is a place deep in the mountains where the God was injured and had his blood spill out. Blood of a God-ranked being is very precious, its full of energy. If ordinary people touch it, they would explode. Therefore, that place has become a forbidden area for the Dwarves.”

Zhao Hai’s two eyes lit up. If people explode when interacting with that energy, then what would the Space’s reaction be?

The Space needed a lot of things to be upgraded. Zhao Hai still wasn’t sure if a God’s blood would be able to level up the Space. But even if it can’t, it would surely bring a lot of benefits to its environment.

Moreover, after Zhao Hai listened to Iron Hammer’s testimony, he suddenly remembered the time when Zhao Wen first entered the Space. Zhao Wen told him that she became a 9th rank expert shortly after drinking some kind of red liquid. Could the liquid that Zhao Wen had drank be the blood of a God-ranked expert?

However, Zhao Hai changed his mind. If Zhao Wen did drink the blood of a God-ranked expert, then she should have already exploded. People weren’t able to withstand that kind of energy, much less a Blood Devouring Mosquito.

But Zhao Hai also thought of another possibility. It might have been a God-ranked expert’s blood, but it might be a diluted version of it. This would explain how Zhao Wen was able to withstand such energy.

The more he thought about it, the more Zhao Hai was convinced of his theory. If this was indeed true, then the more he was eager to get it. Perhaps they can find a way to make 9th rank experts with this method.

After thinking about these, Zhao Hai turned to Iron Hammer and said, “Iron Hammer, you stay here and protect the Dwarves. They still don’t know that you have submitted to me. Right, as far as the matter with the Divine Realm is concerned, do refrain from telling the Dwarves about it for now, understand?”





* * *


  












Chapter 574 – Eternal Friend

Iron Hammer nodded and said, “Yes, Young Master, I understand.”

Zhao Hai also nodded and said, “Protect the Dwarves properly, don’t let any trouble come to them, I don’t want to worry. Just tell them that the Gods had sent you as a weapon to protect the Dwarf Race, no need to tell anything about the Gods, understood?”

Iron Hammer nodded, “Young Master can rest assured, this one would surely not tell anyone.”

Zhao Hai gave a nod and then released Mu’er and told him, “That’s great, I’ll be resting now. Mu’er, stay with Iron Hammer for a while, tell him about the Space.”

Mu’er complied, then Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space to rest. Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid that Iron Hammer would reveal the Space. Iron Hammer was already subdued by the Space, so it was impossible for him to betray it.

The night passed by silently as Zhao Hai and the others took a good rest inside the Space. On the other hand, Billy and the others were wide awake, all of them were anxiously guarding Zhao Hai’s cave, not allowing anyone to approach it at this time. They were afraid that an accident might happen. This matter was truly very important to their race.

The next morning, Zhao Hai and the others got up and washed themselves before they reappeared inside the cave. After taking care of the layout of the room, Zhao Hai opened his door and allowed Billy and the others to come in. Upon entering the cave, the Dwarves were nervously looking at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he held Iron Hammer in both of his hand and said. “Good fortune truly follows the Dwarf Race. I ask Patriarch Billy to take a look.”

Billy’s hands were shaking as he received Iron Hammer. Then he bowed to Zhao Hai, “Mister’s great kindness would surely go unforgotten by our Dwarf Race. I ask mister to take a rest first, we’ll take care of the Artifact ourselves.” Zhao Hai nodded. Then Billy and the others left the room.

With Iron Hammer in his arms, Billy, along with the other elders, returned to the Divine Palace. Right after placing Iron Hammer on its place and asking all unrelated people to go out, Billy went to Iron





Hammer and respectfully said, “I ask Sir Iron Hammer to come out!”

After his voice fell, Iron Hammer slowly appeared in front of the Dwarves. “Dwarf Patriarch, I’ve always been conscious all these years, so I know about all the Dwarf’s matters. However, I wasn’t able to materialize until now. Let me tell you about my origin. I am the Artisan God’s weapon, tens of thousands of years ago, when he was about to ascend, he was worried about the well-being of the race, so he decided to leave me behind to protect it. But I was injured in a war, so I can only recuperate in my hammer form, cannot come out. I’m fortunate that someone with skill managed to assist me. But the thing that I can still do is protect the Dwarves, I can’t do anything else for you.”

The reason why Iron Hammer dared say this was because in the war tens of thousands of years ago with the descended God, the historical records of various nations have vanished. This was the reason why the Dwarves didn’t have any record of Iron Hammer’s appearance in their race. The only thing that they know was that Iron Hammer was their Divine Protector. Therefore, Iron Hammer told this fact to Billy which would also make the latter not ask about any matters in the Divine Realm.

He can tell Billy that he came from the Divine Realm, but he didn’t want to tell them about the Divine Realm. At the same time, Billy and the others didn’t dare to ask anymore. Iron Hammer is their Divine Artifact, so they treated Iron Hammer with the respect that they would give their God. They wouldn’t dare to scrutinize the words of their Divine Protector.

Billy and the others respectfully nodded. Then Iron Hammer said, “I’ve already talked about this next matter with Mister Zhao Hai. He helped me in a big way this time, so I decided to give him a gift. The things in the Forbidden Land would be given to Mister Zhao Hai.”

Billy stared, naturally he knew about the Forbidden Land in Iron Mountain. That place was a red pool which stenched of blood. As long as a person gets in contact with that liquid, they would explode and perish. Therefore, it





it was named Forbidden Land. How could the Artifact Spirit give such a place to Zhao Hai?

Iron Hammer looked at Billy and said, “That thing is useless to the Dwarves. But Mister Zhao Hai has uses for it, so I decided to just give it to him. Mister Zhao Hai also needed some special Magic beasts and Plants, we must make sure that our Dwarf Race helps him in this matter in the future. There’s no other way for us to repay his benevolence.”

After Iron Hammer told them about these, he looked at Billy and said, “Alright, you still have a lot of things to do as a Patriarch. As long as the Dwarves don’t experience a huge difficulty, I won’t be coming out. You can now retreat.” Then his body slowly vanished into the small hammer.

Billy and the others were fully obedient towards Iron Hammer, so they also turned around to leave. Although they were extremely happy, they also knew that this matter needed to be known to as few people as possible. If a lot of people knew about Iron Hammer, then it wouldn’t be good for the Dwarf Race.

Billy and the others returned to their conference room to work. Billy strictly instructed the other elders that they absolutely should not tell this matter to others.

After discussing this, Billy sat there and looked at the elders and said, “For the Divine Artifact to materialize is all thanks to Mister Zhao Hai. We should also keep this matter from the others, otherwise, we would be doing Mister Zhao Hai a disservice. Moreover, I’ll be sending word later telling everyone that Mister Zhao Hai is our race’s genuine friend. Everyone should respect him, does everyone have any ideas?”

The other elders shook his head, they don’t have any other opinion. Zhao Hai has truly helped them out. They already see Zhao Hai as a true friend.

Seeing that nobody disagreed, Billy continued, “Good, I’ll spread the word later on. Right, have people collect some special Magic beasts and Plants as well. Since Mister needs these things, then we should do our best to help him out.”

The other elders agreed, then they turned around to leave. Billy also changed his clothes as he walked to Zhao Hai’s room. When he was outside Zhao Hai’s





Zhao Hai’s cave, Billy felt hesitant, he thought that Zhao Hai was very exhausted of what just happened, so it was possible that he was resting at this time. He didn’t know if disturbing Zhao Hai would be appropriate this time.

At this moment, Zhao Hai opened the room and walked out, he looked at Billy and said, “Patriarch Billy, come in.”

Billy gave Zhao Hai a small nod before entering Zhao Hai’s room. Upon entering, Billy was about to give Zhao Hai a bow before Zhao Hai stopped him hastily and said, “Patriarch Billy is too polite, there’s no need to do so.”

Billy looked grateful at Zhao Hai and said, “We’re very lucky this time due to Mister’s help. Otherwise, Sir Artifact Spirit wouldn’t be able to materialize. Our Dwarf Race would be forever grateful to mister.”

After Zhao Hai invited Billy to sit down, he smiled and said, “Patriarch is too serious, I just happen to have this ability, so since I was able to help, there’s no reason to not do so. Patriarch doesn’t need to take it seriously, I also see the Dwarves as my friends. Helping a friend is no big deal.”

Billy looked at Zhao Hai in gratitude as he said, “Mister is truly a friend. Rest assured, Mister’s Buda Clan would be our Dwarf Race’s Eternal Friends. Right, I’ll have to invite Mister to eat. After the meal, I’ll be taking mister to our Dwarves’ Forbidden Land. Sir Artifact Spirit told us to give the things in the Forbidden Land to mister.”

Zhao Hai nodded and in embarrassment he said, “I’m ashamed to be in front of Patriarch. My family’s refining master is truly curious about these things. Since I have Space equipments, I can handle those things. Sir Artifact Spirit also told me that those things are useless to the Dwarves, so I thickened my face to ask for them.”

Billy smiled and said, “Mister doesn’t need to say anything more. The Blood Pond in the Forbidden Land is truly poisonous. As long as one comes in contact with it, their body would surely explode. Keeping that thing here is only a disaster waiting to happen. For mister to take them away is akin to helping us erase an evil, this is enough to make us happy. As the matter

As the matter stands, it’s us who have been unfair to mister. If Mister has any need for our assistance in the future, then please don’t hesitate to send word.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then I would take Patriarch’s words at heart, this Zhao Hai’s gratefulness is endless.”

Billy laughed and then said, “Mister should not be polite. Mister, let’s walk and have a meal. After that, we’ll go to the Blood Pond. I also had the others collect Magic Beasts and Plants for mister. I believe that they could deliver those to mister soon. This is a sign of our gratitude.”

Zhao Hai also knew that if he declines or offer something in compensation, he would seem ingenuine and in turn making Billy unhappy. This was one of the differences between Humans and Dwarves. Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t decline, he just smiled and said, “Then I have to thank the Patriarch.”

Seeing Zhao Hai receive their gifts, Billy immediately became happy and then said, “Mister is too polite, right, let’s get going and have a meal.” Then he pulled Zhao Hai towards the Dining Hall.

Laura and the others also followed them out. At the same time, they also met Juno along the way. Billy invited Juno for a meal as well. Although Zhao Hai was his new friend, his many years of friendship with Juno isn’t something to be forgotten.

Seeing Billy’s expression, Juno knew that yesterday’s matter had gone very smoothly. Juno couldn’t help but be surprised at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai seemed to be much more mysterious in his mind. At the same time, Juno also resolved himself to establish a relationship with Zhao Hai. Not only because of him saving Kristen, but also because of Zhao Hai’s abilities.

The Hurricane Family was strong by themselves, but the reason why they had their influence was because of their relationship with others. They didn’t offend anyone, whether it be the Buddha Empire or the other Nobles, all of them had good relationships with the family. This was the reason why the Hurricane Family can settle down and live with their current lifestyle.

And since Zhao Hai was the Patriarch of the emerging Buda Clan, his power and influence in the continent had become very powerful. This kind of person wasn’t someone that Juno doesn’t want to neglect.





* * *


  












Chapter 575 – Forbidden Land

After the group arrived at the Dining Hall, Zhao Hai discovered that although there were still people in the hall, it wasn’t as many as yesterday. Moreover, the hall before had young Dwarves in it, but this time, only old ones were present.

After Billy introduced them, Zhao Hai understood that they were the elders of the race. Zhao Hai didn’t dare neglect their presence, so he immediately gave them a salute.

The other elders were also very polite to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai, Billy, and the others were sitting on one table. On the other hand, Laura and the others sat on the another table along with similar aged Dwarves.

This Dwarf custom of also inviting the companions of a guests to a dinner was something that Zhao Hai liked very much.

While the group sat down and ate, the elders kept urging Zhao Hai to drink. However, Zhao Hai didn’t want to, drinking during the day was something that he doesn’t do. But since he was been given hospitality, he couldn’t help but drink a few glasses.

Juno has been watching Zhao Hai getting along with the Dwarf elders. Although Zhao Hai had given the Dwarves a huge favor, there was no change in Zhao Hai’s temperament. He was still very respectful to the elders, just like how he acted before. It was as if nothing happened.

This made Juno settle on Zhao Hai. There were very few people on the continent that were like Zhao Hai. One must know that the Dwarves were viewed by other Humans as a different type of people. Because of this, every time a Human interacts with a Dwarf, they would always fish for huge benefits from them. At the same time, Humans were also looking down on the Dwarves. [1] Therefore, general Humans, even if they benefited from the Dwarves, wouldn’t act the same as what Zhao Hai was doing.

After eating their meal, Zhao Hai didn’t go to the Forbidden Lands along with Billy immediately. He first returned to his room and drank one cup of Spatial Water to sober himself up. Only after that did he come out of his room.

Billy and Juno





were currently sitting inside Billy’s cave. When a Dwarf led Zhao Hai to the cave, the two who were chatting immediately stood up.

Zhao Hai quickly asked the two to sit down, then he bitterly smiled and said, “I’ll be frank to you two, my alcohol capacity is too limited. Since I drank some glasses, I needed to return to my room to drink something in order to sober up.

Drinks for sobering up was quite common in the continent, especially to the Nobles. Offering and receiving hospitality in the Human lands also involved some sort of drinking. Since being drunk is uncomfortable, the people in the continent asked some potion masters to make them something that can sober them up.

Billy didn’t care about it, he just smiled faintly and said, “it’s no big deal. We Dwarves are already used to it. Haha. Mister, let’s head to the Forbidden Land.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright.”

Billy nodded, and then he stood up, Juno stood up as well. It seems like he intended to come along with Zhao Hai. Seeing Billy’s expression, it seems like there was no problem. This was understandable, after all, Juno was an extremely trustworthy person, and he already knew quite a bit about this matter. Even if one doesn’t tell him anything, he would still know of it sooner or later. As the matter stands, it’s much better to just tell Juno everything in order to not lose his trust.

Billy led Zhao Hai and the others out of the cave and then walked towards another underground river channel. They sat on a boat and then proceeded to travel along the Iron Mountains.

The Dwarves’ Iron Mountains was quite big, but the Dwarves were smart. As soon as they discovered this underground river system, the immediately utilized it to be their transportation channel. When they came to know that this underground system spanned the entirety of the mountains, it became an important line for the entire Dwarf race, which made their travel much more convenient.

The speed of their boat was very fast. After two hours, the group disembarked on a pier. This pier was quite empty and wasn’t as busy as the others.





others. There weren’t any other ships present here at all. After Billy got of the boat, he had a Dwarf wait for them here and went towards the area where the pier was connected to.

The mountain that the pier was located in was just like any other Dwarf Mountain. It seems like this was where the Forbidden Land was, otherwise, there wouldn’t be much absence of Dwarves here.

Zhao Hai was now very amazed at these Dwarves. The map of the Dwarf Mountains were now almost mapped out in the Space. Seeing the display made Zhao Hai feel how extraordinary this race was.

With how long the Dwarves have lived in these mountains, the mountains seemed to become their own underground world. The underground water system looks like an enormous spider web, connecting Dwarves from various mountains together. How much work was needed to do this? Yet the Dwarves were able to accomplish this task, it was unfathomable.

The people came out of the mountain and was placed outside a small canyon outside the mountain. The Dwarves has built some fences made of wood around this canyon. It seems like they didn’t want people to go and enter the canyon.

Zhao Hai investigated the canyon. It wasn’t very big, about a thousand square meters. The middle of this canyon was a several square meter pool. But the water in this pool was actually blood. Moreover, this canyon didn’t have any plants, the stones in this canyon seemed to turn reddish due to the pool’s liquid.

Whether it was Zhao Hai or Juno, both of them felt a massive pressure coming from the pool. Zhao Hai even felt that this pressure was something much stronger than Iron Hammer’s.

Billy stood at the mouth of the mountain’s cave and stared at the canyon before he sighed and said, “I didn’t know when this mountain canyon has started to exist. When we Dwarves came here, this place already existed. We immediately named it as a Forbidden Place not just because of the blood pool, but also because of those red stones. Once someone touched those stones, their bodies would turn violent before they died. We also intended to study this place, but





place, but our findings always turn out nothing.”

After introducing the place, Billy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I’ll be clear to you. We’ve dug the places around this canyon and found that there are large volumes of high yield iron ore present here. It’s enough for our race to use for centuries. But because of this place, we didn’t dare to exploit that resource.”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the blood of a God-ranked expert would have such a huge energy. Even the stones cannot be touched. Zhao Hai immediately said, “Good, good, this is very good.”

Zhao Hai opened the wooden fence and then walked towards the canyon. Billy also followed behind him and said after a while, “Mister, as long as you don’t touch those stones directly, you will be alright. However, the pool isn’t good. Even if you wore gloves, you would still perish. I ask mister to be very careful.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he stood at the canyon and then looked around. The position that he was standing in right now was something like a cut-off point. If one proceeded for one step, they would be stepping on red stone. But as long as his skin doesn’t touch it, he would be alright.

Zhao Hai took a deep breath, and then with an intention, he absorbed the land in front of him into the Space, including the stones. He made a margin in his action, just in case the stone can influence those around him, so he also dug up about a meter deep.

Since the canyon was almost composed of Iron Ore, he didn’t dare to dig any deeper. Upon seeing that there were no traces of red stones on the ground, Zhao Hai nodded in satisfaction.

On the other hand, Billy and Juno were staring at Zhao Hai with shock. They didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be able to do this. Both of them had seen the big world, and they both arrived at the same conclusion, Space-related Divergent Ability!

Divergent Abilities were already very strange things in the continent. But there was one kind of ability that was very difficult to ponder over, and those were Space Divergent Abilities.

Space Divergent Abilities. It wasn’t only because this type of ability was very rare, it was also because this ability was far too different from the other abilities, people weren’t able to research it.

Sharing this fame with Space Divergent Abilities were Space Magics. Although Space Magic had its own systematic method of practice, people with aptitude for it was extremely rare. Therefore, both Space Divergent Techniques and Space Magic were very mysterious to the people in the continent.

Zhao Hai’s method was naturally due to a Space Divergent Ability, this was because Space magic would need incantations in order to use it. Even an 8th rank Space Mage would need to mutter incantations in order to cast a spell.

Billy and Juno looked at each other and saw the shock from the other’s eyes. On the other hand, Zhao Hai didn’t pay attention to the reaction of the two. In fact, he had the ability to absorb the entire canyon in one go. But since he didn’t want a huge reaction from the two, he decided to do it by parts.

After absorbing a part, he took a few steps before he waved his hand and took another piece from the canyon. He did this action for quite some time.

After absorbing land for a few dozen times, Zhao Hai finally arrived at the blood pool. Zhao Hai inspected the pool, it wasn’t very big, moreover, it wasn’t deep either. However, it still gave people a very strong pressure. Zhao Hai took a breath and then waved his hand, making a Spatial Rift appear. The pool, as well as the ground it was in, was sucked in. Zhao Hai was taking his time with the pool, he even absorbed the ground two meters beneath it. But even with this, Zhao Hai can still see red stones on the pool’s floor. After digging for another meter, Zhao Hai can no longer see any of them.

In the end, Zhao Hai had absorbed the pool as well as the canyon’s walls. The current canyon was much different than it was before. Zhao Hai seemed to clean the valley up. There were no red stones that can be seen anymore.






* * *


  












Chapter 576 – Suspicion

After Zhao Hai completed everything, he finally relaxed. Although he hasn’t heard a prompt from the Space, he also knew that this was because he placed the things inside the warehouse. As long as he released them in the Space, a prompt should be heard.

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t prepared to do it this time. When the Space detects these things, the prompts would be extremely disturbing. Therefore, Zhao Hai plans to take them to the Space this evening.

Zhao Hai was given a scare when he turned around. Billy and Juno were looking at him as though they were looking at a monster. Zhao Hai recovered and smiled bitterly and said, “Did the two of you guess it?”

Billy and Juno nodded simultaneously. Zhao Hai forced a smile and then said, “Don’t worry, I’m not afraid of the two of you knowing. As you have guessed, that was my Space Divergent Ability. But this ability is strange as it doesn’t have any attack power. It can only be used like Space equipments, so I didn’t bother to tell anyone about it.”

Billy and Juno nodded, they didn’t hold even a trace of suspicion to Zhao Hai’s words. They only knew that most offensive attacks didn’t belong to the Space element. If Zhao Hai can use his Space to attack, he would certainly be able to contend against 9th rank experts. In that case, his fame should have been larger than what he had right now.

But Billy and Juno knew that even if Zhao Hai cannot use his Space to attack, he still held a huge advantage compared to the others. However, the two didn’t care about any of these. They were now Zhao Hai’s friends, it was much better for them if Zhao Hai was stronger.

Billy laughed and said, “Mister can rest assured. Apart from the two of us, nobody would be hearing about this matter. As for this old guy, you don’t have to worry a lot about him. He’s already this old, so he knows what he should and shouldn’t say. For him, having you as a friend is much better than being your enemy. At the same time, Mister has helped us with cleaning this place up. Now, we can mine this huge lode of iron.”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled. For the Dwarves, acquiring new mineral loads was the most important thing. This has become a core principle of the entire race.

Juno also smiled bitterly, Billy said that he was old and experienced. Although it was true, age wasn’t really an important factor. In any race, Patriarchs would surely not be simple characters. Otherwise, the current existing races wouldn’t have survived.

The three inspected the valley, and when they did not spot any red stones, they left. All this time, the smile on Billy’s face was unbroken, Zhao Hai had





surely given them a huge hand in eliminating this scourge.

The three returned to Billy’s place and after having sat down, Billy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, get us some good liquors. Today is a very happy day, we need to share a cup of two together.”

Juno laughed and said, “You old drunkard, you really are quite shameless when it comes to drinking. Do you really think that Mister Zhao Hai would provide you liquor just like that? Right, since we arrived at this matter, how big is mister’s Space? Why do I feel like you have never been on full capacity before?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “You’re quite right, my Space is very big, I really don’t know its full capacity. I only know that I can store a lot of things inside. Moreover, I can also carry out some Teleportations. Aside from that, then there’s nothing else.”

Juno and Billy almost simultaneously asked, “Teleportation? You said that your Space can do Teleportations?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, but it’s quite difficult, I need to do a lot of preparation in advance. Currently, my Teleportations can only send me back to Golden Island, I still can’t go to other places.”

The reason why Zhao Hai revealed this was because he knew that he would be doing a lot of teleportations in the future. Therefore, it’s much better to just reveal it right now.

Even if Zhao Hai’s tone seemed to express the simplicity of his ability, Juno was still quite envious of Zhao Hai’s teleportation. He smiled bitterly and said, “No wonder Mister can have a lot of things while appearing and disappearing every time. For mister to have these abilities, it was no wonder that the Buda Clan can develop to be what it is right now.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “There’s no other way. The Buda Clan already had a weak foundation. When my Buda Clan was exiled to the Black Wasteland, my family’s housekeeper sold off all of our valuable stuff in exchange for grain, daily necessities, as well as equipment in order to survive in the wasteland. At that time, I was unconscious. When I woke up, I discovered the situation that the Buda Clan was in, which isn’t very good. We planned to live like the Hurricane Family, planting Bamboo Rice and Oil Trees in order to survive.”

Juno and Billy knew about the Buda Clan’s past situation. When they heard Zhao Hai right now, they can imagine the hardships that the Buda Clan had encountered.

Then Zhao Hai sighed and said, “We didn’t know that since the Black Wasteland was right beside the Carrion Swamp, magic beast invasions were quite common. Beasts and undead would run out of the swamp and wreak havoc on the wasteland. Because of that we cannot do even a little





little bit of farming. Because of that, we have to leave the place.”

Juno and Billy also heard about the Black Wasteland, but they haven’t gone there before. The Dwarves had already left the Black Wasteland for a long time, therefore they don’t have any recent information about that place.

Zhao Hai then continued, “Luckily, we managed to leave the place early. Who would’ve known that the Carrion Swamp’s fog would actually invade the Black Wasteland. We wouldn’t have been able to get out alive.” Then Zhao Hai sighed and then said, “We’re also quite fortunate. Back when we were in the Black Wasteland, I’ve become so depressed that I decided to kill myself. When I went to the Carrion Swamp, I unexpectedly came upon my Magic Staff. The staff not only cured the Water of Nothingness in my body, it also allowed me to use Dark Magic. Even if my Divergent Ability isn’t able to attack, the Dark Magic provided me with offensive power, making me create countless undead. Due to this, I was able to establish my reputation in the continent as being a Dark Mage.”

The other matters were also known by Juno and Billy. They knew that after that, the Buda Clan started chiseling their name into history. Because of this, they came to admire Zhao Hai even more.

Although, Zhao Hai didn’t say where he got his 9th ranks from, they didn’t ask him about it. After all, 9th ranks are the Buda Clan or any other family’s trump cards. Nobody would want to reveal information about them easily. What Zhao Hai told them today was already giving them enough face.

Juno coldly snorted and then said, “The Asku Empire is indeed made up of fools. Before being controlled by the Radiant Church, they were already the second most powerful nation in the continent. But now, they had actually placed at the bottom of the rankings. I must say, they deserved what they got today.”

Billy also coldly snorted, “The Radiant Church gives birth to those mad men. Just because they deem themselves as messengers of God, they wanted to control everything, even the affairs of the Dwarf Race. They didn’t know about Sir Artifact’s influence in our race. They actually sent someone to preach here, they seem to be unafraid of death.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Not only the Dwarves, this happened to the Beastmen as well. Last winter, when I was doing business in the Prairie, I met the current Patriarch of the Herculean Bull Tribe, Wales. I met him at that time when he received news that a Prince of their tribe had rebelled and killed the old Patriarch, competing with Wales for the seat. Wales was out when he received the news, so it was too late for him to respond. But who could imagine that the Fighting





the Fighting Bulls would actually take the throne away from him, casting him away after using him. In the end, the Herculean Bulls had no other place to go other than seeking refuge with the Mastiff Tribe.”

Juno and Billy weren’t aware of the matters in the Prairie. They don’t have any way to get information regarding the Beastmen. The grain and fruit oil that Juno produces was mostly given to the Dwarves, therefore they didn’t have any contact with the Beastmen.

Not only them, even if other Humans had businesses in the Prairie, it would be quite difficult for them to hear about the matters of the Herculean Bull Tribe. Because of this, when they heard Zhao Hai talk about the affairs of the Beastmen, the two’s ears immediately straightened out.

Zhao Hai then added, “When Wales got the news, the Fighting Bulls were chasing after him. At that time, I had a lot of grain in my hands, so I accompanied him to the Dog Race’s domain. Using my food, they managed to reinforce their strength inside the Mastiff Tribe’s place. When the winter started, the Herculean Bulls started their counterattack, eradicating the Fighting Bulls in one fell swoop and reclaimed the position of the Royal Tribe of the Cow Race. Because they were grateful to me as well as me having a Beheading Blood Oath with Wales, I managed to become the Herculean Bulls’ Foreign Prince.”

The two never imagined Zhao Hai to be a Foreign Prince of a Beastman Tribe, so they were puzzled before as to how Zhao Hai has a good relationship with the Beastmen. Now that Zhao Hai revealed his identity to them, they now understood Zhao Hai’s standing in the Prairie.

Then Billy looked straight at Zhao Hai and said, “Beheading Blood Oath? Did you really have a Beheading Blood Oath with a Beastman?”. Zhao Hai nodded.

Juno looked at Billy in confusion as he asked, “What is a Beheading Blood Oath? Why does it sound so ruthless?”

Billy forced a smile and said, “A Beheading Blood Oath is the most sacred pledge that Beastmen can settle on. Beastmen generally won’t use it easily. As long as two people have a Beheading Blood Oath with each other, betrayal would cause them to get punished by the Beast God. This pledge is not a joke.”

When Juno heard Billy, he felt relief. Now he was fully convinced of Zhao Hai’s position among the Beastmen.

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and then nodded, “Right, it is because of this Beheading Blood Oath and the position of Foreign Prince that I was able to get relationships with the Beastmen. In the end, i managed to get contact with the Beast King and have him agree to having a milk wine partnership with me.”

Juno sighed and then said, “You say it like it’s easy, but it’s actually very

it’s actually very difficult. It seems like you don’t look down on the Beastmen when you interact with them, this might contribute to how easily they managed to trust you. Most Merchants would want to get more benefits from their transactions with the Beastmen. And the Beastmen weren’t fools either, so how can they not notice this aspect? In this case, the Beastmen would surely distance themselves from those Merchants.”

Billy sighed as well, “Actually, our situation is fairly similar with the Beastmen. The things that we produce are in demand with the Humans. So every Human Merchant that comes here would want to profit as much as possible, squeezing every mid of benefit that they can get from us. This explains why our Dwarf Race didn’t have a lot of friends among Humans. Except this old fellow, the only other person is you, Mister Zhao Hai.”

Juno coldly snorted and then said, “Actually, the cause of this matter is the Radiant Church. From what I can remember, the Humans didn’t think differently about other races. There were even some Dwarves that would open up blacksmithing shops in major cities in the continent. And their businesses were very good. At the same time, Beastmen would prosper in Human lands, hiring themselves as mercenaries as well as forming a party with Humans in order to hunt Magic Beasts.”

Zhao Hai was startled at Juno’s words, he didn’t know about any of these. Billy then added, “Exactly. I don’t know when it started, but the Radiant Church had started to preach that the other races were lower forms of beings and were not worthy to live along the Human race. Their priests didn’t treat other races whenever they get wounded, claiming that it would be blasphemous to the Radiant God. Because of these actions, the other Humans slowly started to think that the other races were truly of lower status, slowly driving them away from their settlements. The Beastmen suddenly weren’t able to become mercenaries, while the Dwarves were banned from opening up shop.”

When Zhao Hai heard Juno and Billy, he couldn’t help but stare blankly, then his face changed as he thought about Iron Hammer’s words. In the Divine Realm, the Human gods started to wage war with the Gods of the other races. In the war, the Humans wanted to send people down in order to eradicate the other races. And if the Radiant Church really did what Juno and Billy said, then wouldn’t that be like the moves by the Human Gods? If that’s the case, then thing had become more complicated.

But Zhao Hai didn’t express his suspicion. He had just linked all of these in his head and found some connections between them. If he really guessed correctly, then the Radiant Church would be a huge problem. Their background might be very difficult to deal with.





* * *


  












Chapter 577 – Level Up

Zhao Hai recalled about the past actions of the Radiant Church and discovered that they were doing things that suppressed the other races. They established their influence and controlled Nobles, these things aren’t something that normal Churches would do. Moreover, all of these were done by themselves, without the help of any influence, this was a difficult thing to accomplish.

Any religious sect has its own beliefs, but one should know that ideas are intangible while people are. Without people to believe in them, then a religion would be useless.

From its establishment up to the present, along with the number of Popes that had passed, how was the Radiant Church able to continually suppress the other races as well as the other churches? One must know that suppressing other religions cannot be done in a day or two, nor was it very easy. For the Radiant Church to do this for quite a long time was quite the mystery.

But if the Radiant Church has a God-ranked expert pulling its strings from behind, then the situation would be different. Although God-ranked experts cannot descend easily, the Artisan God and the others were able to send their Divine Artifacts down. Therefore, it shouldn’t be very difficult for these Gods to send a message down, instructing the Radiant Church about what to do.

The more he thought about it, the more plausible his idea has become. However, Zhao Hai still cannot inform Billy and Juno about this matter. If the two knew about this, who knows what their reaction would be? If the people outside knew, then the matter would become much more complicated.

At this time, Billy and Juno were still talking about the Radiant Church, but Zhao Hai was already not listening to them. He wanted to discuss this matter with Laura and the others as soon as possible and hear their opinions.

Billy and Juno discovered that Zhao Hai’s state was not right, so Billy immediately asked, “Mister Zhao Hai, what happened?”

Zhao Hai recovered and looked at the two before he smiled faintly and said, “There’s no problem, I just feel





somewhat tired. I’ll go back to rest first, if there’s any matter, you can just send word to my room.”

Billy and Juno also thought that since Zhao Hai had used his Space Ability, he should be very tired right now. Therefore, Billy replied, “Mister, do you want to be examined by our doctor?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m fine, I’m only a little bit tired. I didn’t get a good sleep yesterday, and then I drank today and then used my ability. I’m fairly fatigued right now, resting for a while would suffice.”

Billy and Juno nodded, then Zhao Hai turned and left the room in haste. Laura and the others weren’t inside the room, so Zhao Hai flashed to the Space and then had Cai’er call them over.

Laura and the others weren’t actually inside the Space. They were currently with the Dwarves as they wandered around the place.

Zhao Hai sat in the Space, calmly ruminating over Juno and Billy’s words. He also had Cai’er get the information that they had acquired about the Radiant Church as he looked over them.

They had found out that even though the Radiant Church had been amassing a ton of wealth all these years, nobody in the church benefited from it. The Popes and Bishops of the Church didn’t use it for themselves. They may use those funds to recruit some Nobles, but the majority of it was used to deal with the other races. Their Popes and Bishops all lived very poor lives, a lot of their Popes died with no money to their name.

This method of the Radiant Church was something beyond common sense. It was impossible for the Church’s founders to immediately develop hatred towards the other races, this was something natural. However, after a few generations, the Church started to hate upon the other races, this matter couldn’t be justified.

Because of these generations of effort, the other races started to disappear from the Human lands. Moreover, the Radiant Church had managed to make the religion their monopoly. Although one couldn’t see it, the Radiant Church had slowly encroached their control on





on the other religions.

While Zhao Hai was looking up all of these, Laura and the others returned to the room. Cai’er immediately transported the women to the Space. When they saw Zhao Hai in the villa along with a bunch of documents, they stared. Zhao Hai usually didn’t care about these documents, what happened?

Laura immediately stepped forward and then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what happened? What are you looking for in these documents? Wait, these are related to the Radiant Church. Did the church cause trouble again?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and waved his hand to make them sit down. Then Zhao Hai told Laura and the others what he heard from Billy and Juno, as well as expressing his suspicions.

While the women were listening to Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but frown. Then after some time, Laura said, “Brother Hai, your suspicion might be true. So what do we do?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “The only thing we can do right now is to upgrade our strengths. If we spread this news out, people would suspect about the Radiant Church’s connection with the Divine Realm. And if those guys knew that we had found out about their background, then they might send in God-ranked experts ahead of time, while our strength is still weak. When that happens, our losses would be very great.”

Laura nodded, and then she said, “Right, Brother Hai, aren’t you getting some God’s Blood today? Did you acquire it?”

Zhao Hai tapped his head and then he bitterly smiled and said, “I forgot about it. I’ll introduce those things to the Space right now.” Then with an intention, he released the God’s Blood into the Space.

Just as it was released, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Massively energized liquid has been detected, immensely strengthening the water and the soil as well as the abilities of the Space. The Farming ground has been improved, the crops maturity has been reduced by 100 times, the background would be accelerated by ten times. The Spatial Water has also been improved.

The powerful liquid also strengthened the host’s body





host’s body as well as his current rank. The seven Divergent techniques of the host are now: metal, wood, water, fire, earth, crystal, and space has been improved to Advanced level. Host’s potential has been further promoted.

The Space has leveled up to 52. Host may use ten ordinary backgrounds, asking the host to try harder.

The undead, phantasmal beasts, magic beasts, and plants in the Space has also been improved. The metals in the Space has now increased its output.

The managers of the Space, Cai’er and Mu’er has also been improved. The Ghost Staff is upgraded and is now renamed to Blood Ghost Staff. Host can now vary its length and form. Host can transform the staff into anything including 108 throwing knives. The host can also fly using the Staff.

Because of the promotion, the Host can also choose one special magic garment that is provided by the Space. Host should choose wisely!”

The bombardment of information made Zhao Hai dizzy. Then, he immediately called Mu’er and Cai’er over. Cai’er’s new form made Zhao Hai stare. Before, Cai’er was only as big as a person’s palm, but now she was as big as an arm, she also appeared much more lovely. Mu’er’s appearance also surprised Zhao Hai. Although he was still attached to the whip, he was now much more solid compared to before, and was now as large as a person’s palm. He seemed much more real this time, compared to his somewhat faint form before.

Zhao Hai knew that the cause for their changes was the Space levelling up. So he immediately looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, what’s your rank right now?”

Cai’er thought for a moment and then said, “I really don’t know. But if I were to talk in terms of the Demon Realm, then even Heavenly Demons wouldn’t be able to defeat me, and it might even be possible for me to kill them!”

Zhao Hai asked, “Heavenly Demon? What kind of existence is that?”

Cai’er replied, “Heavenly Demons are the strongest existences in the Demon Realm. Their strengths are much more formidable than 9th rank experts. The Ark Continent doesn’t seem to have

seem to have those kinds of existences, but I can also feel that the plane doesn’t allow them to be here. But since my main body is inside Young Master’s Space, while the things outside are my branches, I wasn’t expelled by the plane.”

Zhao Hai understood, Cai’er strength shouldn’t be very different from those God-ranked experts. Those Heavenly Demons that she stated seem to be like the Gods in the Divine Realm.

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai’s heart couldn’t help but be moved. Then he immediately said, “Cai’er, what level do you see me right now?’

Cai’er looked at Zhao Hai and then said, “Young master, your current strength is equal to a 9th rank expert. But even if you have reached 9th rank, you still don’t reach the level of a Heavenly Demon.” Zhao Hai nodded and then ribbed his chin. Him becoming as strong as a 9th rank expert is already good. If he has achieved God-rank, then the Ark Continent might be unable to accommodate him, kicking him out in the process.

Then Zhao Hai turned his head to Mu’er and then said, “Mu’er how about you? Is your strength the same as Cai’er’s?”

Without even waiting for Mu’er to speak, Cai’er disdainfully replied, “He needs to wait a bit more. He had become strong, but not as strong as me. However, dealing with several 9th rank experts shouldn’t be a problem for him.”

Then Zhao Hai thought about those 9th rank Magic Beasts in the Space, “What about those 9th ranks in the Space? What level are they right now?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Their potential isn’t very good. Although they are stronger than before, they aren’t as strong as Mu’er.”

When Zhao Hai heard Cai’er, he couldn’t help but relax. He was afraid that those 9th ranks would turn into God-rank experts, that would be very troublesome.

But Zhao Hai also understood that those 9th rank experts were unrelated to the Space. The things that the Space prioritizes in strengthening were only itself as well as the Host. For other creatures inside, they can only receive the scraps. Therefore, this outcome isn’t really a surprise.





* * *


  












Chapter 578 – Ability

Zhao Hai still kept asking questions, “Right, how about the undead? I seem to hear that they had been improved. What are their levels right now?”

When Cai’er heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but laugh. Then she smiled at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, you are correct. The undead are now 9th ranks!”

Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai, Laura, and the others’ bodies couldn’t help but shiver. The undeads have turned into 9th ranks? What kind of concept is that? Does that mean that Zhao Hai now has more than 1 million 9th ranks in his hand?

More than 1 million experts? This, isn’t this too scary? If Zhao Hai released all of those undead right now, wouldn’t conquering the continent be extremely easy?

However, Zhao Hai turned this idea down. If he can’t do it in the past, the more he can’t be allowed to do it now that he knows about God-ranked experts. If he releases those undead and unify the continent, then the Radiant Church might react and deal with him.

Zhao Hai might be able to neglect the Radiant Church, but he cannot ignore the church’s background. Iron Hammer also expressed the existence of the Divine Realm’s natives. They were born as 5th rank and grow up to be 9th, with a little practice, they would also reach God-rank. If those people send their members down as well, Zhao Hai’s 9th ranks would turn out useless.

Zhao Hai turned to Cai’er and said, “What about the Space? In which way did it improve?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, the lands have been improved immensely. Crops that usually take eight hours to mature now only needed 48 minutes to do so. In the past, the background can’t accelerate growth, but now it has the characteristics of the original Farming ground. At the same time, the Magic Beasts have been improved. Inferior beasts, have reached around 7th to 8th





rank. Advanced beasts have reached 9th rank. Because of the Blood Hawk’s special lineage, it only reached 8th rank. However, not only could it carry any person, it can also transport a team of people with no problem. Also, the Magic beasts can now become phantasmal beasts, no matter what type they are, they would be able to turn into weapons or armor. Additionally, we should preserve those Bread Trees that we planted in the background. As soon as ample time passes, those trees would be able to gain sentience just like me.”

Zhao Hai was shocked, he didn’t expect the amount of changes that happened to the Space. Moreover, eight-hour crops now take less than an hour to mature. Isn’t this speed just too fast?

Cai’er looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and then said, “Also, Young Master, the Spatial Water has also gotten better. Not only can it detoxify, it can also help the cultivation of people up to 8th rank. But since the Space now has a Blood Pond, even 9th ranks would be able to benefit from it. Young Master can have Laura and the others drink from the pond and make them 9th rank experts.”

Zhao Hai knitted his eyebrows and then said, “Wouldn’t the energy in the pond be too strong? Are they able to bear with it?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master doesn’t need to worry. Most of the Blood’s energy has already been absorbed by the Young Master and the Space. The energy left right now is mild. So there isn’t any problem.”

Zhao Hai gave a satisfied nod and then he said, “Also, the Space told me that I can use ten Ordinary Backgrounds? What are those Ordinary Backgrounds? And are there things other than ordinary ones?”

Cai’er nodded and said, “Yes, the Space’s backgrounds can be divided into four categories. The first one is the Ordinary Background, it looks just like the one that the Young Master





Master has been using. It’s just a piece of land, and nothing else, not even special properties. The second kind is the Mechanical Background. This one has things that can be found in a mechanized civilization. The Young Master can enjoy tall buildings in this background as well as its advanced technology. The Young Master can even use cars and airplanes in this place.

The third kind is a Magical Background. This background is pretty much like the Ark Continent, but much more advanced. The Young Master can learn better Magic Formations than the ones that can be found in the continent. There are also floating islands in the sky.

The fourth kind is the Cultivation Background. This background is very huge, the Young Master would be able to acquire magical treasures inside. However, the Young Master needs a very high level in order to attain this background.”

For Zhao Hai, who came from Earth, he immediately understood everything that Cai’er had said about these backgrounds.

Zhao Hai thought that if the Space can unlock Cultivation Backgrounds, then how awesome would that be? Would he be able to use flying swords at that time?

Zhao Hai calmed down from his shock. He would no longer worry about bad things happening when he gets a high enough rank. Zhao Hai then looked at Cai’er and said, “How about the Ghost Staff? What abilities did it acquire?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “To be short, the Ghost Staff is now renamed to Blood Ghost Staff. It can now become liquid like water and transform into anything that the Young Master wants. It can also fly, lengthen itself, shorten itself, it can even separate and form 108 flying daggers. Under the command of the Young Master, those knives would fly and attack the enemies. Naturally, the scope of this attack is limited to 10 thousand meters. If the Young Master isn’t in trouble, you can turn it into a vehicle, any vehicle





any vehicle that you can think about. At the same time, since it can fly, the Young Master would have an alternative to using the Blood Hawk when circumstances need it.”

Zhao Hai felt so happy he almost forgot to breathe. This was too good. The Staff had become just like flying magical treasures that were seen in Cultivation worlds. It may even be better than those.

Zhao Hai suddenly thought about the final prompt, something about a Magic garment. So he immediately asked Cai’er about it, “Cai’er can I use that Magic Garment now? I want to see what kinds are available.”

Cai’er complied as she waved her hand, making a screen appear in front of them. On the screen were several pictures of clothes, as well as descriptions for each of them.

Zhao Hai almost fainted when he saw these clothes. Why did he see Superman’s clothing first? What does the Space want him to wear outside? This looks too abnormal!

There was also Spider Man’s clothes, the Fantastic Four, X-men, along with many others. Everything that Zhao Hai saw made his head dizzy.

Laura and the others also looked at the garments and couldn’t believe how people could wear such weird clothes.

After looking for quite a while, Zhao Hai finally made his choice. What he chose was a Magic Robe. However, this Robe seems to be made with unusual materials. It looks like it was made of very soft metal, not only did it have strong impact resistance, it also had anti-magic properties. At the same time, it can also automatically purify the wearer’s body. Most importantly, this robe is part of a set, from underwear to the outermost layer. Along with the black underwear, it also had a tight fitting clothes along with gloves and socks. The next layer consists of a long robe. But it wasn’t like the Robes that the continent uses that has a belt in it. This one looks like robes

looks like robes worn in ancient China. Then the next layer was a cloak, connected to the body via shoulder armor. The cloak seemed to be made up of bear fur and was locked to the armor using something in a form of animal claws. One could use this cloak to cover the user’s entire body, only leaving the head and the shoulder armor to be seen. It also had a pair of black boots. He looked very cool while wearing it.

But what made Zhao Hai choose this set was its ability to transform. In other words, he can momentarily change how it looks from the outside.

From what Zhao Hai saw, this set looked something like a prototype of some highly advanced civilization from novels back on Earth, with slight modifications here and there.

Comparing it from the other choices, Zhao Hai thought that this set suited him the best. So he immediately chose this set and after a flash of light, he was already wearing it.

When they looked at Zhao Hai, the eyes of Laura and the others shone. Zhao Hai looks very compatible with these set of clothes. The long robe, matches Zhao Hai’s temperament, making him look very gentle. The shoulder armor gave him a sort of martial aura. The cloak gave him an aura of power and prestige. The black clothing made him mysterious. Having all of this together made Zhao Hai look like a different person.

Zhao Hai was not a specially charming person, he normally just looks like an easily approachable person. But with these clothes on, he looked very different. He seemed to be much more dazzling compared to before, and his entire temperament changed. Those who wasn’t here to see him would find themselves doubting his identity.

Zhao Hai was also very satisfied with these clothes. This surprisingly changed how he looks. Moreover, because of his Metal Manipulation ability, he can turn it into a weapon when necessary.





* * *


  












Chapter 579 – Elder

Although Zhao Hai’s new clothes were made of a special type of metal, it didn’t have that feeling of coldness at all. Conversely, they were very comfortable and warm. A warmth that might make you fall asleep, it felt very good.

While Zhao Hai was wearing the clothes, he made it transform into other types of clothing before he stopped and returned to normal. Then he turned to Laura and the others and said, “Do you like these clothes?”

With shining eyes, Laura and the others nodded. They also wanted to have these type of clothing, they can choose what form that they like, so they don’t need to change at all. It was very convenient.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he turned to Cai’er and said, “Right, now that the Space has been upgraded, are we able to plant some special plants?”

Cai’er nodded and said, “Yes, some can enhance physical qualities while some can help with cultivation.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, you go take a look at the Processing Machine if you are able to make those kinds of seeds. Then plant them on the Farming Grounds and see their effects. See if there are those that are like the Goldmetal Fruit, plants that can give Divergent Abilities. We have to get as many of those as possible.”

Cai’er complied, and said, “Alright, rest assured, Young Master. I’ll take care of it.”

Zhao Hai gave a nod, “Right, I want to see what kinds of backgrounds I can use right now.”

Cai’er nodded, then he gave information about the different backgrounds that Zhao Hai can use. Although the backgrounds are ordinary, they were still some differences among them. For example, there were desert backgrounds that would be useless if Zhao Hai was to buy it.

Zhao Hai opted to get backgrounds that can be planted on. They aren’t extraordinary, but among them there were mountains, prairies, and there was also one with a mountain with a river on it. In short, there were a lot of varieties of them.

Naturally, Zhao Hai also listened to the opinion of his wives. Laura and the others were very happy when they were given a choice. Before long, the ten backgrounds have been chosen.

After choosing the backgrounds, Zhao Hai turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, how can we use these backgrounds?”

Cai’er replied, “Young Master can just make me manage them. But if you want to go there, you can just do it with an intention. I shall place plants and Magic Beasts on those backgrounds according to their compatibility. Also, the Young Master doesn’t need to worry about houses, the ten backgrounds have their own. But no matter which background is





in use, the Farming Grounds would still be present. Most importantly, these new backgrounds are different from the original background since they cannot accelerate plant growth.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That’s not a problem. Aren’t they just the same as the original background from before? I’ll just leave the management of those to you.”

Cai’er nodded. And just as Zhao Hai was about to lead Laura and the others to explore the new backgrounds, Cai’er suddenly said, “Young Master, the Dwarves have sent someone to see you.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then immediately brought Laura and the others to their room in the Dwarf Mountains. Strangely, even if Zhao Hai had become a 9th rank expert, he didn’t have any imposing aura, his temperament stayed just like before.

Zhao Hai also found out that after crystallizing his body, he can then use the Space to attack his enemy. The root of this offensive attack is the God’s Blood. The Space’s explanation was that since the energy of the God’s Blood has been absorbed by the Space, once it exits it, it can reabsorb that energy and attack the target. Therefore, Zhao Hai can use this method as an attack for his Space Divergent Ability.

But Zhao Hai wasn’t planning to use this attack, he also didn’t have any idea how to do so. Still, he has his metal, wood, water, fire, plant, abilities for attack, and their powers aren’t weak.

Zhao Hai also asked Cai’er to break the crystal bottle that contained the small sun, but Cai’er can’t do it. This reassured Zhao Hai, this meant that even God-ranked experts aren’t able to break his crystal body. So even if he meets God-ranked experts, he still had a way to preserve his life.

Also, Zhao Hai didn’t make Laura and the others drink the God’s Blood at this time. Although they can now become 9th rank experts, Laura and the others didn’t cultivate for the ten days that they had been with the Dwarves. Them advancing at this time would be strange.

Because of this Zhao Hai didn’t make them practice and just brought them along with him outside as he opened the door to see a Dwarf.

When the Dwarf saw Zhao Hai, he immediately gave a bow and said, “I’ve been asked to invite mister Zhao Hai to the Divine Palace. The Patriarch wanted mister to come.”

Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he nodded and walked towards the Divine Palace along with the Dwarf. While walking, Zhao Hai was wondering what Billy intended to do. At the same time, he was compiling everything about the Space inside his mind. And before long, he had finally arrived at the





the Divine Palace.

Upon reaching the place, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. In the Divine Palace, a lot of Dwarves were present. Moreover, the statuses of these people doesn’t seem to be normal. Each and every one of them had fairly white beards and hairs. One would see that they were quite mature members of the race.

Under the guidance of the Dwarf, Zhao Hai entered the Great Hall. But he was till puzzled about the number of Dwarves that were present. It looked like they were having a grand meeting. But what does he have to do with it?

Before long, he was walking in front of Iron Hammer. Zhao Hai can also spot Billy and the elders there, all of them looked at Zhao Hai with a hint of gratitude in their eyes.

Seeing the expressions of these Dwarves while being next to Iron Hammer, Zhao Hai can faintly guess what was going on. It seems like Billy informed these people about Iron Hammer’s materialization. The people present here seems to hold special status in their race.

But Zhao Hai didn’t say anything. He arrived at Billy’s side and gave Billy and the elders a salute. Then every Dwarf present in the Great Hall immediately returned the gesture. It seems like they won’t dare to accept Zhao Hai’s courtesy.

Zhao Hai also noted that Laura and the others stayed outside the Great Hall, the same was true for Juno. This made Zhao Hai very curious.

After exchanging their greetings, Billy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, this time, you had greatly helped our Dwarf Race. Therefore, we decided to give Mister the position of our race’s Foreign Elder. I’ll ask Mister to accept it.” Then Billy bowed towards Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai was actually shocked that he couldn’t respond for quite some time. This was because he hasn’t heard about this before, so he didn’t expect Billy to reach this decision.

Zhao Hai’s unresponsiveness scared Juno and the others. Juno knew the Dwarves very well. If the Dwarves wanted you to be their elder, then you better not decline, even if it was out of politeness. Otherwise, the Dwarves would think that you are looking down on them. If Zhao Hai treated the Dwarves like how he treated humans, then their connection might be broken.

Billy not telling Zhao Hai about this beforehand has its reasons. This was the Dwarves’ custom of appointing elders. They think that it was much better for the person’s reaction to be genuine. If Zhao Hai was informed beforehand, then he would be prepared. But if he was suddenly appointed, they would be able to see from his expression if he really wanted to





wanted to be their elder.

Actually, this regulation is very excessive, but the Dwarves think that this was good, so they decided to maintain this rule. The Dwarves had also bestowed Foreign Elder positions before in such a spontaneous matter, even Juno didn’t know about it.

Zhao Hai quickly recovered, he looked at Billy and then smiled faintly before replying, “Alright, I’ll respectfully accept this position. I’ll be a Foreign Elder.”

This response relaxed the people present. Billy stood up and laughed, “Great! Then I’ll have to ask Mister Zhao Hai to pay respects to the Divine Protector and receive our race’s elder token.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned around to give respects to Iron Hammer before accepting an ancient bronze Command Token from Billy. This token made Zhao Hai stare, since it was made of bronze, Zhao Hai was expecting it to be very heavy. He didn’t expect the token to be as light as a feather.

This Command Token looked very simple, a single character expressing command was written on it. At the back of it was Iron Hammer’s image. It was a very simple Command Token, but Zhao Hai knew that what this token represented was not very simple.

This position of Foreign Elder of the Dwarf Race is not worse than being a Foreign Prince of the entire Beastman Race. Such identity was extremely significant.

After Zhao Hai accepted the token, the ceremony for being an elder has been completed. But Zhao Hai didn’t say anything.

After Zhao Hai received the elder Command Token, the Dwarves simultaneously saluted, “We have seen the elder!”

Zhao Hai quickly responded, “Please get up.” The Dwarves got up as Billy loudly declared “Prepare the banquet, let’s welcome our Dwarf Race’s new Elder!”

The Dwarves present immediately complied as they turned around to leave. At this time, Billy also invited Zhao Hai back to his residence. After entering his office, the only three people left was Zhao Hai, Billy, and Juno.

After the three sat down, Zhao Hai cannot help but smile bitterly towards Billy and said, “Patriarch, this is too sudden. What would you have done if I refused?”

Billy laughed and said, “This is our race’s custom. If you rejected, then it would be impossible for you to become a friend to our race. Even if you help us out big time once more.”

Juno looked at Zhao Hai with envy as he said, “You should be happy. Now that you have become the Dwarves’ Foreign Elder, you will gain huge benefits in the future. My relationship with Billy has always been good, yet I still hadn’t become their Foreign Elder.”

Billy smiled and said, “Unfortunately, the matter of Foreign Elders is not something that I alone can

I alone can decide. The decision must undergo an elder’s assembly as well as a meeting with various mining heads. Zhao Hai has helped us hugely this time, so it was impossible for him to not be bestowed the position of Foreign Elder.”

Then Billy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Right, aren’t you Humans very modest? When they come across such matters, Humans usually decline first. Why didn’t you?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You forget, but I am also a Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bull Tribe. I have experience in such matters. So I know that if I decline, It would seem like I was looking down on the Dwarf Race. Therefore, I didn’t bother to decline first.”

Billy laughed, “So you have experience. Hahaha. That’s fantastic. Since you’ve become our Foreign Elder, our race’s liquor would depend on you.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly. He felt like he just had joined a gang of evildoers. He had become their Foreign Elder, but now he was in charge of their liquor.

But he wasn’t worried, even if the Beastmen cannot catch up to the demand, Zhao Hai now has ten backgrounds to use. These backgrounds can raise some argali as well as cattle. Therefore, their milk production should skyrocket.

Billy smiled and said, “Don’t worry, we won’t be taking your liquor for free. We shall trade them with ironwares. But since you’re our Foreign Elder, you cannot sell it to us with the same price as outside, it should be lower. But since we’ll also sell you our ironwares for cheap, you wouldn’t be able to suffer any losses.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “No problem. But I currently am short on manpower. So I don’t have any means to produce a lot of milk wine. Moreover, the Beastman milk wine output is quite limited, therefore, the liquor that I can provide is quite low. It’s impossible for me to provide a high volume right from the start.”

Billy and Juno nodded, Zhao Hai looked at their eyes deeply before he hardened his resolve and said, “Patriarch, I have a matter to ask your help with.”

Billy stared, then he immediately smiled and said, “You’re our race’s Foreign Elder, you’re part of us now. So can tell me what you want.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I want to ask some Dwarves to settle down in my territory. Helping me produce some ironwares. Is that possible?”

When he heard Zhao Hai, Billy cannot help but gawk. Then he frowned and said, “I’m afraid that this is somewhat difficult. You should know that there are a lot of eyes on Golden Island. Seeing Dwarves there would cause too much of a problem.”





* * *


  












Chapter 580 – Laying the Cards Out on the Table

Upon hearing Billy, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly as he said, “That’s not a problem. The place I want to take them isn’t Golden Island, but to my Buda Clan’s true territory. In there, no other people aside from our Buda Clan and the slaves are present.”

Billy and Juno couldn’t help but stare upon hearing Zhao Hai. Then both of their eyes shone brightly, it didn’t take a while before Juno said, “Did you send your 100 thousand slaves to that place?”

Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he smiled faintly and said, “So you knew, right, the slaves were sent to that place. Not only those slaves but our wineries and factories are in that place as well.”

Billy might not be very clear about it, but Juno knew how many products Zhao Hai sold in the continent. Haven products, Beastmen goods, all of them required a lot of processing.

Billy was confused, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Besides Golden Island, what other territory did the Buda Clan have? I don’t seem to remember the Buda Clan buying other territories in the past two years.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We don’t need to buy any land. Our Buda Clan already has an enormous land, wouldn’t it be a pity if we don’t use it? Our territory is as large as the Aksu Empire.”

Billy and Juno stared, then they immediately reacted. The only territory that Zhao Hai could refer to would be the Black Wasteland. That place was the continent’s biggest territory, one that belonged to the Buda Clan.

However, Billy and Juno, along with the people of the continent, knew the current situation of the Buda Clan. The two looked at each other before Juno turned to Zhao Hai and asked, “Little Hai, isn’t that area filled with the Carrion Swamp’s poisonous mist? How can people live there?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Any poison has its own antidote. Did the two of you forget where my Magic Staff is from? In a sense, our Buda





Clan is already somewhat in control of the Carrion Swamp. When the Buda Clan went to war in the past, the 9th ranks that we have are all from the swamp.”

Billy and Juno’s bodies shook. They suddenly remembered the Dwarf Race’s prophecy. One of the five Forbidden Areas has been conquered!

The Divine Artifact has been recognized, and now the Carrion Swamp was under the control of the Buda Clan. Then this meant that they had conquered one of the Forbidden Areas, this was a step to fulfilling the prophecy.

The two looked at each other and saw the shock on each other’s eyes. Zhao Hai was looking at them in confusion, he knew that they would be shocked, but their reaction was a little bit strange.

Billy sighed and said, “Heaven’s Will, is this the Heaven’s Will?”

Juno also sighed as he said, “It seems so. Now we must wait for the news from the Elves.”

Zhao Hai was puzzled at the two, so he asked, “What’s wrong? What are you mumbling about?”

Billy sighed, then he told Zhao Hai about the prophecy of their Dwarf Race. The prophecy was easy to understand, so there was no further explanation needed. Zhao Hai only needed to listen in order to understand.

Zhao Hai’s expression changed, he knew more than Juno and Billy did about this matter. Juno and Billy didn’t know about the war between the races as well as the Divine Realm.

Billy looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and thought that it was caused by the prophecy. Therefore, he sighed and said, “Now I think that the King that was mentioned was you. It’s because you’ve already fulfilled two aspects of the prophecy.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly as he sighed, then he turned to look at the two before saying, “In fact, even if I didn’t know of this prophecy, i know more than the two of you when it comes to this matter. In the Divine Realm….” Then Zhao Hai told them the things about the Gods that he had heard from Iron Hammer.

After Zhao Hai reiterated everything to Billy, he said, “Actually, I’ve heard





heard all of this from the Artifact Spirit. I’m just afraid that too many people would know, so I asked him to refrain from telling others. Your Dwarves’ Forbidden Land was a place where that God was injured. The blood there wasn’t poisonous, it’s just that the energy contained in it was too strong, people simply cannot bear it. I refrained from telling everyone about this because I suspect that the Radiant Church has relations to a God-ranked expert. If this matter gets spread around, it might reach the ears of the church. If they do, the Gods might send their people ahead of time, far before we have prepared. The strength of the continent is currently lacking. I’m worried that we might lose big in the confrontation. Therefore, I intend to go back and research the God’s Blood and see if I can produce a potion that may improve ranks and train a lot of 9th ranks. If we accomplish this, then we may have a fighting chance against the people from the Divine Realm. I just didn’t expect the Dwarves to have this prophecy. It’s surely the will of the heavens!”

The heads of Billy and Juno couldn’t help but turn blank after listening to Zhao Hai. They weren’t expecting this influx of information, it seems like they needed to prepare.

After some time, Billy recovered. He stood up and said, “So it’s actually the Radiant Church. I always thought that these people are rotten eggs. So it turns out that they have this motive.”

Juno’s expression was also ugly as he said, “I think that Little Hai’s suspicion is highly probable. The things that the Radiant Church has been doing recently cannot be justified. If they really do have a background, just like what Little Hai said, then this matter has turned quite dangerous. If people from the Divine Realm send people down, then it would be very troublesome.”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Not only that, besides the Radiant Church, there is also the Engraved Ark. I don’t know what kind of organization they are, but it seems like





seems like they are hell bent on the destruction of the continent. In the past, when the Divine Realm sent a God-ranked expert down, that person managed to damage the three Divine Artifacts sent down to defeat him. I need to repair those two other Artifacts in order to improve our chances of coming out on top. However, even if I repair those artifacts, I think that it would still be very hard for us, seeing that the Divine Realm already knows that we possess those three Artifacts. When they come, I’m fairly certain that they would bring countermeasures in order to deal with those.”

Juno and Billy frowned, their expression weren’t very attractive. The matters that were involved in this was just too big. They simply cannot handle this just by themselves.

Zhao Hai looked at the two and said, “I think we’re fine for now. We just need to find solutions in order to deal with it. I’m requesting Patriarch Billy to come in contact with the Elves as soon as possible while I go to the Beastmen and see their Beast God’s Spear. If possible, I’ll go and fix their Artifact. When that time comes, we can get ourselves more leeway. But the most important thing right now is to keep this matter a secret. We can’t tell anyone, even the people that we trust. These words would only stay inside this room. What do the two of you think?”

Billy and Juno thought for a moment before they succumbed to the fact that they had nothing to solve this matter with in the meantime. So the can only sigh and say, “Alright, it seems like this is the only thing that we can do at this moment.”

Zhao Hai looked at their faces and smiled faintly, “You two don’t need to worry too much. Our Buda Clan’s potion making is very advanced. Perhaps we can make use of the God’s Blood and prepare some potions in order to mass produce 9th rank experts. When that time comes, then we would be able to deal with the attack coming from the

coming from the Divine Realm.”

Billy and Juno couldn’t help but bitterly smile, they understood that those words were only said in order to console them. Then suddenly, Billy’s eyes shone, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, the prophecy included the Five Forbidden Areas. In other words, if mister can conquer those five, then you might come to find some benefits that can help in dealing with this matter.”

Juno’s eyes turned bright as well, “Right, Little Hai, you might as well do that. If you can do that, then we would have more confidence in confronting the Gods. Do you think you can do that with your current ability?”

Zhao Hai were thinking about their proposals. Actually, he also wanted to explore those five areas, but he just didn’t have the time. But after this meeting, it seems like Zhao Hai really does need to explore the Five Forbidden Areas. But before he explores those places, he wanted to go and visit the Elven Forest first.

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I will certainly go if given the opportunity. But I need to see the Beastmen first and see whether I can fix their Beast God’s Spear. Patriarch Billy should also get news from the Elves while seeing if they can allow me to fix their Elven Bow. After completing these, I think it wouldn’t be too late before I can explore those Forbidden Areas.”

Billy nodded and said, “Alright, then it’s settled. I’ll send word to the Elves as soon as possible. I’ll ask for the Elven Bow first before asking about their Tree of LIfe. If their Tree did indeed dry up or has any problems, then the prophecy might as well be realized.”

Zhao Hai and Juno nodded. The hearts of the three felt quite heavy, not because of anything else but the matters of the Divine Realm. These people represent the pinnacle of strength in the Continent. If they go against this legend one day, then they would need a lot of firepower. This was the Divine Realm, they cannot be underestimated.





* * *


  












Chapter 581 – Banquet

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock* Three knocks were heard before the three woke up from their thoughts. Billy looked at the door and said, “Who is it?”

A voice was heard from outside, “Patriarch, the banquet for Mister Zhao Hai has been prepared.”

Billy couldn’t help but pat his head. Because of the weight of their conversation, the three had forgotten about the banquet.

So Billy immediately responded, “Alright, we’ll be heading there soon. You go first.” Then the person outside complied as he retreated.

Billy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Sending Dwarves to your territory wouldn’t be a problem. How many people do you want to be sent there?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The more the better, but there aren’t a lot of iron back in my place. After all, my main products are crops and processed goods. The thing that is abundant there is liquor.”

Billy laughed and said, “That wouldn’t be a problem. Also, you being the prophesized person is very good for us. Don’t forget, the prophecy stated that you would be the King of all and the hero that would save us all.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “I can be fine as a hero, but I don’t think I can handle being the King of all. It’s those bastard Gods’ fault. We didn’t do anything but they dare to disrupt our lives? Such bastards.”

Zhao Hai normally watches out for the words that came out of his mouth. But he let that rule off this time. This matter had truly filled him with anger, he couldn’t bear but scold the perpetrators.

Billy laughed loudly as he said, “Good, you curse quite well. Those Gods really aren’t very good people. Right, don’t go away soon. Let’s drink a lot this time. No matter what, today’s a happy day.”

Zhao Hai had no choice but to nod. Juno smiled as well. Then the three of them walked out of Billy’s office. However, Billy didn’t lead them to the Dining Hall, instead, he brought them to the Divine Palace.

The scene made Zhao Hai stare. The Divine Palace’s square was very big, it was more than 100 thousand square meters. And





yet, the square was chock full of tables right now. A lot of Dwarves were already sitting down while women were serving them dishes.

Upon looking at this scene, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but turn blank. He had seen Beastmen banquets before. But he hadn’t seen a thing such as this before. The didn’t think that the Dwarves would also have such large banquets like this.

Zhao Hai discovered that Laura and the others were already at the square. Moreover, they were already sitting down and chatting with Dwarf women.

Billy didn’t say anything as he pulled Zhao Hai to sit at a table that was already reserved for them. At this time, they were served with special dishes of the Dwarf Race.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation before he turned to Billy and said, “I have a lot of liquor. Can I serve them here to drink?”

Billy laughed and said, “That’ll be great. Quickly take them out.” Then he stood up and announced, “Today, we celebrate this banquet in order to honor our Dwarf Race’s new Foreign Elder. Elder Zhao Hai is also very happy, so he had prepared some liquor for everyone to drink!”

Just as Billy’s voice fell, a resounding applause was heard in the entire square. Zhao Hai didn’t delay as he faintly smiled and waved his hand took out some liquor bags, each no less than 100 jin in weight.

Zhao Hai stopped as soon as it reached 500 bags. The Dwarves currently present here numbered about 10 thousand people. If he didn’t take these many out, then a shortage of liquor might happen.

After Zhao Hai took out his liquor, Dwarf women immediately took them and served the liquor on the various tables present. Looking at how these Dwarf women were carrying two bags of liquor quite casually, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly. It seem like even the women of the Dwarf race contained astonishing strength. They can certainly take up weapons and fight as soldiers. Such a race cannot be underestimated.

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t given enough time to dwell on his thoughts. Even if the dishes were already served, nobody ate even a single thing.





thing. All of them were holding their wine cups as they looked at the direction of Billy.

Billy stood up and raised his glass as he said, “Today is a good day for our Dwarf Race. In nearly 300 years, we haven’t managed to invite a new Foreign Elder. Mister Zhao Hai accepting to be our Foreign Elder is a huge honor to our race. Together, let’s give a toast to Mister Zhao Hai!”

All the Dwarves stood as they held their wine glasses up and loudly said, “To Elder Zhao Hai.”

Zhao Hai wasn’t expecting this reception. He also discovered a difference between the Dwarves and the Beastmen. In the Herculean Bull Tribe, announcing him being a Foreign Prince was very straightforward. After drinking three glasses, everything was over.

But for the Dwarves, they held a lot of terminologies in their announcements. They seem to say that they invite someone to be their Foreign Elder. It wasn’t an appointment or anything of the sort, it was very polite.

Zhao Hai raised his wine as well as he returned the gesture, “Becoming a Foreign Elder of the Dwarf Race is a huge honor for this Zhao Hai. I will certainly serve the Dwarves well!” Then he lifted his cup and drank all of the liquor in one go!

Then without any words left to say, Billy and the other Dwarves shouted, “Cheers!” Then they downed their liquor as well.

After drinking one cup, Billy poured himself a second cup as he lifted it again and said, “This second cup is my respects for Mister Juno. Mister Juno has been my friend for a long time. Even if he hadn’t help us Dwarves greatly these past years, he brought us Mister Zhao Hai. To express our gratitude, I want to dedicate this second cup to Mister Juno. He is a genuine friend to our Dwarf Race!”

The other Dwarves, who had also refilled their cups, also said, “To Mister Juno!”

Juno hastily lifted his glass and replied, “The Hurricane Family shall always be a friend to the Dwarves, Cheers!” Then the place became busy as the people downed their wine glasses.

After drinking this liquor, Billy turned to Zhao Hai





Zhao Hai and said, “You can offer this third cup. After that, all the formalities will be done.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he lifted his wine class and said, “I want to thank Mister Juno for bringing me here. I also thank my Dwarf brothers for inviting me to be your Foreign Elder. This Zhao Hai wants to share this cup with all of you, cheers!” Then he finished the wine in his cup.

Since the other Dwarves were aware of the ceremony, they didn’t sit down after the second cup. So after they heard Zhao Hai’s toast, they also cheered loudly before they sat down and indulged on the dishes on their tables.

After the people sat down, only then did Zhao Hai discover that the Dwarves had drank three full glasses of wine. Although their glasses aren’t very big, the liquor that they drank was still of a higher degree than normal. One should know that if one survives drinking just one glass of this liquor, one’s capacity was already deemed to be not bad.

This fact made Zhao Hai figuratively perspire. These Dwarves are truly huge drunkards, Zhao Hai was now doubting whether he can supply them with enough liquor. But on the positive side, the dishes that these Dwarves made tasted very good.

The meal went down in a stellar manner, a lot of Dwarves happily ate and drank. And after the banquet finished, Zhao Hai and the others immediately returned to their own room.

After returning to their room, Zhao Hai immediately drank a cup of Spatial Water. Due to the upgrade, the Spatial water had become much more effective in detoxification. So Zhao Hai’s drunkenness was almost instantly cured.

Laura and the others drank a cup as well. Then after the group flashed to the Space’s villa, Zhao Hai told them about the prophecy of the Dwarves.

Laura and the others didn’t make any noise as Zhao Hai talked to them. Only after the story did Laura comment, “I think that the probability of Brother Hai being the person in the prophecy is very high. Brother Hai already recognized the Divine Artifact, we still don’t know about the Tree of Life.

Tree of Life. Of the Five Forbidden Lands, the Carrion Swamp is already under our control. If we analyze this disaster, then it might very well be related to the Divine Realm. What I think Brother Hai should do right now is to solve the five Forbidden Lands first, that wouldn’t be very difficult, given our current prowess. If Brother Hai unites the five lands, then Brother Hai would take the seat of King of all as stated in the prophecy.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly and say, “I actually prefer all of this to not happen. But from what I can see, it seems like this matter would be inevitable. Alright, no need to think about these for now. In any case, we still need to prepare everything. In the following days, we’ll trade our goods with the Dwarves before we leave for Golden Island. After that, we can then head to the prairie and see the Beastmen’s Divine Artifact while Patriarch Billy collects news about the Elves. If we fix the other two Divine Artifacts, then we can have a sort of guarantee for the future.”

Laura nodded, “I agree. Our opponent will be God-ranked experts. These three Artifacts also have some understanding of the Divine Realm. So we can prepare for the time when the God’s would come.”

Megan nodded as well, “They’re Gods after all, they’re not people to be underestimated. Since those three Artifacts have battled Gods in the past, then they would prove to be useful for our cause.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “If we fix those three Artifacts, then we can immediately go to the other four forbidden areas and conquer them. If there are good things there, then we might even upgrade the Space.”

At this time, Lizzy knit her eyebrows as she said, “Big Brother Hai, can we tell this matter to father? Wouldn’t it be better if he knew about this?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It’s currently not the time to do that. If we tell father-in-law now, then it would be possible for other people to know about it. If the Radiant Church finds out, then we would be in big trouble.”





* * *


  












Chapter 582 – Engraved Ark’s Background

Lizzy nodded, she knew that what Zhao Hai said was true. From the ancient times to the present days, there weren’t any secrets that an Emperor can keep for themselves. Therefore, talking to the Emperor right now wouldn’t be a very good idea.

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “It seems like we don’t have anything else to do right now. In the meantime, let’s head back to Iron Mountain Fort and let Grandpa Green and Grandma Merine be 9th ranks first. After that we can let Grandpa Kun, Rockhead, Blockhead, Shun, and Shue take turns.”

Laura nodded but said, “No need to be anxious. After all, we still have a large number of 9th ranks in the Space. Right, Brother Hai, I think we should check up on the Processing Machine and see if it can make potions that can make 9th ranks into God-ranked experts. Wouldn’t it be great for us if that is possible?”

Zhao Hai stared, he had forgotten about this point. He immediately said, “I had Cai’er look over it yesterday. Cai’er, how was it?”

Just after Zhao Hai’s voice fell, Cai’er immediately appeared in front of Zhai Hai. She faintly smiled and said, “Young Master, rest assured, I already planted some plants that can make God-ranked experts in the Farming Ground. However, there are still some other plants that cannot be grown. But when the Space reaches level 55, all of those can be cultivated. Since the Space is still level 52, I can only put aside the seeds of those plants. When time comes, I shall immediately cultivate them. The Young Master doesn’t need to worry too much about it.”

Upon hearing Cai’er, Zhao Hai laughed and nodded, “Good, Cai’er. Having you really relieves me of some worries”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Thank you, Young Master. Also, Young Master, I can now eat. Please bring me some good food next time.”

Zhao Hai laughed and replied, “That’s not a problem. Just tell me what you’d like to eat, your Young Master wouldn’t treat you unjustly. But isn’t your main body a plant? Isn’t it just fine if you don’t eat?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “I get envious of people sometimes. Even if I don’t need to eat, it doesn’t mean that I can’t.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright. Rest assured, I’ll certainly bring you some food next time. Right, I think there are still a lot of delicious food in the warehouse. You can eat some snacks from there in the meantime” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as he withdrew some snacks from the warehouse and gave them to Cai’er.

Although Cai’er was the Space’s manager, she wasn’t able to touch the Warehouse, that place was under the sole control of Zhao Hai. She doesn’t have the authority to access it.

Seeing these things that she hadn’t ate before, Cai’er began to munch on the snacks like a happy little child. Laura and the others smiled, they seem to see Cai’er’s





actions quite cute.

Seeing Cai’er happily eating, Zhao Hai became happy as well. He turned his attention away from Cai’er as he faced Laura and said, “It seems like the Space needs to reach level 55 as soon as possible. Otherwise, we would be on a disadvantage in the war against the Gods.”

Laura gave a sigh and said, “We’re already at quite a great position. If we go to the Elven Forest as well as the other Forbidden Areas, then wouldn’t we be able to reach that level by then?”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled, he didn’t think that it would be that smooth. One must know that the higher the Space’s level was, the harder the next step would be. Now that the Space had reached level 52, levelling up to 55 would be very difficult.

This time, he used God’s Blood, but it only upgraded the Space by three levels. Where could be find something much stronger than God’s Blood in the future?

But at the very least, they now have a target, which was good. Zhao Hai smiled bitterly as he turned to Laura and said, “Let’s go to the backgrounds and explore them. After all, we still haven’t seen them yet.”

Laura and the others nodded. They also wanted to see the contents of those backgrounds. The pressure has been great to them recently, they needed a short time to relax themselves in some new scenery.

Especially now, after knowing about the matters with the Divine Realm. They felt that their nerves were already quite stretched out to the point of collapse.

The group played around inside the backgrounds for quite some time. They also found the houses inside those backgrounds and rested inside. The rooms were very good, it had quite the modern touch to it, which made Zhao Hai and the others enjoy their stay.

The next morning, Zhao Hai and the others appeared inside the room in the mountain that Billy had prepared for them. Just as they came out, a Dwarf arrived and immediately bowed to Zhao Hai’s door and said, “Elder, the Patriarch is inviting you over to the Dining Hall for a meal.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Thanks” Then the Dwarf smiled before he turned around to leave, looking somewhat shy. Zhao Hai smiled faintly before leading Laura and the others towards the Dining Hall.

Besides Billy and Juno, there were no other people present in hall.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about this and just sat with Billy and Juno. Laura and the others sat on another table as Dwarf women served them their meals before leaving.

After Zhao Hai had sat down, Juno gave a smile and said, “How are you feeling? You’ve drank the same amount of liquor as the Dwarves yesterday.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and replied, “Fortunately, we managed to recover after taking a good night’s sleep. But I don’t think I can drink that much anymore.”

Juno and Billy chuckled, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Yesterday, I’ve sent some Dwarves to





to get plants and Magic Beasts for you. We’ve also included some special ores in the lot. I hope that those things would be useful to you. We’ve made a pile of those things outside. You can take them away later. Will you be leaving after that?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “After getting those things, I’m planning to leave and head to the Prairie hoping to see the Beast God’s Spear. Right, Patriarch, you should keep a warehouse open for me. I’ll be supplying you milk wine every month, it’s total quantity wouldn’t be less than 1 million jin. When that time comes, I’ll be trading them for some ironwares that I would list on a letter along with the milk wine delivery. You can put those things in the warehouse. It’ll make it possible for me to come here and fetch them regularly.”

Billy nodded and said, “Alright, this is not a problem. I’ll keep a warehouse free just for you. At the same time, I won’t be telling your secrets to anyone, you can rest assured.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright. I also still need a period of time to research that God’s Blood. If we succeed, we would be able to gain a method to make 9th ranks into God-ranked experts. So when the Gods come, we won’t be in a huge disadvantage.”

Billy knit his brows as he replied, “I’m afraid that this wouldn’t be easy. Moreover, after people in the continent reaches 9th rank, they would immediately need to ascend to the Divine Realm, otherwise they would receive Divine Punishment. If we make God-ranked experts, then I’m afraid we won’t get much use of them.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also know about this. But even if we don’t have God-ranked experts, at the very least, we can still have a lot of 9th ranks. We shouldn’t forget that it’s already been tens of thousands of years before the war with the Gods. But in these tens of thousands of years, the technology in the continent haven’t progressed by a lot. However, I think that it would be impossible for the Divine Realm to be unable to come up with new things. It might be possible for them to create a process to weaken the barrier to the Ark Continent. If they send an army to attack, our own forces wouldn’t be able to resist.”

Billy sighed and said, “Not only the Gods, I’m also quite worried about the Demons. The God’s might take a long time before coming. However, the Demons have also been taking their time. I heard that the Five Forbidden Areas were somewhat related to the Demon Realm. If you head to the Five Forbidden Areas, make sure to check for signs of the Demons. Right, since you have explored the Carrion Swamp, is the situation under control over there?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Rest assured, that place is already under control. From what I had heard for Sir





for Sir Artifact Spirit, the war with the Divine Realm had caused the barrier to weaken, allowing the Demons entry to the Ark Continent. However, I cannot see any connection to the Demon Realm at this time. So you don’t need to worry about it.”

Juno then felt a connection as he said, “Right, why do I think that the Engraved Ark is connected to the Demon Realm? They don’t seem to act like the Radiant Church who wants to control the continent. On the other hand, it seems like they are hell bent on destroying it. Isn’t this the main goal of the Demons?”

Zhao Hai stared, he hadn’t thought about this possibility. But now that Juno had said it, the Engraved Ark’s purpose of destroying the continent’s races really did seems like it connects to the goals of the Demons.

Gods are different to Demons. Although the Gods were at war with the other races, they still select which of them to deal with while they sided with the Humans. If Humans become Gods, then it would give them much more fighting prowess. The Gods might even make the Ark Continent a place where they can produce a lot of God-ranked experts.[1]

But Demons were different, what they want was the Ark Continent. From what was heard from Cai’er, the environment in the Demon Realm was very bad, so they had been drooling at the sight of the Ark Continent. They held zero regard towards the people living in it, so it wouldn’t be an issue for them to eradicate the entire population. Unlike the Gods, where they want to hold monopoly over the population, the Demons wanted to completely erase it.

Seeing Zhao Hai staying quiet, Juno knew that there might still be some things that Zhao Hai had kept secret from them. Juno and Billy didn’t disturb Zhao Hai’s thoughts, they stayed quiet and let Zhao Hai ruminate over his ideas.

After thinking about this point for some time, Zhao Hai was convinced that the Engraved Ark had something to do with the Demon Race. But if it this was really the case, then the troubles for the Ark Continent had now been increased.

Seeing that Zhao Hai had recovered, Billy immediately said, “What happened? Did you think of something?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “I did just think of something, I’m afraid that the Engraved Ark might have a relationship with the Demons. When I investigated the Carrion Swamp in the past, I had discovered some ancient records detailing the matters of the Demon Race. When the barrier was damaged, people of the Ark Continent came to know of the existence of the Demon Realm while at the same time, the Demons were also made aware of the Ark Continent. It has been known that the Demon Realm is a very hard place to live in. For the Demons, the Ark Continent would seem like Heaven. It had become their goal to live in here, it become

here, it become a must for them to occupy the continent. Because of that, the Demons held no interest in the beings that are currently living here. It wouldn’t be a problem for them if everyone here were to be eliminated. This is very much like the motives of the Engraved Ark. Therefore, I’ve felt a very high probability of the Engraved Ark having contact with the Demon Race.”

When Juno and Billy heard Zhao Hai’s speculations, their faces couldn’t help but turn ugly. Juno’s earlier inquiry was only a shallow prediction, he wasn’t confident in it being true. However, after hearing Zhao Hai, he came to know that this matter was highly possible.

Billy knit his brows and said, “That can’t be right. Why would the Engraved Ark help the Demons? All of the people in the continent hated the Demons.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and answered, “Don’t forget how greedy people can get. They would do anything in order to fulfill their ambitions. If the Radiant Church can brainwash people using religion. Then who can say that the Demons can’t do the same? There is nothing strange about the existence of Engraved Ark.”

Juno’s face became uglier. Others might not know, but he was very clear about how good the Radiant Church was in brainwashing people. His family had suffered because of this aspect. If the Radiant Church didn’t have effective methods of brainwashing, then they wouldn’t have grown this fast. If the Engraved Ark was really a religion set up by the Demons, then Zhao Hai’s speculation might as well be true.

Billy nodded and said, “This Demon Race’s secrecy is much deeper than the Radiant Church. It seems like we need to me more cautious of them.”

Zhao Hai actually shook his head, “Not necessarily. The reason why the Radiant Church had resorted to their present actions was because of me continually interfering with their plans. Because of them being in the light, they had more room for development. On the other hand, the Engraved Ark being very secretive only meant that they have a lack of members. If this is the case, then the threat of the Radiant Church should be bigger.”

Juno coldly snorted as he said, “No matter which one, both of them are very difficult to deal with. Because of Little Hai’s actions, the Radiant Church has been pushed back while the Engraved Ark has always been living in the shadows. This is a very bad situation. It may be possible for them to collaborate in dealing with Little Hai, so you need to be careful.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but force a smile as he said, “This is really ironic. On one side are Gods, and on the other are Demons. If they join forces to deal with us, then we’re done for.”






* * *


  












Chapter 583 – Raising One Level

Zhao Hai has been cursing people a lot recently. He felt very incensed, Gods, Demons, two people who are on the opposite spectrum were pining to occupy the Ark Continent. They might even cooperate in order to deal with its inhabitants. How unfortunate was this situation? How could he be the male lead in this story!!

When Juno heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but coldly snort, “Little Hai, you don’t need to think that the people of the Divine Realm are good. Although a lot of Humans there are from the continent, from what Iron Hammer said, most of its inhabitants are native. Therefore, we don’t need to consider them as people from the Ark Continent.”

Billy snorted as well, “These fellows really cannot be considered to be good. Little Hai, I hope you can develop ways to be God-ranked experts as soon as possible. Perhaps when that time comes, we would feel a lot better when outsiders decide to visit.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he knew that what Billy and Juno said was right. The God-ranked experts in the Divine Realm cannot be considered to be one of them.

Juno then looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Alright, let’s not talk about these anymore. Let’s eat. After the meal, Little Hai can get his goods then we’ll take our leave.”

Billy turned to Juno and said, “What? You’re already leaving? I thought that you would need to stay for a few days?”

Juno forced a smile and said, “Forget it. I’ve already been away for too long. Also, I’ve managed to know a lot of things here. The things that are left for me to handle should be piled up right now.”

Billy nodded, “Alright. Dealing with the invaders is the most important thing, I won’t be holding you back. Let’s eat and then let Little Hai get his goods. At the same time, I’ll also be handing over a letter to be given to the Beast King. If Little Hai gives that to the Beast King, the probability of him seeing the Beast God’s Spear should increase.”

Zhao Hai understood what Billy was trying to do. Although Zhao Hai’s standing in the Prairie was already high, he was still a human





that Beastmen wouldn’t generally trust, especially with the matter of their Beast God’s Spear. But if he had a letter from the Dwarves, in addition to the Elder’s command token, everything should go by smoothly.

The three didn’t waste a single breath. After having their meal, they immediately proceeded to go outside. When Zhao Hai saw the display, he couldn’t help but stare blankly at it. On the ground were more than a hundred types of things. It included about 30 species of unique Magic Beasts, more than 50 types of plants, and more than a dozen kinds of ores. These ores were very rare in the continent, they might not have even seen the light of day before.

However, these nuances aren’t important. What was important were the alive plants and animals. For Zhao Hai these things were too useful.

Zhao Hai wasn’t polite as he immediately received everything into the Space. A prompt was then heard, most of them about the plants and animals. But around the end, the ores were addressed as well. The ores were indeed rare and special. But because the quantity was too little, it would be impossible for them to be like Pure Iron, able to form their own lode inside the Space. However, the Space informed Zhao Hai that when those ores grow in a few years, each one of them would develop their own vein inside.

Because of the Space’s recent upgrades, it had become possible for the ores to grow. In the past, if the amount of ore was this low, then it would be impossible for them to increase. For Zhao Hai, this development was very good news.

But what made Zhao Hai very surprised was the fact that all of these things were able to increase the Space’s level by one. This made Zhao Hai gawk.

With his understanding of the Space, it was impossible for these things to make it increase by one level. The current development truly gave him a surprise.

However, after a moment of thinking, Zhao Hai had found the reason why this was such. It was possible that after the God’s Blood had been absorbed by the Space, increasing its level by three, there were still some energy left behind but was





was unable to raise the Space’s level. The recent pile was just the final push needed by the Space in order to level up.

Zhao Hai didn’t make a big deal out of it. Although the Space had increased by a level, he still needed two levels for something significant to happen. These two levels wouldn’t be very easy to get. He just hopes that the Beastmen had good things for him.

After receiving these things, Zhao Hai and the others immediately went to the empty warehouse that has been prepared by the Dwarves beforehand. Actually, this warehouse was just a very huge cavern inside the mountain range. Moreover, this cavern was completely unused, so there won’t be any fear of any Dwarves stealing stuff that was inside.

When Zhao Hai was finished inspecting the warehouse, the things that he needed to do in the Dwarf Mountains was now almost finished. Arranging Dwarves for the Black Wasteland would still need some time, it was already quite good that Billy was working on it.

Upon finishing these two matters, the group immediately returned to Billy’s office. When they sat down, Billy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I’ve already set up some ironwares for you to bring, but it needs a day to collect. Are you alright with getting them tomorrow?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment, in any case he wasn’t really anxious in leaving, he nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll wait until tomorrow before we leave.”

Billy nodded, then he turned to his workplace and started to write a letter. Zhao Hai knew that Billy was writing the letter that was to be given to the Beast King, so he didn’t disturb him. Instead, he turned to Juno and whispered, “Patriarch Juno, after we leave tomorrow, I can only drop you off in your territory before heading to Golden Island. I still need to prepare for my visit to the Prairie, I’m afraid I won’t be able to stay for long.”

Juno understood, he nodded and said, “That’s not a problem. Dealing with this matter is much more important. After all, we still have a lot of time in our hands in the future.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Certainly there’ll be a chance. But there is one thing





one thing I’ll need your help with. Since my territory is far from the Ocean Waves Dynasty, I wouldn’t have a huge opportunity to observe it. It’s possible for the Dynasty to have already fallen to the Radiant Church’s hands. I’ll have to trouble you to keep your eyes on them.”

Juno smiled and said, “No problem. We’ll handle this matter with care. If we have any information, we’ll pass it to Billy and have him place the letter along with the goods in the warehouse. This way, news arrives to you much quicker.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright. About the Gods and the Divine Realm’s matter, please refrain from telling anyone about it. We cannot afford to make a stir if this gets spread out. This would only bring us harm.”

Juno nodded, “Rest assured, I understand the implications. I won’t tell anyone about it. Right, I’m planning to send some people over to Golden Island to do business, can you see to it that they are settled properly?”

Zhao Hai smiled, “That’s not an issue. I’ll go inform the island’s manager about this later. When your people arrive at the island, just tell the people in charge that you’re the Hurricane Family. They shall help you get settled in.”

Juno patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Thank you, Little Hai.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You’re too polite. We’re now allies, so you’re absolutely welcome in my territory. Besides the people of my Buda Clan, only you and Patriarch Billy knew about my secret, even my father-in-law doesn’t now. You should also keep that secret from the others.”

Juno gave a smile and said, “Rest assured, I’m not that neglectful. But I really didn’t expect that the poisonous fog in the Black Wasteland was your doing. Moreover, that poisonous gas can actually harm 9th ranks. No wonder nobody discovered your roots. With that place as a den, nobody would be able to guess it.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s no other way. In the past, our Buda Clan was still very weak. If people found out that we’re still in the Black Wasteland, they might go and deal with us immediately. And although we have the strength right now, I still don’t want to restrict my freedom.

restrict my freedom. There are too many greedy people in the continent. If they came to know the situation of my Buda Clan, then they might develop ideas and might turn their attention away from the Radiant Church. That would bring me a lot of troubles.”

Juno smiled bitterly, he knew that what Zhao Hai said was true. Now that the matter with the Divine Realm must be kept in secret, the only thing that can shift people’s attention was the news that the Buda Clan was occupying the entirety of the Black Wasteland, and had made it possible to be cultivated. This news would definitely would cause a huge reaction. In the end, there would be a lot of eyes that would be turned towards the Buda Clan.

The area of the Black Wasteland was too big, and it held a large amount of now arable land. This land of pure wealth would surely cause people to develop greedy thoughts.

The reason why people of the continent were suppressing the Radiant Church was because the church had threatened their rule, posing a threat to their interests. If a huge piece of meat such as the wasteland suddenly appears in the continent, people would take their attention off of the Radiant Church, and then shift towards the Buda Clan.

While they were talking, Billy had already finished writing the letter. He didn’t use paper for it, but instead processed skin of the Iron Beast. The Iron Beast had a lot of uses aside from it being a good material for leather armor. Because of this, the significance of the Iron Beast to the Dwarves was just like what the Argali was to the Beastmen.

Billy rolled up the beastskin and then sealed it. He handed the letter over to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, take this letter to the Beast King. He should be able to recognize that the seal is from our Dwarf Race. I wrote everything about the Divine Artifacts here. I believe that after reading the letter, he should be able to agree to your request.”

Zhao Hai received the letter and nodded, “Alright, I also think that he would agree. My relationship with him is very good, there shouldn’t be any more problems.”





* * *


  












Chapter 584 – Also Wants to Marry?

Zhao Hai was currently standing on the Haven’s bow with Juno. Although they look like they were appreciating the scene of Iron Warhorse River, their minds were on something completely different.

The didn’t have the mood to enjoy the scenery. The Gods and the Demons had given them enormous pressure. It was like they had mountains stacked on their shoulders, making it hard for them to breath.

Two days had already passed from the time that they had left the Dwarf Mountains. In the two days that they were hurrying along, even if they already have a plan to deal with the Gods, they still thought of the matter with a heavy heart.

After some time, Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Since the Dwarves had already started to prepare for war, it seems like the Black Wasteland would need to do the same.”

Juno sighed as well as he said, “Not only you, we’ll be preparing as well. What a pity, our Hurricane Family’s domain is too small. Moreover, we don’t have any good produce in it. Preparing for the future would be quite a problem.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Grandpa Juno doesn’t need to worry. As long as you keep your eyes on the Radiant Church, it’s already enough of an effort.”

Juno sighed, “That’s the only thing that we could do. We’ll have to pass the other matters on to you. Also, Billy needs to convince the Elves to be our allies, otherwise, it would be troublesome.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll also head to the Prairie and talk to the Beastmen. I hope that they can agree based on my merit. Right, let’s not talk about this anymore. Grandpa Juno, what business are you preparing to do in Golden Island?”

Juno smiled bitterly and said, “The usual, basic goods. Our Hurricane Family hasn’t done much business all these years, so we really don’t know anything else.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “How about this. If you really want to do business in Golden Island, you can approach the administrator there. His name is Kun, he’s my wife Laura’s Grandpa. I’ll tell





Grandpa Kun to help you set up a business that can turn a profit.”

Juno smiled and said, “Thank you. Our people really aren’t very suitable for business. In the younger generation, the only one with an eye for business is Kristen. When we send people to Golden Island, she’ll be placed in charge.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly inside without changing his outside expression, he just nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll help them get settled in. However, they might not regularly see me in the island. I’m mostly on other places all year round. If they need anything, they can just ask Grandpa Kun for help.”

Juno didn’t say anything but just nodded. He knew that Zhao Hai had already guessed his intentions. Juno wanted to send Kristen to Golden Island in hopes that she can marry Zhao Hai.

If Juno wasn’t aware of the matter with the Divine Realm, then it would be impossible for him to have such an idea. After all, the Hurricane Family doesn’t seek profit, so it wouldn’t be in their best interests to be married to the Buda Clan.

But now that he knew about the Gods, he couldn’t help but develop this plan. From what he had felt from Zhao Hai, Juno can faintly sense the might of the Buda Clan. Getting good relationships with the Buda Clan would immensely aid the Hurricane Family in the future.

Moreover, Juno somewhat believed the prophecy of the Dwarves that Billy had told him. If that was indeed true, then Zhao Hai would become the saviour of the entire continent. If he didn’t use this early opportunity to establish a connection with Zhao Hai, then he wasn’t worthy of being the Patriarch of the Hurricane Family.

Although the Hurricane Family wasn’t known for its ambition, no Great Clan can completely survive without it. The reason the Hurricane Family was able to survive was because they had maintained their current status. In the Buddha Empire, the Hurricane Family wasn’t the biggest Clan nor was it the smallest. Their status in the empire was just average, attracting the goodwill of the Imperial Clan as well as the other





other Nobles. Their unambitious ways made it possible for them to maintain their status and interests.

However, with the looming threat of the Divine Realm, the situation had changed. If people from the Divine Realm came, the continent would certainly fall into chaos. In this case, rankings and status would be useless, only strength can decide everything.

Because he clearly knew about this point, Juno wanted to arrange Kristen to marry Zhao Hai. Having Kristen do business in Golden Island was the first step.

But Juno a wise old person. He already saw the relationship between Zhao Hai and his wives. And seeing that Zhao Hai’s wives were already very attractive, Juno didn’t directly offer Zhao Hai the marriage. He wanted to make Kristen go to Golden Island first to do business and maybe have a few interactions with Zhao Hai. Juno hopes that the two might develop feelings for each other in the near future.

Zhao Hai telling Juno that he wasn’t in the island most of the time was akin to informing Juno that he was aware of his plan. Zhao Hai wanted to express that there was almost no chance of any marriage happening. But although Juno got Zhao Hai’s message, he still wanted to give it a try.

Zhao Hai looked at Juno’s perseverance and sighed. He had already lived for quite some time in the Ark Continent, so he now understood the thoughts of the people living here. Because of this, he found Juno’s decision to be understandable. But Zhao Hai wasn’t planning on marrying Kristen.

Therefore, he told Juno that he cannot stay in Golden Island for most of the year. So even if he were to get in contact with Kristen, there wouldn’t be a lot of chances to do so.

After another day of sailing, Zhao Hai and the others had finally arrived at the Hurricane Family’s port. The reason why they were able to come back quickly was because they were travelling downstream. Therefore, the ship’s speed was very quick.

Zhao Hai didn’t stay for long, a short time after Juno disembarked, he immediately set sail. And after the ship has sailed, he





sailed, he immediately went to the Space along with Laura and the others. It was time to increase their ranks.

After arriving at the Space, Zhao Hai first went to Iron Mountain Fort to bring Green and Merine over. Then he went to Golden Island to call Kun, Blockhead, and Rockhead. Karen joined the group as well.

Green and the others had no idea why Zhao Hai took all of them to the Space. After the group had sat in the villa, Zhao Hai immediately informed them about the information that he had acquired while he was with the Dwarves. The Divine Realm, the Radiant Church, the Engraved Ark, all of it was told to the others.

Quite some time after they were shocked by the news, Green looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, do you mean that the Radiant Church was tasked by the Divine Realm to control the continent? And the Engraved Ark was tasked by the Demon Realm to destroy it?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, it seems like so. Although I’m not completely sure that the Radiant Church wanted to control the whole continent, we are certain that their intentions aren’t good. If they can control the continent, then they would definitely enslave everyone in it.”

Kun’s face sank as he said, “This matter is too troublesome. Do you have any plans for it?’

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then told them about the God’s Blood as well as the Space levelling up. After Zhao Hai ended his report, Green and the others immediately expressed their happiness. For them this was really good news.

Green laughed and said, “This is fantastic! I’ve waited for this day! Hahaha. I must become a 9th rank expert immediately.”

The others were happy as well, everyone except Karen. He seems to not care about it, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, give me more blueprints. I’ve discovered how marvelous those ideas were just in my small time researching them. Although those didn’t have any Magic Formations, they can actually mimic a formation’s effects. I’m preparing to combine those with Magic Formations, as long as it succeeds, then

it succeeds, then it might lead to something that can change the continent.”

Zhao Hai was simply speechless about this madman father-in-law of his. When others heard that they can become 9th ranks, they immediately became happy. It was only Karen that didn’t care about it and instead only asked for more blueprints.

When she heard what her father just said, Laura couldn’t bear it as she said, “Father, leave the matter of the blueprints to another time. You can now be a 9th rank expert, aren’t you happy?”

Karen nodded and said, “Of course I’m happy. However, I’m much more interested in Little Hai’s blueprints. If we can use Magic along with those machines, we can make a lot of extraordinary things. We can make machines that do our work for us, we can make carriages that can run by themselves, we can use a new type of energy to power our lamps. These things can immensely help the entire continent’s living conditions.”

Zhao Hai stared blankly at Karen, he really underestimated this father-in-law of his. Zhao Hai didn’t expect Karen to come up with these things, it was surprising.

After some time, Zhao Hai recovered as he looked at Karen and said, “Father-in-law, let’s deal with being a 9th rank first. If you become a 9th rank, your lifespan would be lengthened. Then, you would have more time to do research. What do you think?”

When Karen heard Zhao Hai, he thought about it for a moment before he nodded and said, “Alright, let’s deal with that matter first. But if I become 9th rank, you better give me those blueprints.”

Zhao Hai helplessly nodded, he was really speechless about Karen’s ideas. He replied, “Father-in-law can use the Blood Pond in order to become a 9th rank now. Grandpa Green, Grandpa Merine, Grandpa Kun, Blockhead, and Rockhead, can you wait for a day or two? We need to decide which one goes first. People still need to cultivate for some days to become 9th rank. If all of you do it at the same time, nobody would be left to manage Iron Mountain Fort and Golden Island. That wouldn’t be good.”





* * *


  












Chapter 585 – Invited by His Majesty

Green nodded and said, “Alright, Iron Mountain Fort and Golden Island needs to be taken care of. Otherwise, things would go chaotic. I think we need to do it in batches. We’ll have Rockead and Blockhead go first. Then when they’re done, we can have them replace Brother Kun. Then after Brother Kun, Blockhead and Rockhead can go to Iron Mountain Fort in order to replace me and Merine. Shun and Shue can cultivate immediately.”

Nobody disagreed with Green’s proposal. In any case, the Space had now levelled up, it doesn’t matter to them if they delay being 9th rank for a couple of days.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll do it just as what Grandpa Green said. Also, after you go back to Iron Mountain Fort, do find some loyal slaves, and then teach them cultivation. Now that the Spatial Water can increase practice speed, we won’t need to worry about making experts. Select some people from the Giant-horned bulls as well. If we have members from their tribe get strong, then it’ll be good for us.”

The way Beastmen and Humans cultivate is very different. For Beastmen to cultivate successfully, they would need a strong soul beast to be their partner. And with the Space’s recent upgrade, a lot of magic beasts had now become high-grade. So if the Giant-horned Bulls used Space-grown bulls, they would certainly rank up easily.

Green nodded and said, “Alright. Actually, there were already people who had entered my eyes. I’ve known slaves, about 100 of them, that would fit your description. They’ve now become commoners, and are very loyal to our clan. I’ll have them be the first batch to be cultivated.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Good, then I’ll leave this matter to Grandpa’s judgement. Right, everyone, let’s take a look at some of the backgrounds in the Space. The sceneries are quite good.”

Green and the other complied, then Zhao Hai took them to the newly obtained backgrounds. The views on those places were indeed very good.

After having looked at the ten backgrounds, Zhao Hai and the others returned to the villa. Then Zhao Hai took out some water from the Blood Pond for Laura and the others to drink. Green, Merine, and Kun, on the other hand, left the Space.

Laura and the others were quite nervous. The effects of the Blood Pond water wasn’t like Zhao Hai’s Space, promoting him instantly to 9th rank. After drinking the water, they still need to cultivate in order to rank up.

When Laura and the others drank the Blood Pond water, the immediately felt the intensity of the energy that was present inside. They felt their entire bodies heat up as their Battle Qi became agitated. For them, it felt like their bodies had been broken down.

They felt that their skin was about to be blown away. It seems like their bodies cannot handle the enormous energy that was just ingested.

Laura and the others didn’t dare to let this go





on, so they immediately used their own cultivation methods to practice. But since Meg was a Mage, the energy didn’t wander around her body as it immediately went straight to her head. Meg felt an influx of pressure in her mind, making her almost lose her consciousness. However, Meg knew that she couldn’t faint at this time, therefore she endured.

Meg gave it her all in order to stay sober. At the same time, she also called upon the elemental laws and slowly digested the energy that was present.

The other people were practically doing the same thing. Seeing that there seems to be no accident, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh in relief. He knew that the most dangerous time was the moment the water was ingested.

Now, although their expressions were still in pain, it had slowly turned into calmness. Seeing them going stable, Zhao Hai smiled and then went out of the Space to return to the Haven.

The Haven was still cruising along Iron Warhorse River, it still hasn’t entered the sea. Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about this as he just enjoyed the scene on the two banks of the river. This Iron Warhorse River was indeed worthy of being called the most important river of the Buddha Empire. Whether it be a city or a village, all of them had piers connecting to the river. At the same time, ships were constantly flowing through it, the scene was extremely lively.

While looking at these people, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh. Ignorance is really bliss. These average people didn’t need to worry so much. They may get sad, but they can just recover in just a short time. It was impossible for them to have such huge burdens. But this was part of life, Zhao Hai has his advantages and troubles, while the commoners had their own matters as well.

In the past, back on Earth, Zhao Hai couldn’t understand how people from higher statures in life would get into drug addiction, and some even commited suicide. Zhao Hai couldn’t fathom why those people could end up in such a state. Was the pressure on them really that great?

But after arriving at the Ark Continent, especially after knowing about the Divine Realm, Zhao Hai came to understand how much pressure and stress people from high status can have.

This pressure felt like a mountain constantly crashing into your body. Ever since he got the information, Zhao Hai had always felt that his nerves were constantly being stretched out. Zhao Hai was afraid that he might snap one of these days.

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh once again. He looked at the people at both banks and couldn’t help but feel envy. Zhao Hai had always wanted a simple life, but it seems like that life was getting farther and farther away from him.

At this time, the Haven had reached a region near a big city. However, Zhao Hai didn’t plan to stop, he knew that after





after this city, it would only take two more days before they can reach the sea. Therefore, Zhao Hai planned to go through the river as fast as possible.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t expect there to be an iron chain lock in front of him. It seems like its main purpose was to block the Haven from passing.

Zhao Hai gawked, he didn’t say anything and just had the undead stop the ship. He went to the ship’s bow and then looked at the blockade.

On both sides of the iron chain lock were two five masted battleships. The emblems on the two battleships emanated a faint yellow tint and had the image of a heavily armored soldier.

Zhao Hai was very familiar with this emblem, this was the Buddha Empire’s Imperial Badge! The people who were blockading the river was actually the Empire’s navy!

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t know what the other party wanted. But he didn’t worry much about it, so he just stayed put and waited for the other party to make the move.

Just as expected, just as the Haven came to a full stop, a person suddenly appeared on one of the two ships. Behind him were people who were wearing Heavy Armor as well as people with Magic Robes. After appearing on the ship, the man said, “Is this the Buda Clan’s Patriarch Zhao Hai’s ship?”

Zhao Hai looked at the other ship and replied, “This is Zhao Hai. May I know why you are blocking the river?”

The man replied and said, “I’ve seen Mister Zhao Hai. I am the Buddha Empire’s Vice Admiral Ironwood. His majesty is inviting Mister Zhao Hai over to the capital. We’ll have to apologize for causing mister any trouble.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he knit his brows. He knew that he has to go, otherwise, he wouldn’t be giving the Buddha Empire any face. That action would definitely offend the Empire, so after thinking for a moment, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll have to ask the Vice Admiral to lead the way. I’ll have my ship follow you afterwards.”

Ironwood’s voice was heard, “Then we’ll be escorting mister.” After that, they released the chains and slowly hoisted it up. Then the ships turned around and sailed in front of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai didn’t delay and also followed behind the ships.

Their current location wasn’t very far from the Buddha Empire’s Imperial Capital, Iron Knight City. As long as they take a branching river not far away from here, then it would only take less than a day before they arrive.

Constructing Iron Knight City in such a place was due to the Empire’s first King. When he was struggling, he had met his Iron Warhorse Mount in the exact spot where Iron Knight City was built. Wanting to commemorate his meeting with his mount, the old Emperor decided to establish a city in this place, making it the capital of his Empire. He also made a statue of his mount, erected in the middle





the middle of the city’s largest square.

Iron Knight City was placed at the largest branch of Iron Warhorse River. The volume of ships passing through this branch can only be trumped by the main river. There were more than a hundred piers here. With a variety of ships in it, including five-masted ships. There were a lot of people in the place as well, one could say that the city is the busiest hub in the entire Iron Warhorse River.

Zhao Hai stood on the Haven as he looked at the city getting closer and closer. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but force a smile, the Buddha Empire truly had given him good face. The Haven was sandwiched between two five-masted ships. Even if he wanted to escape, he wouldn’t have any avenue to do so.

But Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it. Rosen Empire was the most powerful nation of the continent, and he was the Emperor’s son-in-law while at the same time being the Patriarch of the Buda Clan. He believed that the Buddha Emperor was not planning to do anything bad to him.

The three ships slowly stopped in front of a pier. The undead prepared the springboard as Zhao Hai disembarked from the ship. On one of the two Buddha Empire ships, five people came down. Three of these people had full body armor, while two of them wore magical robes.

After the five disembarked, they immediately went to welcome Zhao Hai. The five arrived in front of Zhao Hai as a robust man in the front gave a bow and said, “Ironwood has seen Patriarch Zhao Hai.”

Zhao Hai looked at this Ironwood. This fellow easily surpassed two meters, he had a silvery while armor that seems to be made from high purity iron. Zhao Hai felt strange when he remembered that this person was a Vice Admiral. If he wore a full armor, then wouldn’t he have a hard time if he fell to the water?

But Zhao Hai still gave a smile and returned the salute, “I’ve seen Vice Admiral Ironwood. For this Zhao Hai to have a Vice Admiral escort him to the capital should be a capital offense.”

Ironwood quickly replied, “We don’t dare. His Majesty gave us explicit order to treat the Patriarch with hospitality. It’s us who have been disrespectful to Patriarch Zhao Hai. Please do accept our apology.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Vice Admiral didn’t do anything wrong, so there’s no need to ask for forgiveness. I’ll also ask f the Admiral for forgiveness in behalf of my wives. They’re quite busy cultivating inside the ship. I’m afraid that they wouldn’t be able to visit His Majesty together with me.”

Ironwood replied, “The Patriarch doesn’t need to be polite. Since your wives are busy, then we cannot disturb them. The Patriarch can rest assured, I’ll have people standing guard here in order to maintain your ship’s tranquility.:

Zhao Hai gave his gratitude to Ironwood, “I thank the Vice Admiral. I think we should be going, I don’t

going, I don’t want to make His Majesty and the others wait for so long.”

Ironwood smiled faintly and said, “We’re just in time. Follow me, Patriarch.” Then he led Zhao Hai to exit the pier. Naturally this pier was used exclusively by Nobles. This was the reason why this place was hardly populated and was very clean.

When Zhao Hai and the others left the pier, they were immediately met by a horse carriage. The carriage was very stylish, it also sported the Imperial Clan’s emblem.

Zhao Hai immediately knew that this carriage wasn’t something that anyone can just ride on. At the very least, the person that can ride this should be a prince.

Sure enough, Ironwood smiled at Zhao Hai and said, “Patriarch, this is His Majesty’s personal carriage. I didn’t expect his Majesty to send his carriage for mister to ride on. It seems like the matter is quite urgent. Patriarch, I’ll have to ask you to please board the carriage.”

Zhao Hai expressed his gratitude before boarding the carriage. Ironwood followed Zha Hai in as well. The inside of the carriage was quite luxurious. Thick beastskin were draped on the chairs, making sitting very soft and comfortable. The temperature inside the carriage was carefully moderated as well. At the same time, one couldn’t feel any shaking inside. It seems like this carriage was very special.

There were also some things inside this carriage that Zhao Hai had found to be familiar, like the magical stove with a kettle. After Ironwood boarded the carriage, he immediately heated the water for them to drink.

Seeing Ironwood’s thick hands handling the drinks very delicately made Zhao Hai feel funny. In fact, Ironwood’s movements were very quick. Before long, the tea was already prepared.

The flavor of this tea was mellow compared to the ones that Zhao Hai had drunk before. Ironwood handed Zhao Hai a cup of it and then said, “To thank mister for coming, let me offer you this cup of golden tea. This is a high-quality good rarely purchased in the continent.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s also the first time that I had drank this type of tea. It’s flavor is also very good. Right, Vice Admiral, if I may inquire, what was the reason for His Majesty deciding to summon me?”

Ironwood smiled and said, “In all honesty, I also don’t know. But from His Majesty’s expression, he looks like he was happy. Mister’s reputation had already spread throughout the continent. And since you came to the Buddha Empire, how couldn His Majesty miss this opportunity to meet you?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s an unwarranted reputation. If we consider everything, it’s my fault for not sending prior word to his Majesty when I decided to visit the Empire.”

Ironwood smiled and said, “The Buda Clan is a Great Clan of the Continent. For Patriarch Zhao Hai to visit the empire himself, how could it be disrespectful? After all, there are also a lot of businesses that the Empire can cooperate with Mister.”





* * *


  












Chapter 586 – Banquet in the Great Hall

Zhao Hai didn’t refute Ironwood’s words. There were only a few people on the continent that didn’t know about the Buda Clan’s goods. The clan was now a very famous Merchant Family.

The Buda Clans wasn’t that reputable before, but now that they had absorbed the Markey Family, nobody dared to neglect them.

The Markey Family was originally one of the biggest Merchant Clans of the continent. Their factories and connections were something that only few can compare to. Although the Markey Family had shrunk its influence and changed its philosophy, it didn’t negatively affect them. Conversely, it actually made them even more famous.

In the past, the Markey Family had been very overbearing in doing business. Although they had worked with a lot of people, these people didn’t necessarily like the family. It was only because of the family’s potential and the benefits that these people chose to cooperate with them.

On the other hand, the present Markey Family was actually acting very fair. Because of this, they had gained immense popularity. Although their business had shrunk, the money that they had acquired by selling Haven Products as well as their current structure made their everyday profits stay the same.

At the same time, the Buda Clan holding Golden Island made it so that people in the continent wanted to win the clan over. Because of the special location of Golden Island, it had quickly become a major marine hub, it immediately became very lively. Therefore, almost every family in the continent decided to do their business there.

The reason this profitable situation stayed tranquil and devoid of problems was the background of the Buda Clan. In the recent months, the Buda Clan had made a lot of world-shaking events. They had shown that they had more than one 9th rank expert in addition to Zhao Hai being a very powerful Dark Mage. It was said that their military strength surpassed that of a Duchy. In this situation, there were only a few people who would dare to offend them.

Now that the status of the Buda Clan was very high, even Empires would need to think twice





before provoking them.

Due to all of this reasons, Zhao Hai believed Ironwood’s statement that the Buddha Emperor might do business with him.

While they chatted, the carriage finally arrived in Iron Knight City’s Imperial Palace. The carriage didn’t undergo inspection as it immediately entered the outer courtyard. Then the two disembarked from the carriage and walked towards the palace.

At this time, the skies had already turned a bit dark. However, the Imperial Palace had already lit their magic lamps ahead of time, making the place bright as though it was still daytime. Under the lead of a eunuch, Zhao Hai and Ironwood then proceeded to the inner courtyard.

The Buddha Imperial Palace looked quite similar to the Rosen Imperial Palace. The ground was paved with stone that shone with a tint of blue as it was illuminated by the lamps.

There were quite a lot of trees all around, but none of them were quite big. This was also something common to Royal Palaces. Although trees were allowed to grow, they very regularly trimmed, making them unable to fully develop. This was done in order to prevent assassins from hiding in those trees to wait for ambush.

Under the court eunuch’s leadership, they finally arrived at the Imperial Palace’s Great Hall. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stay silent before entering the hall, , this was because he had heard clamoring inside. This made Zhao Hai very curious, what was this place? And who would dare to be noisy inside the Imperial Palace?

Before long, they arrived in front of the Great Hall’s door. Upon seeing them arrive, the two eunuchs guarding the entrance immediately announced, “Vice Admiral Ironwood and Patriarch Zhao Hai has arrived!”

The voice of the eunuch sounded high-pitched, however, it still resounded inside the Great Hall. When the announcement was heard, the people clamoring suddenly became quiet. Then a voice was heard from another eunuch, “We invite Patriarch Zhao Hai and Vice Admiral Ironwood inside”

Only then did Zhao Hai and Ironwood enter the Great Hall. Upon entering, Zhao Hai paused. There were a lot of people inside, they should be the Nobles of the Buddha Empire.

With his familiarity with palaces, Zhao Hai knew





knew that the Emperor was holding a banquet. No wonder sounds were heard outside.

Zhao Hai saw a throne present on a meter-high platform in the far end of Great Hall. It was entirely made of gold and was also inlaid with a lot of gemstones, it looked very beautiful.

Sitting on the throne was a person who seems to be quite young, maybe only about 40 years old. However, the person’s stature looked very big. From what Zhao Hai can see, this person was more than two-meters in height, he should be as tall as Ironwood. Although the person was wearing his Imperial Robes, even it cannot hide his enormous body.

This person’s skin had darkened and was like bronze, one might even see reflections on his skin as light hit his face. Although the beard on the person’s face was arranged very neatly, one could still feel a sense of overwhelming aura in them. Zhao Hai was almost certain that this person cultivated Battle Qi, otherwise his body wouldn’t have reached this state.

Zhao Hai understood that this person was the Buddha Empire’s Monarch. Ironwood took a step forward and bowed, “Ironwood has seen His Majesty!”

The person nodded and said, “Stand up, no need to bow, take a seat.”

Ironwood replied, “I thank his Majesty.” Then he retreated before sitting in an empty seat.

Zhao Hai then went forward and gave a small bow, “Zhao Hai Buda gives his respects to His Majesty.”

The Buddha Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and chuckled, “Mister Zhao Hai is too polite. Mister coming to the Buddha Empire is our greatest honor.”

Zhao Hai straightened his body and then smiled faintly, “Zhao Hai came to do some business but didn’t inform His Majesty. This one should be punished.”

The Buddha Emperor waved his hand and said, “What is mister saying? Mister is an honored guest in my Buddha Empire. Mister, have a sit beside me, then we’ll go have a meal.” Then a eunuch issued a command before a team quickly assembled a chair and table right beside the Buddha Emperor.

The seat and table was naturally much inferior compared to the Emperor’s. However, sitting this close to him was already a monument





a monument to Zhao Hai’s status.

Zhao Hai expressed his gratitude before moving to the table that was prepared for him. After sitting down, the court eunuch immediately offered Zhao Hai a glass of fruit wine. At this time, the Buddha Emperor, “Serve the food.” Then eunuchs came in to the Great Hall to serve a variety of dishes, they also came in with additional jugs of liquor.

After the food and wine were served, the Emperor lifted his glass up and said, “Mister Zhao Hai’s arrival today is my Buddha Empire’s pride. Let’s offer mister Zhao Hai our hospitality!”

The Buddha Empire Nobles immediately lifted their glasses and said, “To mister Zhao Hai!”

Zhao Hai quickly replied, “This one doesn’t dare. This Zhao Hai is thankful for His Majesty’s toast” Then he drank his glass of Fruit wine, it tasted very good.

The Buddha Emperor drank from his glass as well. Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, let me personally offer you a cup.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Thank you, Your Majesty.” Then he drank another glass.

After drinking the wine, the Buddha Emperor then said, “I don’t know why mister visited this time, is it for business?”

Zhao Hai whispered inwardly, “I knew it”. He knew that the Buddha Emperor would ask him about this matter. In fact, it was impossible for the Buddha Emperor to know about his trip to the Dwarf Mountains. The Emperor’s question was only for formality.

Zhao Hai didn’t take long before replying, “Answering his Majesty’s question. I came this time to do business with the Dwarves. I heard that they loved wine, and I happen to have a liquor business. Therefore, I came this time to see if I can sell them some.”

The Buddha Emperor’s eyes flashed for a moment before he replied, “Oh, did the transaction go smoothly?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Very smooth. But my business with the Dwarves wasn’t that big. I only traded for some ironware.”

The Buddha Emperor smiled and said, “If mister sells those ironwares to the Rosen Empire, then mister would definitely gain a hefty profit. Let this Emperor congratulate mister in advance.”

Zhao Hai gave a smile and said, “His Majesty misunderstood.


The Buddha Emperor stared, then he asked, “Oh, if Mister isn’t selling them to the Rosen Empire, then where would mister be taking them?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I know Your Majesty has already heard this, but I have some business dealings with the Beastmen. The Prairie had a severe lack of iron, so I’m planning on bringing these ironware to the Prairie. Moreover, when i made a deal with them regarding liquor, I also agreed to their proposal of trading them with iron. And since I’m also quite curious, I went to the Dwarf Mountains and see if they have some to spare.”

The Buddha Emperor nodded and said, “So it’s for the Beastmen. Mister’s contacts are indeed very broad. I didn’t expect that you’d supply the Beastmen to this extent. That’s fantastic.”

Zhao Hai said, “My time trading with the Beastmen was quite short, however, I’ve managed to help them at times, making them trust me in doing business. And now, after the war, the Beastmen didn’t have much need for food, but instead, what they wanted was iron. I originally traded grain with them, but now I can only trade for some ironware. To tell you the truth, I won’t be gaining too much with this transaction. The operating costs alone would cut a huge chunk of the profits. But since I made an agreement with them, I had no other choice but to do it.”

The Buddha Emperor can only smile faintly as he replied, “Mister and the Beastmen’s relationship is indeed very good. After the war, there weren’t a lot of Human Merchants who can come to trade in the Prairie. On the other hand, a big business such as ironware was actually given to mister. It’s quite obvious how trustworthy mister seemed to them.”





* * *


  












Chapter 587 – Magic Beast Business

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Majesty thinks too highly of me. The Buda Clan only does business fairly, that’s why the Beastmen decided to trust us.”

The Buddha Emperor faintly smiled, “Mister doesn’t need to be too modest. Actually, I invited Mister over because I also have a business matter to discuss.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately replied, “Your Majesty can tell me.”

The Buddha Emperor nodded and said, “When our Empire started, our crowning glory was our cavalry. At that time, we were unmatched in the continent. But in the recent years, the Magic Beasts that we had reared were very weak. Moreover, their numbers had shrunk more and more. This is an important matter for the Empire. Therefore, I’m here to ask mister to see if you can buy some Magic Beasts in the Prairie for us. What does mister think about this?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately thought that the Emperor was describing the situation of their breeding grounds. Probably because of the unfavorable conditions, their Magic Beasts have started to dwindle in numbers while degrading in quality. For a cavalry-oriented nation, this was a fatal development. At this time, there were close to no Merchants that were trading in the Prairie aside from the Buda Clan. Therefore, the Buddha Emperor decided to invite Zhao Hai over and propose this business of Magic Beasts.

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and then asked, “What Magic Beasts does Your Majesty want to buy? There are a lot of Beastman races, and each of them had their own unique magic beasts. However, the way these races protect their magic beasts is very strict. For ordinary tribes, maybe this business might go through. But if it involves Warring Races, then the situation would be different. I’m afraid even your name wouldn’t suffice.”

The Buddha Emperor didn’t get angry at Zhao Hai’s words, instead, he just nodded and said, “Mister is really a straightforward person. This Emperor wasn’t deceived. Mister, I mainly want some bull or horse magic beasts. Can mister agree to that?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and replied, “I won’t hide the truth





from your Majesty. My relationship with the Cow Race is very good. If his majesty wanted some bulls, then I can guarantee that I can buy you some. However, for horse magic beasts, I’m still not quite sure. I didn’t have any dealings with the Horse Race before, so I’m not confident in assuring your Majesty about their magic beasts.”

The Buddha Emperor gave a nod and said, “Mister’s words already gave me relief. I want to ask mister to buy at least 5th rank magic beasts. The more the better. The same goes true with the horse magic beasts. I’ll buy as many as mister can supply. I also won’t blame mister if you cannot manage to buy some.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, rest assured your Majesty, I can at least guarantee the supply of bull magic beasts. As for the horses, I can only give it a try.”

The Buddha Emperor held his wine glass up and said, “I’ll have to thank mister for the trouble. Rest assured, this Emperor wouldn’t treat you badly in terms of price.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Majesty is too polite. I’m originally a merchant. Your Majesty giving me this huge business means that you trusted me. Your Majesty can also rest assured that I would give you a fair price.”

The Buddha Emperor laughed and said, “Alright, mister gave me relief. Listening to mister speak doesn’t really give me a feeling that you’re a merchant. Other Merchants sound so calculating, very unlike mister’s refreshing tone.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Majesty might not know, but Beastmen doesn’t like people that are too calculating. If you squeeze them of profits, the Beastmen wouldn’t like you. When I do business with the Beastmen, I always give them a fair price along with good quality products. This is the reason why Beastmen liked doing business with me.”

The Buddha Emperor smiled and said, “I see. There are a lot of people who did business in the Prairie, but there aren’t a lot of people who think like mister. They always think about how to profit off of the Beastmen. Not knowing that it would actually





actually produce such dislike towards them.”

Zhao Hai replied, “That’s right. And now that the war with the Beastmen was still fresh in their minds, nobody would dare come to the Prairie. I think this is a good opportunity. If it was before, I wouldn’t be as confident about buying magic beasts. But now, I think the beastmen would agree.”

The Buddha Emperor laughed loudly and said, “Mister is really wise. Unwise people don’t think about the big picture. Mister is truly a person of great wisdom.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’m not worthy of His Majesty’s praise. I’m just a Merchant. Merchants who only chase small profits are not good businessmen.”

The Buddha Emperor’s laughs got louder as he lifts his wine glass and said, “Talking with mister is truly a unique experience. This Emperor hopes to be mister’s friend.”

Zhao Hai hastily lifted his glass and replied, “This one is unworthy. His Majesty giving me his regards has already brought huge honor to this Zhao Hai. If Your Majesty needs anything from me, then please don’t hesitate to send word.”

The Buddha Emperor gave a faint smile as he drank his glass with Zhao Hai. Although they were talking normally, their voices weren’t loud enough to be heard by the Nobles below. However, when the Nobles noticed how friendly Zhao Hai and the Emperor were, even repeatedly sharing drinks together, they couldn’t help but shake in anticipation.

Some of them knew why the Emperor had invited Zhao Hai over. Now that they saw the two’s interactions, it seems like the deal had come through.

The Buddha Empire’s cavalry crisis not only affected the Emperor, the pressure was also passed down to the Nobles. Because of this, all of them were hoping that this deal with Zhao Hai would go through.

After the banquet ended, Zhao Hai gave his farewells to the Buddha Emperor. The Emperor then had Ironwood arrange some rooms in the embassy for Zhao Hai to stay in. Zhao Hai didn’t decline this invitation. He had noticed that Laura and the others were now awake. He wanted to see them before he took a rest.

This embassy was a place where envoys from other





from other countries would stay. Therefore, the place’s interior was very well decorated. Moreover, it was regularly cleaned all throughout the year. Although Zhao Hai wasn’t an envoy, his status wasn’t low enough to merit him staying in one of the Nobles’ place. Therefore, the only place that he can stay in was this embassy.

After entering the embassy and his room, Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate before flashing to the Space. When he arrived at the Space, he saw Laura and the others in the living room, chatting.

Seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Laura and the others immediately stood up to welcome him. Laura spoke for the group and said, “Brother Hai, after drinking the Blood Pond water, there were a lot of dirty things that came out of our bodies. However, we didn’t become 9th ranks. What’s going on?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s just fine. Your bodies are just expelling some impurities, there’s no need to worry about it. You can just drink some Spatial Water and go back to cultivating. I’m certain that you would reach 9th rank by then. If you feel uncomfortable, you don’t need to rush it, you can just take your time.”

While he was talking, Zhao Hai also inspected the conditions of Laura and the others. He discovered immediately that their skins had become much more delicate. It looked as delicate as a drop of water.

Zhao Hai knew that the reason for this was the expulsion of toxins from their bodies. They seem to have become much healthier compared to before.

When Laura heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but nod and said, “I’m not really feeling uncomfortable with my body. I just feel very weak. I’ll rest for the evening and resume cultivating tomorrow.”

Zhao Hai gave a smile and said, “Alright, cultivating later or now wouldn’t make much of a difference. Right, what’s with the situation with Blockhead and the others?”

Laura smiled and said, “They’re currently inside the Hot Springs, accompanying father to a bath.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, that’s good. When they come out, I’ll also have them take a rest. It’s not too late to cultivate tomorrow.” Laura and the others nodded, then they turned

then they turned to rest in their rooms.

While Zhao Hai sat in the living room, Blockhead and the others came out, along with Karen. Each of their complexions looked very good. It seems like the Blood Pond water has benefitted them a lot.

After the group sat down, Zhao Hai turned to Karen and said, “Father-in-law, I just listened to Laura about how your bodies felt weak. You can just rest first and continue cultivating tomorrow. What do you think?”

Karen nodded and said, “Alright. Even cultivating makes me feel tired. I’ll continue cultivating tomorrow.”

Then Zhao Hai turned to Blockhead and said, “You also, go rest and cultivate tomorrow. No need to be anxious about this thing. Don’t stress your bodies out, it also needs to take a rest.”

Blockhead and the others nodded, then they turned around to return to their room. After that, Zhao Hai called Cai’er over and said, “Cai’er, go count how many 5th rank bull magic beasts we have. The type that’s suitable for the Buddha Empire’s use.”

Cai’er said, “Young Master, didn’t you plan to buy the magic beasts from the Beastmen? Why would you sell the Space’s beast to the Buddha Empire?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m just asking because I’m planning on having Big Brother undertake this business. But you should know that the beasts in the Prairie doesn’t live well in the human lands. I’m planning on buying some magic beasts from big brother and raising them in the Space while selling the pre-existing magic beasts here to the Buddha Empire.”

Zhao Hai knew that this magic beast business was very big. Although he was capable of handling it by himself, he just cannot neglect the situation of Wales’ tribe. For Wales, this business was very important. The Herculean Bulls had just suffered from a disaster, their strength have been severely injured. If this business goes through, then it would greatly help them in their recovery.

Cai’er nodded and then counted in her mind before saying, “Young Master, there are a lot of bull magic beasts in the Space. But these magic beasts are all common bulls. I’m afraid these would look strange outside.”





* * *


  












Chapter 588 – A Series of Promotions to 9th Rank

When Zhao Hai heard Cai’er, he couldn’t help but knit his brows. He knew what Cai’er meant. Because the Space levelled up, the Magic Beasts inside were upgraded as well. Therefore, the most common bull present had turned into 5th rank magic beasts. But its form still remained the same.

In the continent, the common bull was one of the most common magic beast. If Zhao Hai took his common bulls and sold them to the Buddha Empire, then they would definitely be identified at first glance. And if the common bulls reached 5th rank, then they would attract suspicion, which wouldn’t be good.

Zhao Hai thought for a moment before saying, “So the only thing we can do right now is to get Big Brother’s magic beasts to the Space and have them drink some Spatial Water to improve their ranks. Let’s just hope that they can survive in Human lands. Otherwise, we can only provide the beasts from the Space.”

Cai’er didn’t respond. After the Space had been upgraded, even the most inferior magic beasts, like rabbits have become 4th rank beasts. One couldn’t see a low ranked beast anymore. Other people were troubled because their beasts were too low ranked. However, Zhao Hai’s problem was that he had a lot of high ranked beasts.

At this point, the beasts in the Space can only be processed before being sold out. Otherwise, when people find out that even Zhao Hai’s rabbits have gotten to 4th rank, they would immediately assume that he has a way to increase a magic beast’s rank. At that point, nobody would be paying attention on the Radiant Church and would instead shift their attention to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn’t want to reach that state. Although he now had the strength to conquer the continent, there were still the Gods and the Demons that were in front of him, towering like mountains. Zhao Hai knew that if he would take any big actions, then the Radiant Church would possibly start their plan ahead of time. At this point, Zhao Hai cannot make any mistakes.

Since he had destroyed the Radiant Church’s plans time and time again, then it would be impossible for the church to not pay any attention to him. If he shows any flaws in his action, then the Radiant Church would definitely know about it.

The Radiant Church had been operating in the continent for a lot of years. Although they were being pressured by the Great Clans, they still had people in hiding in sight and were gathering news for the church. They definitely still had influence in the continent, Zhao Hai just cannot neglect them.

Zhao Hai can only hope that when he reaches the Prairie, Wales would have the appropriate magic beasts that he needs.

The next morning, Zhao Hai got on board the Haven in order to leave. The Buddha Emperor also sent out a





ship in order to escort Zhao Hai to the sea. Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t decline this hospitality. This was a courtesy that even envoys from other continents didn’t get, which also made the nobles of the Buddha Empire very surprised.

The Buddha Emperor did this because he really wanted Zhao Hai to bring him some magic beasts. And another reason was in order to look good in the eyes of Zhao Hai.

The Buddha Emperor had a lot of contact with different merchants. Although these Merchants had high status, the Buddha Emperor found that he didn’t like them. On the other hand, Zhao Hai was different, he acted like he wasn’t a merchant at all. Because of this, the Buddha Emperor was inclined to give special favor to Zhao Hai.

Monarchs tend to get used to not have any genuine friends, but the Buddha Emperor was quite different. In the past, he was not the most appropriate person for the throne. At that time, he was only the Eighth Prince and was seen as a fool by other people. While the other princes struggled for the throne, he actually ran to the army in order to cultivate.

However, nobody thought that among the princes, he was the one that the old Emperor saw was the most dazzling. In the end, the old Emperor found an excuse in order to deal with the other princes and give all of the power to the Eight Prince, making him the Emperor in the process.

The Buddha Emperor didn’t think that he would obtain the throne. He also thought that his character was very inappropriate for the position. His character was too straight, but since he already had the throne, he can only do his best to protect it.

The Buddha Emperor was not a fool. The reason why he didn’t join the struggle with his other brothers was because he didn’t like killing one another. Naturally, even if he already had the throne, he still stuck with this philosophy.

In the beginning, the other nobles thought that he didn’t know anything, therefore they started to suppress him. However, they didn’t expect that the Buddha Emperor had experience in the army, and were also in good relations with them. When the nobles were about to make their move, the army suddenly appeared on their borders, and with the Buddha Emperor’s own strength, he crushed the ambitions of those nobles.

By personally breaking their resolve, the Buddha Emperor immediately gained huge authority. And from that point on, the empire’s nobles didn’t dare to underestimate their Emperor.

However, the Buddha Emperor had found out that he wasn’t happy even after becoming the monarch. He was used to the army where everyone is in close terms with each other. Quite different from the Imperial Palace, where everyone was out to compete with one another. Even if these people were your officials, you wouldn’t want to be intimate with them. This made the Buddha Emperor very lonely.

But





lonely.

But when he chatted with Zhao Hai, the Buddha Emperor felt that Zhao Hai was the right person to be friends with him. Therefore, he expressed his friendship to Zhao Hai. Moreover, he didn’t do this out of courtesy, he really does want to be Zhao Hai’s friend. This was why he sent a ship in order to escort Zhao Hai.

ZHao Hai didn’t know about any of these, he wasn’t an Emperor, so he couldn’t understand an emperor’s thoughts. What he only saw was the Buddha Emperor attaching great importance to him.

After the Haven left Iron Knight city, he left the undead behind and then flashed to the Space. Laura and the others had already started to cultivate, Zhao Hai wanted to see them get to 9th rank today.

When Zhao Hai came to the Space, Laura and the others were already cultivating. Zhao Hai looked at their expression and saw that they didn’t have the pained reaction from before, this made him relieved.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t think that they would cultivate for a long time. After a whole day and night, Laura and the others had finally started to wake up one after another, but now they were all 9th rank experts. Among them, the strongest was Shue. Not only was Shue a 9th rank expert, he also possessed a Divergent Ability, which meant that his shadows were also 9th rank.

But if they rank themselves in terms of threat, Shue wouldn’t take the first place, instead it would be Shun. Shun was now a 9th rank assassin. His skills had now become much more formidable, he was now close to being unparalleled in his profession.

Blockhead and Rockhead weren’t weak as well. With their mental connection, no 9th rank expert can deal with them working together.

Laura and the others had become 9th rank as well. Although they weren’t the strongest, they weren’t the weakest as well. After all, the energy of the God’s Blood was very potent.

Among the group that had become 9th rank, Karen was the only person who seemed unenthusiastic about it. After becoming 9th rank, Karen didn’t express his glee, he just left the Space and immediately sank into his research.

Zhao Hai was helpless against Karen’s character, he could only go along with Karen’s whim. However, he didn’t give Karen the blueprints immediately. He asked Karen to try out his new ideas first, and when results come out, only then would the new blueprints get handed over.

Karen didn’t care about this, there were still some blueprints from before that he hadn’t fully researched. Therefore, after becoming 9th rank, he immediately went back to Iron Mountain Fort to continue.

After the first batch had become 9th rank, Zhao Hai immediately transferred Blockhead and Rockhead to Golden Island and had them take Kun’s place. Then Zhao Hai asked Kun to drink the Spatial Water and had him cultivate.

What surprised Zhao Hai was the smoothness of Kun’s process in becoming a 9th rank






After thinking about it, Zhao Hai finally found a reason why. Kun had been 8th rank for a long time, sl he only needed a small push in order to become 9th rank. On the other hand, Laura and the others had depended on the Space to quickly become 8th rank. They lacked the experience of cultivation, explaining their slow progress.

After Kun finished cultivating, he immediately returned to Golden Island while Blockhead and Rockhead went to Iron Mountain Fort in order to replace Green and Merine. Green and Merine were also 8th rank for a long time, so their progress to 9th rank was smooth as well. Zhao Hai’s worries had become useless.

When the two left, Zhao Hai also gave them a lot of Spatial Water. The Spatial Water was to be used to cultivate the 100 slaves that they had already picked. Now that the slaves had regained their status as commoners, they decided to give their all to the Buda Clan, becoming loyal and devoted members of the family. Because of this, Zhao Hai gave them the gift of cultivation.

Zhao Hai wasn’t stingy when it came to his people. Since these 100 people were loyal, then it was natural for them to enjoy some benefits. They may even prove useful in the future.

While Green and Merine cultivated, the Haven had reached the sea. At the same time, the Buddha Empire escort ship also left. Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t need to sail on the ship for the entire trip to the Prairie. So he went to the Space and teleported to a place near the Herculean Bull tribe.

Zhao Hai still rode his Blood Hawk when he went to the Herculean Bull tribe. He didn’t want the people of the continent to know that he had become 9th rank. He wanted to keep his rank as an ace to be used in the future.

The Herculean Bulls had been living better days recently. With the support of Zhao Hai as well as having suffered no losses in the war with the Humans, they were now slowly recovering.

Zhao Hai only brought Shue and Shun this time. He was already used to bringing the two along with him. Although the two had already become 9th rank, they were still loyal to Zhao Hai. The two of them were very clear about Zhao Hai’s true strength.[1]

Three blood hawks descended from the skies as it landed at the Herculean Bulls’ main camp. When the Herculean Bulls noticed Zhao Hai, they immediately flocked around him as Zhao Hai gave them gifts before jokingly driving them away.

Zhao Hai was now like a family to the Herculean Bulls, he was now regarded by the tribe members to be one of them. Because of this, Zhao Hai was very comfortable in

very comfortable in joking with them.

Wales and the others were inside the golden tent. Zhao Hai didn’t give any notice as he directly entered the tent. Wales was doing something inside, Yale was present as well. However, Mendez was nowhere to be seen.

When Wales heard that Zhao Hai came, he was about to come out of the tent as Zhao Hai entered. Wales then laughed as he hugged Zhao Hai and said, “Brother, how did you have time to visit? Did you miss your brother?”

Zhao Hai returned Wales’ hug before they let loose. Then after sitting down and had a drink of hot milk wine, Zhao Hai looked at Wales and said, “Brother Wales, I came here this time because I brought business.”

Wales replied, “Business? What business? Also, no need to ask permission from me, just take the goods that you want.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “i know, but this matter is a bit sensitive. The Buddha Empire wanted me to go to the Prairie and buy some magic beasts for them.”

Wales stared, then he knit his brows and said, “They want to buy magic beasts? So it seems like it isn’t argali? Otherwise, there’s no need for you to discuss it with me. What do those fellows want?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Brother should know about the Buddha Empire’s cavalry, especially their renowned Heavy Cavalry. Even facing the Beastmen, those units wouldn’t fall behind. However, they discovered that their magic beasts had been degraded these past few years. This will hugely affect their military strength. Therefore, they asked me to go to the Prairie and buy some 4th to 5th rank bull and horse magic beasts. They want to make those into their mounts.”

Wales knitted his brows, “Brother,how can you agree to this matter? If the Humans get stronger, then it would be disadvantageous to the Beastmen. I cannot sell them these magic beasts.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Brother, you think too much. Even if their strength improves, don’t forget that the Buddha Empire is three nations away from the Beastman Prairie. Even if they want to attack the Beastmen, it would be nearly impossible. Moreover, you seem to forget that the Buddha Empire houses a race that has something that the Beastmen lacked.”

Wales stared, then he looked at Yale as their eyes shone brightly. Then the two looked at Zhao Hai and simultaneously said, “The Dwarves!”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Right. It’s the Dwarves. This time, I also went to the Dwarves under the request of His Majesty the Beast King. He wanted me to go to the Dwarves in hopes of purchasing some ironware for the Beastman race. But as you know, the Dwarves are in the Buddha Empire. If we decline the Buddha Empire’s request, then they might make it harder for us to trade with the Dwarves.”






* * *


  












Chapter 589 – The Divine Artifact is Lost

What Zhao Hai said was the truth. The Buddha Empire was very protective with regards to the Dwarves’ ironware. If Zhao Hai starts to massively buy from the Dwarves, then it would certainly be known to the Buddha Empire.

Although Zhao Hai has the Space, enabling him to not need to go through the Buddha Empire in order to reach the Dwarves, one shouldn’t forget that the Buddha Empire would certainly have their own merchants that would do trade in the Beastman Prairie. And these merchants would be very familiar with Dwarf ironware. If these people discover that the Beastman had a lot of Dwarf goods, then they would certainly find out where the Beastmen got it. If at that time Zhao Hai didn’t help the Buddha Empire with their magic beasts, then the Buddha Empire would immediately take action.

If the Buddha Empire pressures the Dwarves to refrain from selling Zhao Hai their goods, then Zhao Hai would be placed in a tough spot. Even if the Dwarves supported Zhao Hai, in the end, the Dwarves were still located inside the Buddha Empire’s territory. If the Buddha Empire were to wage war with the Dwarves, then things wouldn’t be so good.

In addition to being the Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bulls, Zhao Hai was also now the Foreign Elder of the Dwarves. In this case, he would not only need to consider the Beastmen, he also would have to think about the Dwarves. Neglecting people close to him was not Zhao Hai’s style. Therefore, he would need to facilitate this magic beast trade between the Beastmen and the Buddha Empire. If this goes through, then the trade between the Dwarves and the Beastmen would go smoothly as well.

When Wales heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but knit his brows. At this time, Yale said, “Patriarch, I agree with Little Hai’s plan to sell our magic beasts to the Buddha Empire. After all, the Buddha Empire is too far from us, it is near impossible for us to get into a war with them. In the war with the Aksu Empire, the Rosen Empire might have been able to help, but that was only through their navy. For the





Buddha Empire, it is impossible for them to directly affect our state in the Prairie. If they were to attack by sea, it would take them an extremely long time to do so, so there’s no need to worry. Also, we have a severe lack of iron. If we use our magic beasts to get those, then our Herculean Bull tribe’s strength would be greatly promoted. Lowering the chances of us being bullied in the future.”

Wales held Zhao Hai and Yale in great regard, so he was completely convinced after hearing the two. After he listened to Yale, Wales nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll agree. But Little Hai, you need to supply us with Dwarf ironware.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Sure. I’ve got some of them with me right now, but not a lot. Moreover, I need to spare some of them for His Majesty the Beast King. So I cannot give a lot of them to you. But rest assured, when I return to the Dwarves, I would get you some more ironware.”

Wales knew that Zhao Hai cared for the Herculean Bulls, so he didn’t doubt it. He just nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll leave this matter to you. Rest assured, I’ll certainly help you with regards to this magic beast matter, whether it be bulls or horses.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “Alright, then I thank brother for the trouble. Brother, I have another matter to talk to you about. This is very important, you shouldn’t tell this to anyone. Master Yale, the same applies to you too.”

The two saw that Zhao Hai’s expression had gone serious, informing them that this matter very important, so they immediately nodded. Zhao Hai made Wales vacate the area surrounding the tent, leaving only the three of them in the area. After that, Zhao Hai told them about the Divine Realm as well as the Radiant Church.”

Upon hearing this, Wales and Yale couldn’t help but frown. They didn’t think that the situation would turn out like this. If the Divine Realm was indeed involved, then a huge trouble was coming their way.

After Zhao Hai talked, Wales bitterly smiled and said, “Little Hai, you came this time to see the Beast God’s Spear and fix its





its Artifact Spirit?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right. This matter is very important. Therefore, I’ll be hurrying to Beast God City after meeting you here.”

Wales and Yale looked at each other as they forced a smile. Then Wales turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I’m afraid that you would be disappointed on this trip. Our Beastman Race’s Beast God Spear has been lost.”

Zhao Hai stared, then with surprise he said, “Lost? How could that be possible? That’s the Beastman Race’s Divine Artifact? How could it be lost? When did that happen?”

Wales and Yale smiled bitterly and answered, “This matter occured more than 5000 years ago. In our records, the Beast King of that time wanted to conquer the Northern Icefields. He brought a team of ten thousand people as well as the Beast God Spear in this expedition. After that, they weren’t heard of again.”


Yale sighed and then said, “5000 years ago, the position of Beast King wasn’t held by the Lion or the Tiger race. But it was held by the the strongest fighting race at that time, the Diamond Ape Tribe. It was the Patriarch of the Diamond Apes that brought the Beast God’s Spear to the Northern Icefield. When the Divine Artifact was reported to be lost, the entire race was exiled to the Icefields. They can only return to the Prairie after retrieving the Beast God’s Spear. At present, nobody knew about the fate of the Diamond Apes. And since the Diamond Apes are gone, the position of Beast King was then handed over to the Lion and Tiger Races.”

Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Beastmen to have such a phase in their history. He couldn’t help but knit his eyebrows and say, “It looks like I need to head to the Northern Icefield.”

When Wales heard Zhao Hai, his expression couldn’t help but change, he loudly reacted, “What?! Little Hai, did you just say that you want to go to the Northern Icefield? That’s not good, it’s too dangerous, you cannot go there.”

Zhao Hai knew that Wales was sincere,





was sincere, therefore he smiled faintly and said, “Brother Wales, Elder Yale. I’ll lead you to a place, no matter what happens make sure to control your reaction.”

Wales and Yale looked at each other before they nodded towards Zhao Hai. And then with an intention, Zhao Hai brought Wales and Yale to the Space.

The Space was Zhao Hai’s biggest secret, only people that he trusted came to know about its existence. Since he had contact with Wales and Yale for quite a long time, Zhao Hai had come to trust the two of them, and in addition to the recent developments, Zhao Hai decided to bring Wales over to the Space.

After arriving inside, Zhao Hai then told Wales and Yale about the details of his Space. Then he led them to the Farming Ground, the Bread Trees and then to the Magic Beasts that the Space has raised.

In the end, the three went to the Space’s Villa where they saw Laura and the others. The women had already prepared a table for them to eat. After the group had sat down, Zhao Hai lifted his wine glass to Wales and Yale, “Brother Wales, Elder Yale, I have been hiding things from you. Please accept my apology.”

Wales was not someone that was easily offended, moreover, he also knew that this secret was vital to Zhao Hai’s survival, so he wasn’t angry at all. Instead, he just laughed it off and said, “It’s fine. Brother actually has such a good place. Fantastic, your Big Brother would have to depend on you for our food in the future. So how could I be angry with you about this? Come, let’s drink!”

Zhao Hai laughed, and then drank his cup along with Yale. Zhao Hai turned to Wales and said, “Big Brother, you’ve seen the Space’s magic beasts. Even the most common of them has exceptional strength. I’m thinking of handing some of the high level ones to you and see if your tribe can find a compatible soul beast among them. After that, we can change your mounts, making the tribe much stronger. What does Brother think about this?”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai’s proposal, Wales stared for a moment before he laughed and said, “Good, good. That’ll be great. I’ll go and

I’ll go and see which ones are compatible with us. Right, I think we should exit as soon as possible. Otherwise, we would be making the others wait. They have already prepared a banquet just for you.”

When he heard Wales, Zhao Hai immediately turned to the monitor. There he saw people outside Wales’ golden tent, preparing a lot of delicious food. It doesn’t need to be said that they were preparing a feast and was only waiting for Zhao Hai and the others to go out.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, then let’s head out to eat. We can’t let the others wait for too long. Let’s take these liquor out as well, let everyone share the good stuff.”

Wales laughed, “Alright, but sister-in-laws wouldn’t be able to come out. Otherwise, the others would get suspicious. However, sister-in-laws doesn’t’ need to worry, I’ll have Little Hai take some roasted argali later for you to eat.”

Wales was already familiar with Laura and the others. And in addition to the Beastman’s straightforward attitude, they get to crack jokes with each other quite regularly. Laura and the others were also quite used to this.

Laura smiled and said, “Alright, we’ll wait for it here.” Then the group smiled as the three left the Space and headed outside the tent.

Since Zhao Hai had told Wales about the abilities of the Space, Wales was now quite confident in Zhao Hai’s trip to the Northern Icefields. He even hoped that Zhao Hai would come back with the Beast God’s Spear.

If Zhao Hai retrieved the Beast God’s Spear, there would be two advantages that would happen to them. First was the fact that the Beastmen would once more be under the protection of a Divine Artifact. And the other was Zhao Hai getting a much higher position among the Beastman Race. This would hugely benefit Zhao Hai’s future actions in the Prairie.

As the three walked outside, the other Herculean Bulls immediately went and greeted them. All of those present greeted Zhao Hai with a smile. They liked Zhao Hai very much, not only because he was their Prince that helped them go through tough times, but also because he made the Herculean Bulls live the best life compared to the other races in the Prairie.





* * *


  












Chapter 590 – Meeting the Beast King

After staying the whole day with the Herculean Bulls, Zhao Hai brought Wales and Yale back to the Space. He had them pick a bull magic beast that would suit the Herculean Bulls, the one that was the most compatible to be their soul beast.

In the end, they reached a result that didn’t make them smile. Surprisingly, the beasts most suited for the Herculean Bulls were actually the stoneskin bull as well as the earth cow. It seems like the choice of the Herculean Bulls’ ancestors wasn’t wrong.

Unfortunately for them, the stoneskin bulls and earth cows that the Herculean Bulls were using were very low-levelled. The stoneskin bulls are 6th rank while earth cows are 5th rank.

However, those bulls were upgraded inside Zhao Hai’s Space. The stoneskin bulls were now 8th rank beasts while the earth cows were 7th rank. These were much higher levelled than the ones that the Herculean Bulls were using right now.

One shouldn’t look down on merely two levels. Magic beasts were different from humans and the like. For humans, as long as they had innate talent in cultivation, it wouldn’t be impossible for them to be 8th or 9th rank experts. However, magic beasts have an innate ceiling in their ranks. For a stoneskin bull, 6th rank was the maximum rank that it can achieve, it was almost impossible for it to rise by two ranks. Only if they come across a fortuitous encounter would they rank up from 6th rank.

Therefore, these two extra ranks were extremely important for magic beasts. And with the Beastman’s cultivation heavily relying on their soul beasts, having these high rank stoneskin and earth bulls were very important to the Herculean Bulls.

If the previous strength of the Herculean Bulls were only described as exceptional, with these stoneskin and earth bulls, their strength can now rank within the top ten in the entire Beastman Prairie.

Being in the top ten was an extraordinary thing. One must know that there were a lot of races in the Prairie. But Warring races only numbered less than a hundred. In the future, only a few would dare to annoy Cow Race.

Zhao Hai left 1000 stoneskin bulls and 1000 earth bulls to Wales while getting 2000 ordinary stoneskin and 2000 ordinary earth bulls in exchange. These





bulls would be the first batch that would be sent to the Buddha Empire. At the same time, Zhao Hai also gave Wales some Dwarf ironware before he headed out to Beast God City.

Then Zhao Hai went to Beast God City through the Space. When he came out, he was already on top of a Blood Hawk as it descended down on the city. Ah Tai was already waiting for him there.

When Ah Tai saw Zhao Hai, he immediately went forward and gave a bow, “Young Master, you came. Please board the carriage.”

Zhao Hai looked at Ah Tai and smiled faintly, “Ah Tai, you’ve been working hard, how is the business going?”

Ah Tai smiled and said, “It’s fine, the business is doing very well. After our cooperation with the Beastmen, they would approach us first whenever they need to buy anything. We’re now the most popular merchant in the Prairie.”

Zhao Hai smiled, “That’s good. You’ve been working hard. Doing business with the Beastmen isn’t easy. But remember, as long as it’s not too much, having some losses is fine.”

Ah Tai smiled and said, “Young Master, rest assured, I know what to do. No need to be worried.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he rode the carriage to Beast God City. When he saw Magic Lily store inside, he couldn’t help but feel something different.

Although the store was doing great before, it wasn’t that good. Now, when he arrived, Zhao Hai saw that there were a lot of Beastmen inside the shop’s tent, looking at the goods that were sold.

Moreover, Zhao Hai also discovered that the Beastmen were very enthusiastic while talking to Ah Da and Ah Er. In the past, it was impossible for this to happen.

Then Sister-in-law invited Zhao Hai over to another tent and asked him to sit down. After being served some milk tea, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Ah Tai, Sister-in-law, you don’t need to get busy in receiving me. I’ll only be resting here for a while before going to meet the Beast King. I have something to talk about with His Majesty.”

Ah Tai nodded, he couldn’t help but praise Zhao Hai in his heart. There were a lot of merchants who did business in the Prairie, and none of them had the luxury to see the Beast King. But Zhao Hai was





was different, he can actually see the Beast King.

Zhao Hai drank some milk tea for a while before he left. With Ah Tai driving the carriage, Zhao Hai headed towards the Beast King Palace. Since the guards already knew Zhao Hai, they immediately lead him to the tent for registration.

Since the people inside the tent already knew him, when Zhao Hai came in, they immediately stood up and gave a small bow to Zhao Hai. After that, one of them said, “What brings Mister Zhao Hai here?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately replied, “This Zhao Hai requests to see His Majesty the Beast King. I have a matter to discuss with him, I’ll have to ask for your help to send word.”

The Beastman then smiled and said, “Mister, please wait here. We’ll immediately send someone to inform his Majesty. His Majesty has been asking for Mister for a long time.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ve made his Majesty wait. Please do send word as soon as possible.” Then the Beastman gave a command as a Tiger beastman rushed to the palace.

Before long, the Tiger Beastman came back and made Zhao Hai follow him. But before leaving the tent, Zhao Hai gave each person inside a bottle of milk wine.

The Tiger Beastmen quickly led Zhao Hai to the Beast King’s study. Upon arriving, they were immediately allowed entry by the guard. The Beast King was already in the resting area waiting for Zhao Hai. When he met the Beast King, Zhao Hai immediately gave a salute. The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I’ve been waiting for mister for these past couple of days, you’ve finally arrived. Does Mister bring any good news?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I have good news for Your Majesty. I’ve gotten in contact with the Dwarves and got an agreement with the milk wine. They also agreed to sell me some ironware.”

The Beast King heartily laughed and then said, “Good, that’s fantastic. Mister really helped our Beastman Race. Mister, please have a seat, tell me everything in detail.”

Zhao Hai sat down, and then he looked at the Beast King and said, “Your Majesty, when I went to the Dwarves, I got more than some business. I also gained a new status.” Then Zhao Hai turned his hand and retrieved a token.

Upon seeing





token.

Upon seeing this token, the Beast King’s eyes couldn’t help but light up. He received the command token and carefully looked at it. After some time, the Beast King nodded and said, “This is the Dwarf Race’s Foreign Elder Command Token. I didn’t’ expect mister to become a Foreign Elder to the Dwarves. That’s good news.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Majesty overpraises. This time, I helped the Dwarves with a small matter. Since they are grateful for it, they asked me to be their Foreign Elder. Right, the Dwarf Patriarch has also prepared a letter for Your Majesty.” Then he retrieved Billy’s letter and gave it to the Beast King.

The Beast King received the letter and took a look at the seal before nodding. He unraveled the parchment letter and carefully read its contents. While he was reading, the Beast King’s pupils couldn’t help but contract. Then he focused more on reading the letter.

The Beast King took some time in reading the letter, and while he was doing so, Zhao Hai paid attention to the his expression. Although the Beast King’s expression didn’t change, the slight changes in his eyes was noticed by Zhao Hai.

After reading, the Beast King placed the letter down and then turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Is Patriarch Billy telling the truth? Can you have me take a look at your whip?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he untangled the whip on his waist and called Mu’er out. Mu’er gave a bow to the Beast King who then received the whip.

The Beast King asked Mu’er about several matters before nodding. Then he gave the whip back to Zhao Hai before he turned his head to the guard and said, “Make sure that nobody comes in here. If someone comes, tell them that I have no time.” The guard gave a bow and then turned around to leave the room.

When the guard left the room, the Beast King turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, is this letter real? Do Gods really exist?”

Zhao Hai answered, “Your Majesty, I wouldn’t lie about this matter. This was told to me personally by the Dwarves’ Divine Artifact Spirit. If your Majesty wants to prove it, you can make me take an audience with the Beast God’s Spear. I can assure you that I can make its Artifact Spirit materialize.

Artifact Spirit materialize. After that, Your Majesty can ask him all the questions in your mind.” Although Zhao Hai already knew that the Beast God Spear was lost, he didn’t want to make it known to the Beast King. This was because this matter was held in extreme secrecy. If he lets the Beast King know that he knew about the Beast God’s Spear, then he couldn’t prove that he hadn’t told this matter to other people. Then the Beast King might not believe him.

The Beast King smiled bitterly and said, “My Beastman Race’s Divine Artifact has been lost for more than 5000 years. Even if Mister has the ability, it would be impossible for me to see the Artifact Spirit.”

Then Zhao Hai said in great surprise, “Lost? How could it be lost?”

Then the Beast King forced a smile and said, “5000 years ago, the Beast King of the Diamond Ape tribe led ten thousand people to the Northern Icefields along with the Beast God Spear. He wanted to conquer the area but was consumed by it instead. In the end, the entire Diamond Ape tribe was exiled to the Icefield, giving them the punishment of looking for the Beast God’s spear.”

After some time, Zhao Hai said, “So it was like this. Your Majesty, this one has a small request. I want to enter the Northern Icefield and retrieve the Beast God’s Spear.”

When the Beast King heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but stare at him. Then his expression changed as he said, “That’s no good. Absolutely no good. Mister, the Northern Icefield is too dangerous. You cannot go there. If what Patriarch Billy said was true, then Mister would be the saviour of the continent. And as the hero, you cannot perish in the Icefield.”

Naturally, the Beast King didn’t doubt Billy’s words. This was also related to the characteristics of the Dwarves, they never like to lie and hated people who do. Their honesty is very famous in the continent.

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Your Majesty, there’s no other way. I think your Majesty already believes Patriarch Billy’s statement. So if those three artifacts aren’t fixed, then it would be difficult for us to deal with the Gods. And if the Dwarves’ prophecy is true, then I should be able to safely go out of the Icefield.”





* * *


  












Chapter 591 – The Icefield

The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, you should know that you’re gambling. If you bet wrong, then you’ll be forfeiting your life.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Your Majesty, we’ve been pushed to a corner, so why don’t we gamble? If we don’t get the three artifacts when the Divine Realm comes, we’re done for. Even if we aren’t killed, we would still become their slaves. And I don’t want to live as a slave.”

The Beast King knew that what Zhao Hai said was true. It’s impossible to know when the Divine Realm would attack, Zhao Hai doesn’t need to take the risk. The Beast King thinks that the reason he did this was for the Beastman Race as well as the Ark Continent.

The Beast King stood up and looked at Zhao Hai, “Mister’s heart is broader than the Prairie. Let this king offer you his respects.” Then he gave Zhao Hai a bow.

Zhao Hai quickly stood up and said, “Your Majesty, there’s no need to be too polite. With your Majesty’s agreement, I’ll prepare for two days before leaving for the Northern Icefield.”

The Beast King nodded and said, “Alright, since Mister is settled on this matter, if Mister is able to bring back the Beast God’s Spear from the Northern Icefield, then I shall bestow Mister with the position of the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince. Even if the Beast King changes in the future, your position would still remain.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I thank His Majesty. Your Majesty, please arrange a warehouse for me. This time I’ve brought over some ironware from the Dwarves.”

The Beast King nodded, then he called for the guard and had him arrange the warehouse. Zhao Hai gave the Beast King a bow before leaving with the guard.

After depositing the ironware, Zhao Hai followed the guard back to the Beast King’s study. The Beast King then invited Zhao Hai over to a meal before letting Zhao Hai leave.

At this point, Zhao Hai’s goals had been achieved. He believed that the Beast King trusted Billy’s letter, and would take this matter seriously. The Beast King would certainly make proper arrangements.

After returning to his shop, Zhao Hai began to prepare for his expedition to the Northern Icefield. Since all that he would need is in the Space, Zhao Hai had a meal with Ah Tai’s family first before taking a rest in the Space.

Zhao Hai only stayed in Beast God City for two days before leaving. The Beast King also sent a secret letter to the White Tigers, Polar Bears, and the Hawk King, who were stationed near the Icefields, commanding them to treat Zhao Hai with hospitality. He also told them what Zhao Hai was about to do in the Icefield.

The Beast King didn’t tell them that





Zhao Hai was going to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear in order to deal with the Gods, that information must be kept confidential. The Beast King only told them that he had sent Zhao Hai to the Icefield in order to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear.

The Beast King sent the letter two days prior to Zhao Hai’s departure. Therefore, when Zhao Hai reached Hawk King mountain, he was immediately warmly received by the Ice Hawk King.

Although their cooperation had just started, the Hawks had gained a lot of profits. Since Zhao Hai was also going to the Icefields in order to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear, this made the Hawks look at Zhao Hai in a much better light. They immediately regarded him with more respect compared to before.

Beastmen respected heroes, not to say about Zhao Hai retrieving the Beast God’s Spear, his courage alone made him a hero in the eyes of the Beastmen.

Zhao Hai didn’t stay in Hawk King mountain for too long, he only stayed there for one day. Moreover, he also deliberately told the Hawk King that no matter what happens to him, the milk wine cooperation would still continue, so the Hawk King wouldn’t have to worry.

When the Hawk King heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn’t help but respect him much more. In his opinion, this was equal to Zhao Hai handling the matters after his death.

When leaving the Hawk King mountain, Zhao Hai sat on the back of a Blood Hawk and headed directly to the Northern Icefield. He didn’t bother to visit the White Tigers and the Polar Bears. He wants to quickly settle the matters in the Icefields and then look at the other Forbidden Areas to see if he can get something from them.

After crossing Hawk King mountain, Zhao Hai received the Blood Hawk and retrieved his Blood Ghost Staff. He had the staff transform into a white v-shaped object and invited Laura and the others over as he sat inside to explore the Icefield.

This was the first time that Laura and the others had seen the transformation of the Blood Ghost Staff. It was too mysterious, they curiously explored the inside of the somewhat red and somewhat transparent room that they were in.

This room wasn’t very big, it was about 40 square meters. This room that was made by the staff has the ability to see the outside from the inside. However, there was a tint of red in it, it was like seeing through a red tinted glass.

Zhao Hai didn’t fly too high. Although he can just let the Blood Ghost Staff fly while they enter the Space and look through the monitor, they didn’t do it. Zhao Hai wanted to personally experience the scenery of the Icefield.

The outside was a world of ice and snow, but the inside of the





the room was actually very warm, one cannot feel even a point of coldness. Zhao Hai retrieved some furniture such as some table and chairs as they sat inside and drank while looking at the scenery.

The Northern Icefield looked like a huge stretch of desolate land. There wasn’t anything in it except ice and snow. Zhao Hai hadn’t met a single living being ever since entering the Icefield.

The place was indeed worthy of being called an Icefield. Zhao Hai looked through the monitor and discovered that beneath the layer of snow, there were actually at least ten thousand years worth of ice deposits. The ice was very thick, the snow on the surface seemed to be a small film in comparison to the ice beneath it.

After some time, Laura sighed and said, “This place is indeed to beautiful, however, it is also very cold. It seems like there aren’t any products that we can get here.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “That’s not necessary. You see that land? Although it seems like there’s nothing there, if you look carefully, you will find that there’s something white on top of it. That isn’t snow, but a living creature.”

Laura and the others focused their eyes on the area that Zhao Hai pointed to. And indeed, there was a very thin, thinner than paper, layer of white below the snow. It might look like snow, but if one carefully looks at it, one would discover that it was different. It was like a type of moss, a lifeform.

Megan said in disbelief, “Is that really a lifeform? That’s very weird, how can it survive in this environment? Brother Hai, let’s go down and take some of that stuff.”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “Alright.” Then with an intention, he had the Ghost Staff descend. After that, Zhao Hai retrieved the Staff.

Retrieving the Ghost Staff essentially made the group come in contact with the Icefield. Because of this they flew slowly towards the area. The moment Zhao Hai retrieved the staff, the group immediately felt coldness envelop their bodies. This coldness was different from what they had felt during wintertime. This cold seems to have an essence, it’s like water, squeezing down on their bodies.

One must know that Zhao Hai and the others were already 9th rank experts, their vitality was extremely strong. Even if one doesn’t mention their vitality, their equipment were made to withstand cold and heat. Normal changes in temperature usually doesn’t affect them.

However, the Northern Icefield was different. The coldness present there threatened to freeze their blood, even their minds were starting to slowly come to a halt.

When Zhao Hai discovered this, he immediately moved and had the Blood Ghost Staff cover them, immediately removing the coldness in their bodies.

Laura and the others were panting. Lizzy couldn’t bear it and said, “What was that





was that coldness? I’m 9th rank right now, but I was actually about to be frozen. With this low temperature, is that thing really alive?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he cleared the snow in front of him. The snow was thick and also quite hard. While Zhao Hai was stepping on it, Zhao Hai felt that it was no different from standing in stone.

After clearing some layers of snow, Zhao Hai stopped. Then with an intention, he retrieved a patch of land and absorbed it to the Space. The group entered as well.

It didn’t take too long before a prompt was heard, “Special lifeform discovered. Lifeform can survive in extremely low temperatures. Extracting the life form’s properties. Increased the Host’s resistance to cold.”

Then Zhao Hai threw the patch of land on the ground before turning to the others and said, “I’m not mistaken, that thing is really alive.”

Laura and the others looked at the patch of land that was thrown on the ground by Zhao Hai. After it fell, none of the snow fell down, it seems like the ice and snow was harder than stone.

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and smiled faintly, “So what do you think? You still want to go and sightsee?”

When they heard this, Laura and the others couldn’t help but shiver. Laura said, “It’s fine, let’s just stay in the Space and have the Blood Ghost Staff fly outside.”

Zhao Hai smiled at the staff. To be honest, he didn’t want to go out of the Space. The scenery looked good, but it wouldn’t take a long time before he would get bored of it.

The group sat down in the living room as Zhao Hai retrieved a bottle of rice wine. After the group drank a cup, they couldn’t help but let out a long breath. The cup of wine made their bodies warmer, the coldness had finally started to leave their bodies.

After placing her glass down, Megan let out a long breath and said, “That was scary, too scary. Indeed worthy of being one of the Five Forbidden Areas. Even 9th rank experts would freeze to death here. I think that this place is much more frightening than the Carrion Swamp.” Laura and the others nodded in agreement.

Seeing their reactions, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “We’re just unprepared this time. If we had, then wouldn’t we know what we are going to encounter? And since we haven’t seen any Diamond Ape corpses, then it means that it’s possible to get into a deeper part of the Icefield. I want to go further until we spot some of them. After we do so, we’ll be able to gain some insights on where the Beast God Spear is.”

Laura knit her brows as she said, “Brother Hai, do you really think that there are any Diamond Apes left? This is the Icefield,

is the Icefield, how could that be possible? It’s impossible for those apes to be all 9th ranks. The coldness of the Icefield would be enough to freeze them solid. How would they be able to survive?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You shouldn’t underestimate the potential of people. Think about it, our Human bodies are much more inferior to the Beastmen, yet here we are having close to equal military power. Even if we cannot beat the physique of the Beastmen, we can breach the gap through cultivation. Not to say about the original Royal Race of the Beastmen. For a long time, the Diamond Apes had the seat of the strongest, it would do them disservice if we compare them to the current Royal Tribe.

Laura thought for a moment and then said, “Alright, then let’s go look for them. I really want to see what the Diamond Apes looked like.”

Zhao Hai smiled and then controlled the Blood Ghost Staff to continue flying in the Icefield. But to Zhao Hai’s disappointment, they didn’t meet any other living being aside from the white moss. They saw some ice cold bodies on the surface, but these were already here for a long time, their bones were now made of stone.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about it and just controlled the staff to search the Icefield. In any case, they were in the Space, so there was no reason for them to stop searching.

After two days of looking at the Icefield, the only moving people that Zhao Hai can see were some Polar Bears doing their own thing. Zhao Hai made sure that the staff goes unseen as he continued to search.

After two more days of searching, Zhao Hai still hasn’t seen anything besides the white moss. Aside from that moss, the only thing that he constantly saw were ice and snow.

These past couple of days of searching, Zhao Hai solidified his belief that some Diamond Apes have to have survived. And even if some of them died, he should still be able to spot some of their corpses. But until now, he wasn’t able to spot a large number of bodies.

The search went very tasteless, but Zhao Hai insisted. He didn’t believe that he cannot find a single clue about the Diamond Apes. Even if he didn’t, he was still sure that he would be able to see another kind of life form. It was impossible for the Northern Icefield to only house those white moss, there should be other beings living here.

The reason why Zhao Hai had such confidence was his experience back on Earth. Even in the most unforgiving environments of the planet, there were still lifeforms that managed to survive. The North Pole and the Antarctic of the Earth was just like the Icefield, so he firmly believed that other life forms was present here.





* * *


  












Chapter 592 – Discovery

The Northern Icefield was much bigger than what Zhao Hai had imagined. He reckoned that the place was much larger than the Carrion Swamp. Even after investigating for ten days, Zhao Hai still didn’t have a substantial harvest. What he saw were only some frozen bones, but those had already been ruined by the winds of the Icefield, making them incomplete. Because of this, Zhao Hai has no way to know what race of people those bones belonged to.

But Zhao still insisted on pushing through, watching the screen everyday. Laura and the others had stopped doing so long time ago. The scenery in the Icefield was very monotonous, it might even drive people crazy.

There was only one thing that they can see here, and that was the plain white landscape of the Icefield. Aside from that, there was virtually nothing.

Zhao Hai stared at the screen carefully, he didn’t want to miss anything. He just took some rest from time to time.

In fact, Zhao Hai’s trip didn’t have much of an impact to his usual operation. After all, he has the Space, he can return to the continent at any time. He can still handle his businesses as well as the Buda Clan’s matters.

The Buda Clan’s matters were already on track, so Zhao Hai didn’t really need to manage it too much. The Buda Clan wasn’t the same as the other families that were to centralized on their patriarch. Zhao Hai’s matters were now mainly taken care of by Laura and the others, leaving him with very little to do.

The feelings of Laura and the others towards each other were also very good. And they also knew about Zhao Hai’s personality, so there was no jealousy present that was common in noble households, saving Zhao Hai lots of worries.

Actually, this was partially due to the Space. The Space can slowly change a person’s thinking. And since Zhao Hai was the host, people would slowly





see him much more favorably.

Laura and the others also underwent this change and were now centered around Zhao Hai. Because of this, they didn’t become jealous of each other.

But in the end, this change was vastly slower compared to the Space subduing the 9th rank Magic Beasts. Because of this, nobody knew about it, even Zhao Hai.

On Zhao Hai’s 12th day in the Icefield, he was still staring at the blank landscape. Zhao Hai was also starting to get tired at this point.

At this time, a strange thing attracted Zhao Hai’s attention. It was a piece of rock, just an average piece of rock.

If this rock was placed on other places, then it wouldn’t be very strange. However, this was the Northern Icefield, rocks were foreign existences here.

Zhao Hai looked at the the rock while the staff slowed down. He directed his focus in order to inspect what this rock was.

The monitor seems to understand Zhao Hai as it enlarged the rock’s image. It even allowed Zhao Hai to see the entire thing.

When Zhao Hai saw this rock, he couldn’t help but get shocked. He couldn’t be blamed, the rock’s form resembled an animal that he knew, a giant ape.

The bodies of giant apes are very huge. Aside from Little Jin, all of the other apes were very enormous, especially those who didn’t break through.

This ape in front of him, however, had a much bigger build. From the looks of it, this ape was about ten meters in height, it looked like it had a body that defied common sense. But the ape was now sealed in ice.

Upon looking at this ape, Zhao Hai immediately related it to the Diamond Ape Tribe. He knew the Beastman custom of having their unique magic beast. Moreover, he also asked the Beast King about the Diamond Ape tribe’s magic beasts, so that he can track the Beast God’s Spear much easier. Since he was doing it for the Beastmen, the





the Beast King didn’t hide anything from him. The Diamond Apes were the sole race in the Prairie that didn’t have any mounts. But even if they didn’t have a mount, they still have their beast relatives by their side. These beasts not only provide the Diamond Apes with great strength, they also increase their defensive power. This ability also made true that they share their life and death with the Diamond Apes. Once their master dies, these Magic Beasts would perish as well.

Because of this symbiotic relationship, the spiritual connection between the magic beasts and the Diamond Apes gave them even more benefit and higher power than the other Beastmen. And in turn, this strength made the Diamond Apes the Kings of the Beastman Race.

Zhao Hai looked around but cannot see a corpse of a Diamond Ape. This made Zhao Hai feel odd, if a diamond ape died here, then there should certainly be a Diamond Ape Beastman present. Why can’t he see one?”

While Zhao Hai was puzzled, Cai’er said, “Young Master, the Diamond Ape is in this thing’s belly.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he focused the monitor to look at the diamond ape’s belly. Upon looking, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get shocked. It was because in the internal organs of this diamond ape, there was actually someone, a Diamond Ape.

Zhao Hai clapped his hands as he laughed loudly. He was happy because he had finally found something in the Northern Icefield after a long time. He had finally found a Diamond Ape corpse, and in a good condition at that!

Zhao Hai’s excitement certainly alamred Laura and the others. They immediately went to the living room and looked at the monitor.

It didn’t take a long time for them to gawk at what they had seen. They also expressed their happiness, every one of them was very excited.

Zhao Hai gave a smile, then a white flash appeared as the Diamond Ape was observed inside the Space.

Zhao Hai didn’t





Hai didn’t place the corpse inside the villa, but placed it outside. Then he led Laura and the others to it.

The diamond ape was sealed in a bunch of ice, the same applied to the Diamond Ape inside its body. The diamond ape was curled up, so with it was no wonder that it looked like a rock from far away.

Although it was already dead, the diamond ape still looked very fierce. It’s imposing aura was very astonishing. One could see for frightening it would be too meet it when it was still alive.

Laura and the others gathered around the body of the diamond ape. They didn’t find the corpse strange, after all, Zhao Hai had millions of them. They were already used to it.

After looking at the corpse, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “I didn’t expect the Beastmen to have such a race. Compared to Little Jin’s tribemates, these fellows were much more larger, they looked more frightening as well.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “They were once the rulers of the Prairie, people who made the other Beastmen bow. So it was certain that they were fearful. Alright, let’s melt them first before turning them into undead.”

Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as water from the Hot Spring was slowly sprinkled on the ice. However, Zhao Hai didn’t expect the ice to be so hard. Spraying Hot Spring water to the corpse had become just like spraying water into glass.

Zhao Hai stared, then he waved his hand once more as a he fired a Fireball towards the ice. Only after that did the ice start to melt.

Zhao Hai released more fireballs in order to melt the ice. He also paid extreme attention to his movements in order to not burn the corpse.

When the two bodies seem to have thawed, Zhao Hai waved his hand as a mass of black mist surrounded the body. He wanted to turn the diamond ape as well as the Diamond Ape

the Diamond Ape beastman into undead.

But to his disappointment, the diamond ape as well as the Beastman in its belly remained unresponsive, it didn’t turn into an undead.

This startled Zhao Hai, his Dark Magic had always been effective to all corpses, why did it not work on this diamond ape? Zhao Hai was puzzled as he re-cast his spell, which still ended up in failure.

Zhao Hai was confused, so he knocked his staff onto the corpse, discovering that it was still hard as a rock. It seems like it had been frozen for a long time that it had been petrified.

This made Zhao Hai feel relief, he stored the corpse and then returned to the villa. Then he released his staff once more and searched for other diamond ape corpses.

Completely different from the more than ten days of nothing, Zhao Hai had suddenly come up with diamond ape corpses one after the other. Zhao Hai discovered that these corpses were also sealed in ice, with the Diamond Ape beastman inside the bodies of the diamond apes. At the same time, all of them were also petrified.

In the next three days, Zhao Hai found about a thousand diamond ape corpses. All of these corpses were the same, they all contained a Diamond Ape inside. Moreover, the corpses seem to extend in a straight line.

While looking at these corpses, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but picture a scene. The Beastmen’s most powerful race, exiled to the Northern Icefields, facing the brutal environment. All of them were fueled by this obsession of retrieving the Divine Artifact. All of them were undergoing this journey of death.

In the days before, it seems like they hadn’t discovered how to take care of their dead bodies. But in the place where Zhao Hai saw the first diamond ape, it seems like they already found out a method, It’s a special way of burial in which they would bury the Beastman inside their soul beast.





* * *


  












Chapter 593 – Volcano

Although deaths have appeared among them, the Diamond Apes that have survived still pushed on. Some people might die, but their pride as the Royal tribe of the Beastmen gave them the motivation to not back down. They just buried their loved ones before resuming on their death march.

This scene jolted Zhao Hai, the Diamond Apes were truly worthy of being the Kings of the Beastmen. With such determinations, it wasn’t a wonder why their status was too great.

Laura and the others were similarly shocked, they cannot believe how an entire race would share the same obsession. They clearly knew that they would die, but they also knew that they were duty-bound to not come back, the Beast God’s Spear was just too valuable.

Zhao Hai calmed himself before having the Blood Ghost Staff proceed forward. With the number of corpses that he received getting more and more, he didn’t have the time to try turning them into Undead. He wanted to bring these corpses to the Prairie and give them a proper burial. They belonged to the Prairie, and it was proper for them to be buried there. In Zhao Hai’s mind, they already had the qualifications to do so.

Ten days after discovering the first Diamond Ape corpse, Zhao Hai had already stored about 10 thousand Diamond Ape corpses. The majority of these corpses were the elderly and children.

Zhao Hai didn’t explore other places right now, the trail of corpses were already his guide. As long as he follows them, then he would surely reach a destination.

After a month of flying around, the Diamond Ape corpses had already numbered to about five hundred thousand. This wasn’t a small number.

Most large tribes in the Prairie had about 1 million members. And for a huge warring tribe like the Tiger race, it might even be less. The more powerful the race, the more difficult it would be for them to multiply. Less powerful tribes, on the other hand, had great fertility.

Since the Diamond Apes were the strongest at their time, then it would be impossible for them to have very large numbers. By the





time he reached 500 thousand corpses, Zhao Hai can no longer see elderly and children among them. Most of what he acquired at this point, were young and able men.

One must know that although Zhao Hai took a long time to collect these corpses, he was someone who was flying in the Icefield. Now imagine the state of these Diamond Apes, how long did they have to walk this way without stopping, how long did they kept their resolve? Zhao Hai doesn’t dare to imagine it.

It was very difficult for Zhao Hai to think about how these Diamond Apes were able to survive in such a climate. Their ability to penetrate this far into the Icefield was a monument to the tyrannical strength of their race.

After three days of flying, Zhao Hai discovered from the monitor that some black spots were spotted at a distance. He immediately enlarged the image and couldn’t help but get shaken. This was because he had discovered a mountain, but what’s most surprising in this mountain were the trees that were present. How could fully grown green trees be present here?

This might not be strange in the continent, but what shocked Zhao Hai was the fact that it was here, in the Northern Icefield. There was almost nothing here aside from snow and ice. Who would’ve thought that a mountain would be present here, and with a tree growing on it.

Zhao Hai immediately commanded the staff to fly to the mountain, while simultaneously collecting the corpses along the way. The number of corpses that he had received has now numbered to about seven hundred thousand.

Because he was still storing the corpses, Zhao Hai took a little over two days before he arrived at the mountain. At the same time, Zhao Hai discovered that the area close to the mountain was devoid of any Diamond Ape corpses.

This fact made Zhao Hai excited, it was just like what he had thought, the Diamond Apes didn’t die out. The tree in the mountain represented the fact that there was warmth present there, which would in turn allow a person to survive. It was possible





possible for the Diamond Apes to thrive on this mountain. The absence of corpses in the surroundings meant that the surviving Diamond Apes had already retrieved them.

Zhao Hai was elated, he immediately had the monitor focus on the mountain. He wanted to know what this mountain was and see if there were people present.

Upon further investigation, Zhao Hai discovered something that made him excited. There were roads paved in the mountain! It was artificial, moreover, there were evidence that some people had walked on them.

With his excitement still present, Zhao Hai immediately came out of the Space and turned the Ghost Staff into a shuttle before flying towards the mountain.

After he came out, he had discovered that the temperature near the mountain was quite high. It had the same temperature as the middle of the day in the continent, no wonder a tree can survive here for so long, it was actually very warm.

The higher one gets to the summit, the temperature get warmer. Moreover, traces of activity can be seen, the roads looked to be constantly maintained, but Zhao Hai cannot see a single person yet.

When Zhao Hai was halfway up the mountain, he couldn’t help but stare. What he saw looked like a city. A stone wall was present, although it wasn’t very high, it was certainly something that a person had built.

Then Zhao Hai saw something move, it was a person. He immediately opened the monitor to look, and there he saw a leather-clad Diamond Ape Beastman.

Zhao Hai flashed into the Space and carefully looked at the city using the large screen. The city was not very big, it can probably house about 100 thousand people. The outer walls was made of large stone, it had a height of 20 meters, and a thickness of 10. On the walls, Diamond Apes can be seen on sentry duty while wearing their leather armor. Every Diamond Ape were next to their diamond ape partner, a beast 10 meters in height. These diamond apes were either sitting or lying down. They looked very docile, but Zhao Hai didn’t doubt their fighting prowess.

Another thing that made Zhao Hai





Zhao Hai surprised were their weapons. The weapons that the Diamond Apes were using were actually made of wood, they seem to have no ironware.

Their weapon looked like a thick wooden club, this club was no thinner that Zhao Hai’s arm. Moreover, it looked pitch black, but its appearance looked very sturdy.

Zhao Hai also noticed that the Diamond Apes seemed to be quite anxious. They were constantly looking for something in the distance. This made Zhao Hai feel strange, he didn’t understand why the Diamond Apes were anxious. Are there any enemies on this mountain? Even if there were, with the fighting strength of the Diamond Apes, what were they afraid of?

Zhao Hai also noticed that there were no gates on this wall. The whole stretch was made as solid as possible, there was no way out.

He was confused with such an arrangement. Even if the Diamond Apes had their giant partners to carry them, wouldn’t leaving the city be very inconvenient? Why would they do this?

While he was inspecting the walls, he discovered that there were traces of fighting present on it. The traces were very strange as well, some of it looked like it was caused by wild beasts, some looked like traces that a blade or a sword might make.

Then Zhao Hai shifted his gaze towards the city. The houses on this city were made of stone, and were of two stories, the lower one probably housed the diamond ape beasts. On the upper floor, there were some hay mats on the ground, each one occupied by a person. Anything else that was inside the houses were either made of stone or wood.

The city was quite lively, there were small Diamond Apes frolicking around the streets. Women of the Diamond Ape tribe were making leather armor, the elderly were making wooden clubs. These clubs looked just the same as the weapons that they were using. Some of the children used these clubs while learning how to fight.

Zhao Hai looked to another part of the mountain and discovered some magic beasts that were being raised. The beasts looked just like the blue eyed rabbit, but they

rabbit, but they were evidently bigger, about as big as a pig. There were a lot of these beasts, and they were partitioned by wooden fences.

After further inspection of the mountain, Zhao Hai finally discovered how these people were able to live in this place, and why trees were growing here. It was because the mountain was actually a volcano, an active volcano. The crater on it summit was constantly spewing steam.

Because the thermal energy of the volcano was negated by the cold environment, it had allowed the Diamond Apes to survive in it. It seems like this place was where the Diamond Apes had ended up in.

But Zhao Hai can also see that the overall strength of the Diamond Ape tribe had been damaged severely. Their entire race was now reduced to about 100 thousand people, and that was including the old and weak. Moreover, they seem to have met an enemy here, otherwise the guards on the walls wouldn’t be looking so anxious.

Zhao Hai took a closer look at the mountain. The area of this volcano was very huge. There were also places where traces of people can be seen. At the same time, he also found out that there wasn’t only only mountain, there were actually 13 peaks. The outer parts of this group of mountains was the only one with traces of activity.

Zhao Hai turned to the other peaks and discovered why they were virtually unexplored. The place was too hot, the only lifeforms that were able to survive here were fire element plants. Most importantly, the volcano seems to be unstable, like it could erupt at any time.

However, there weren’t a lot of lifeforms that could be seen on the other peaks. There were some fire element magic beasts, but Zhao Hai can see that their levels weren’t very high. So naturally, these beasts weren’t the enemies of the Diamond Ape tribe.

After looking through the huge mountain, Zhao Hai decided to meet the Diamond Apes in order to acquire some information. If they had found the Beast God’s spear, then it was good, but if they haven’t, a heading would still suffice.





* * *


  












Chapter 594 – Excitement

Zhao Hai flashed out of the Space and then released Alien. He watched from inside the undead’s body as it slowly crawled towards the mountain.

Before long, Alien had arrived in front of the Diamond Ape tribe’s city. While inside Alien, Zhao Hai looked at the city with his own eyes. Just as Alien was halfway up the mountain, the people on the walls started to spot him. The Beastmen immediately took into action, the giant apes stood up, seemingly ready for combat.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare when he saw what just happened, he immediately had Alien stop and then loudly introduced himself, “Beastman brothers, don’t panic. I’m not an enemy, I didn’t come to attack you.”

Zhao Hai’s words took the attention of the people on the walls. When his voice was heard, the Beastmen were shocked. Then they looked at each other in utter disbelief.

Zhao Hai understood the reactions of these Diamond Apes. They were in this place for over 5000 years. 5000 years wasn’t a short period of time, and in those years, they didn’t have any contact with the outside world. Otherwise, the Beastmen wouldn’t be clueless about their situation. Now that they heard someone else talking to them, they couldn’t help but doubt their ears.

However, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything else. He wanted to see what the reaction of the people on the wall would be and judge whether the enemy of the Diamond Apes were beasts or people.

While thinking about these, Zhao Hai walked out of Alien’s body. He appeared in his Magic Robes and staff. After going out, he stored Alien back into his body.

Upon seeing Zhao Hai come out, the Beastmen couldn’t help but see the excitement. Zhao Hai looked at the Beastmen on the walls and couldn’t help but smile. He could imagine what these people were feeling right now.

He had no worries as he walked up to about only 12 meters away from the wall. Making the people see him clearly.

Zhao Hai looked at the wall and the Diamond Ape beastmen that were present, The Diamond Apes stood still at the walls while looking at Zhao Hai, their bodies seem to be trembling.

Then Zhao Hai gave a salute to the Diamond Apes and said, “Beastman Brothers, I’m called Zhao Hai. I came from the Beastman Prairie.”

An elderly Diamond Ape’s face looked emotional as he suddenly shouted in grief, “It’s been 5000 years! My Diamond Ape tribe…” Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, please wait a bit, I’ll immediately have someone come over and get you.”

Then he gave an order to a Diamond Ape, who then brought his diamond ape down the wall and appeared in front of Zhao Hai.

The Diamond Ape beastman was more than 2 meters tall, from Zhao Hai’s eyes, they seem to be 3 meters. Zhao Hai looked at the Beastman and





smiled, “Zhao Hai has seen Beastman brother.”

The Diamond Ape returned the courtesy and said, “Human Brother, did you really come from the Prairie?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I did.”

Then the Diamond Ape asked, “Can sir please tell me what the Prairie looks like?”

Zhao Hai stared, but he immediately thought that since the Diamond Apes have survived for 5000 years here, the current generation were people who hadn’t been to the Prairie before. So in their minds, the Prairie was a foreign place. To them, the Prairie was a place of legend, a beautiful place, their origin.

When Zhao Hai was about to answer the Diamond Ape, the elderly Diamond Ape shouted loudly, “Little Six, what is taking you long? Don’t ask mister any questions yet, quickly take him here.”

When this Little Six heard the old man, he embarrassingly scratched his head and said, “I’ve been unfair to mister. I actually forgot about my taks. Mister, please sit down on my Liwa’s shoulders. We’ll be taking you to the city.”

The Liwa that the Diamond Ape mentioned was naturally the gigantic ape right beside him. Zhao Hai looked at the diamond ape that was standing there like a human. It towered at a height of ten meters, it was a true colossus. For it to be called Liwa was actually very intriguing.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright.” Then Little Six beckoned to the diamond ape as it squatted and extended its hand towards Zhao Hai.

The hand opened up as Zhao Hai stood directly on it.

Then the ape placed Zhao Hai on one of its shoulders before placing Little Six on the other. Then it stood up and crawled up the wall.

It didn’t take a long time before the ape had climbed up the wall and placed Zhao Hai back down. The old Diamond Ape then arrived in front of Zhao Hai and said, “Human friend, I am Patriarch Tess of the Diamond Ape tribe.What is your purpose in coming here?”

Zhao Hai gave respects to the Patriarch before he smiled faintly and said, “Patriarch, I’ve received a task from the current Beast King to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear inside the Northern Icefield. I didn’t expect the Diamond Apes to still be living here, if I bring this news back, I’m sure the entire Beastman Race would be very shaken.”

When Tess heard Zhao Hai, his face couldn’t help but turn gloomy as he said, “My tribe is deemed to be criminals. If we return to the Prairie, we would certainly not be popular. Mister, please come with me and discuss this matter some more.”

Zhao Hai complied and then walked together with Tess towards his house. The people of the Diamond Ape tribe came over and surrounded Zhao Hai. He seemed to be regarded as an attraction, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly.

Before long, Zhao Hai and Tess finally arrived at a house.





house. This house was quite ordinary. It didn’t have much of a difference compared to the other Diamond Ape houses.

Below the house were seven diamond apes, four big and three small. The three small apes followed Zhao Hai and Tess inside the house, the others were driven out.

Tess welcomed Zhao Hai to the second floor to see his family. Tess’ family was quite simple, he and his wife were a couple, and then he had a son and a daughter in law as well as three grandchildren.

Zhao Hai exchanged greetings with the family before they sat down. Then Tess turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, did you just say that you were sent to the Icefield by the Beast King in order to search for the Beast God’s Spear?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes. My relationship with the Beastmen is quite good. In the entire continent, it was impossible for this matter to be revealed. Because of this, the Beast King gave me an order to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear inside the Icefield.”

Tess then sighed and said, “In the past, my tribe has lost the Divine Artifact in this Northern Icefield, which was a serious offense that we had committed. In the end, the tribe was sent into exile here. It has been 5000 years since the first Diamond Apes were recorded to have penetrated the Northern Icefields, with a resolve to die here if they couldn’t retrieve the Beast God’s Spear. In the end, only 5000 members were able to reach the volcano and had settled here. We still haven’t given up in looking for the Divine Artifact. But it has not been very easy these past thousand years. We don’t know when it started, but ice beasts had started to desperately attack us. Because of them, we were forced to bunker up and defend, causing the retrieval of the Divine Artifact to be delayed.”

The only thing that Zhao Hai knew was how serious the losses of the Diamond Apes were. Stored in his Space, there were about 700 thousand Diamond Ape corpses. Surviving with 5000 people was just short of being extinct as a tribe. Only after 5000 years of development did they had manage to recover and become 100 thousand. One could clearly see how severe the price they had paid just because of the Divine Artifact.

But Zhao Hai didn’t think about these now, from what he heard from Tess, the Beast God’s Spear was still lost. It was still somewhere inside the Northern Icefield.

Zhao Hai quickly responded, “Patriarch, what were these ice beasts and ice people that you were talking about? I’ve seen some traces of attack on your walls, were they the cause of it?”

Tess sighed again and replied, “That’s right. According to the records of my tribe, these people appeared more than 1000 years ago. I don’t know what they are, but their bodies





their bodies were all made up of ice, may they be in the shape of a person or a beast. Despite the composition of their bodies, they can still move freely. They didn’t seem to be intelligent, but they were very difficult to deal with. If you don’t break their heads, they would not die. Fortunately, the volcano had somewhat weakened them. Otherwise, our tribe would have already been exterminated a long time ago.”

Zhao Hai stared, it was the first time that he had heard of such a life form. He looked at Tess ands aid, “Patriarch, did you say that their bodies are all made of ice?”

Tess nodded and said, “Right, their entire bodies are comprised of ice, we’re sure of it because their bodies were somewhat transparent. When they are killed, they would immediately turn into water. They don’t look like a lifeform, but their fighting strength wasn’t very weak.”

Zhao Hai knit his brows, this was the first time that he had heard of this detail about the Northern Icefield. It was indeed worthy of being called one of the Five Forbidden Areas.

Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, has come at a tricky time. I estimate that in the coming days, those ice beings would attack. At that time, I think mister would understand after seeing them with your own eyes.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright. I have also been travelling for a long time, I really need a good rest. I apologize to the Patriarch for disturbing your city.”

Tess smiled and said, “Mister is too polite. You’re our first visitor for more that 5000 years. Naturally, we would need to entertain you well.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Tess and said, “Patriarch, while on the way here, I’ve discovered a lot of Diamond Ape corpses. I have brought those corpses with me, how would you want those to be processed?”

Tess stared, then he stood up as his expression changed, “Did Mister really bring those corpses?”

Zhao Hai also stood up as he nodded, “I did. To be honest, I’m very astonished by it. There were about 700 thousand corpses in total. If I didn’t have a Space equipment, then I simply couldn’t bring them with me. Patriarch, I really admire your tribe. For your tribe to still strive up to this point, I believe that you have already been redeemed.”

When Tess heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment before he suddenly cried and said, “Ancestors, can you hear this? Someone said that our crime has been redeemed, you can now rest in peace.” Tess’ wife, son, and daughter-in-law stood up as well.

Zhao Hai knew that the Beast God’s Spear was a huge thorn in the hearts of the Diamond Apes. He said that in order to somewhat appease their hearts. But him saying this was not without foundation. He truly thinks that the Diamond

that the Diamond Apes have already paid enough for their crime.

After some time, Tess’ mood slowly calmed down, then he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, may I be able to see my ancestors’ remains?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he walked outside as Tess’ family immediately followed him behind. Upon arriving outside, Zhao Hai discovered that the place was full of Diamond Apes, they were all looking at him curiously. Zhao Hai smiled faintly, he felt like a monkey in a zoo, being gazed upon by onlookers.

Tess looked at the faces of these people and said, “Everyone, come to the city’s wall with me. Mister Zhao Hai just told me that he had brought the remains of our ancestors. Join me in bringing respects to them!”

Upon hearing Tess, the surrounding Diamond Apes turned silent for a moment before an uproar came about. They immediately passed the news around, and before long, every person in the city came to know about it.

Zhao Hai knew how the Beastmen regarded their ancestors. For Zhao Hai to bring their ancestors’ bodies with him was already a huge gesture of kindness towards the Diamond Apes.

Zhao Hai didn’t waste time. As he got on the wall with Tess, and then down again to the area outside, he immediately released the petrified corpses.

Tess looked at the corpses on the ground as tears came flowing out of his eyes. He gently walked towards on of the corpses, and then as he was sobbing he said, “This is indeed my ancestors’ remains. At that time, because they were afraid that the corpses would disintegrate in the harsh environment of the Icefield, they decided to place the bodies inside their companions. The skin of a diamond ape would slowly petrify as soon as it dies, allowing it to protect what was inside its body. Since they were hurrying along, they can only resort to this method of burial.”

Zhao Hai only released about a hundred corpses before he stopped. The area outside the wall was too small, it was impossible to release every single corpse. Therefore, he just released a hundred before turning to Tess and said, “Patriarch, the corpses are just too many. I cannot place them all down here, what do we do?”

Tess looked at the remains and sighed, “I’ll have to trouble mister to bring the remains down the mountain and then release them into the Icefield. After we give our respects, then we would be cremating them.”

Zhao Hai then asked, “Cremate? How come I couldn’t remember any ritual of cremation among the Beastmen?”

Tess nodded and said, “That’s true, there wasn’t a ceremony of cremation among the Beastmen. But our Diamond Ape clan decided to do it as a form of gratitude to the life that was given to use by this volcano. Since the time we settled here, we had changed our death ceremonies into cremation.”





* * *


  












Chapter 595 – Cremation

Zhao Hai nodded, he can understand their decision. They thought that they were about to be eliminated and then suddenly a place like this appeared that can allow them to live. In this case, it wouldn’t be strange for them to grab the opportunity. Not wonder, even for the Beastmen to have not done cremation before, they decided to do so right now.

But Zhao Hai thought about it and decided to remind Tess, he opened his mouth and said, “Patriarch Tess, my Space is very big. If I can find the Beast God’s Spear, I can bring these remains back to the Prairie. How about burying them back there?”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Tess couldn’t help but stare, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Is mister telling the truth? Is it possible for you to take these remains back to the Prairie?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It’s true.”

Tess looked at the remains, and then he looked back at the mountain. He sighed lightly and then shook his head, “Forget it, we’ll go through with the cremation. My tribe would still look for the Beast God’s Spear. But I think we don’t have a place to return to anymore.”

Zhao Hai looked at Tess and said, “Patriarch, I came this time to seek the Beast God’s Spear, and I’m confident in being able to find it. If I retrieve the Divine Artifact, then can’t you return to the Prairie by then?”

Tess looked at Zhao Hai and then smiled bitterly, “Mister, to tell you the truth, what’s the point of our tribe returning to the Prairie? Our Diamond Ape tribe has a magnificent past, we were once the Royal Clan of the Beastman Race. But our entire tribe has been exiled here, and was now reduced to 100 thousand members. Even if we return to the Prairie, what can we obtain? Can our small tribe of 100 thousand people survive there? Won’t the present Royal Tribe see us as a threat? Mister, to be honest, we do long for the Prairie, but at the same time, we are also afraid to return.”

Zhao Hai was shaken, he didn’t think that Tess would have thought this far. Are they really the Beastman tribe that was





known to be straightforward? This was a wise old man who had already seen the world.

Zhao Hai knew that what Tess said was true. The status of the Diamond Apes was too awkward. They were the previous Royal tribe, and was now reduced to a small tribe of 100 thousand members. Even if they have formidable fighting strength, what would they bring when they go back to the Prairie? The other Beastmen were already used to being under the rule of the Lion and Tiger races. If another Royal tribe returns, then things would get complicated.

Because one couldn’t exist along with the other, it was inevitable that a war would happen. Once their status was be placed on the line, the Lion and Tiger races wouldn’t give the Diamond Apes any opportunity, Therefore, being suppressed and eventually withering away was a possible outcome for them.

Zhao Hai sighed, he didn’t say anything more, he turned around and then stored the remains back into the Space. He then led the people of the Diamond Ape tribe down the mountain, When they reached the flat icefield, Zhao Hai immediately released all of the corpses before silently going off to the side.

Tess and the other members of the Diamond Ape tribe carried on with their rituals. Their ceremony was very simple, they killed some magic beasts and then made some rituals on bended knees. There weren’t a lot going on. However, the Diamond Apes wept upon seeing their people who have died. These were their ancestors.

After some time, Tess went to Zhao Hai as he bowed and said, “We thank mister Zhao Hai. We’ll have to ask mister to please take these remains to the summit.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then received the corpses again. Then together with Tess and the others, they began to walk towards the summit. The higher they went up, the higher the temperature became, but that didn’t matter. When Zhao Hai arrived at the summit, he saw a huge crater. It was round, and was spewing white gas into the air, one could even see faint signs of fire here and there.

Zhao Hai looked carefully and saw that under this crater was a magma pool. The magma inside was tumbling around, but it doesn’t





doesn’t look like it was about to erupt.[1]

Under the request of Tess, Zhao Hai dropped the bodies into the crater as the Diamond Apes resumed their ceremony Then they returned to the city, Zhao Hai was led by Tess back to his home.

When they arrived back home, Tess’ wife and daughter-in-law went to prepare for dinner while Tess, his son, and Zhao Hai sat on the living room. Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, can you tell us briefly about the current state of the Prairie?”

Zhao Hai didn’t decline, he nodded and then spoke up. He had a complete understanding of the Prairie at this point, so it wasn’t a problem for him to tell them.

Actually, even after 5000 years has passed by, there weren’t a lot of developments in the continent. Even the magic system remained virtually unchanged, the same was true for the Beastmen. The only thing fairly new was the fact that the Beastmen can now use the soul of their beasts in order to cultivate. They had also learned how to look for appropriate beast souls as well as appropriate mounts.

But one shouldn’t look down on this achievement, the Beastmen had done a lot of tests in order to achieve this point. In turn, it managed to increase their overall strength. Just imagine the difference between beastmen riding common bulls versus beastmen that were riding their exclusive mounts.

Five thousand years was quite a long time, even some of the Beastmen had changed their weapons in this period. But all of these 5000 years of change wasn’t recorded on the Diamond Ape tribe’s books.

Tess’ wife and daughter-in-law were already done making their meal, but Tess was still not willing to move. He was too deeply focused on Zhao Hai’s narration.

Only after his wife had called him several times did Tess woke up from his stupor, he looked at Zhao Hai embarrassingly and said, “I’ve been unfair to mister, let’s go have a meal first.”

Zhao Hai nodded with a smile, then he went along with Tess’ family to the dining room. The place wasn’t very big, and the inside only had ordinary wooden furniture. All of the things inside were either made of wood or made of stone. It was nearly





was nearly impossible to see any ironware. If there were 1 or 2, those ironware were still heavily damaged due to prolonged use.

Zhao Hai didn’t laugh at them, after all, Beastmen weren’t good in handling iron. Moreover, from the looks of it, there weren’t any iron deposits that can be seen in the vicinity. And even ironware was already considered to be a miracle if the Diamond Apes were able to bring them along in the first place.

However, one couldn’t just devalue these people, they still had some sort of talent in them. From what Zhao Hai can see, the things in Tess’ house that used wood or stone were made very well. They were very smooth to the touch and even the stone knife looked very sharp.

They used a stone pot and a stone slab in order to cook the food. They didn’t have much of a flavor, but it still tasted very good. And most importantly, they also had their own wine here. When Zhao Hai asked, the wine was made from a fruit that can be found in the mountain. The fruit had a sweet taste, it was very good.

After having eaten their meal, the group returned to the living room. Then Zhao Hai resumed talking to them about the matters of the continent. The Beastmen, the Humans, all of those things were told to Tess.

Although Zhao Hai’s narration wasn’t comprehensive, he still finished talking deep into the night. Only after Zhao Hai was done did Tess and the others noted that it was already very late. They immediately prepared a room for Zhao Hai, asking him to rest.

After Zhao Hai entered his room, he immediately flashed to the Space. Even if it was late, Laura and the others were still not asleep, they were currently in the living room, chatting.

Seeing that Zhao Hai has arrived, Laura immediately smiled and said, “Brother Hai, you finally came back. You look very tired, Haha.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he was far more than tired. He felt that his throat was about to emit smoke, moreover it was also very painful. If he didn’t treat it, then he might not be able to talk tomorrow.

Zhao Hai immediately drank a cup of Spatial Water. After feeling well, he

feeling well, he turned to Laura and said, “I can’t help it. Tess is too enthusiastic. Why haven’t you gone to rest, did something happen?”

Zhao Hai already told Laura and the others that he had something to do outside, so they can just rest ahead of time. But it appeared to be useless, the women didn’t listen to him.

Laura smiled and said, “Something did came up. Brother Hai, you seem to have forgotten since you’ve been focused on the Icefield for one month. We think it should be time for the Buddha Empire to get the first batch of magic beasts.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he couldn’t help but smack his own head, “I forgot. Good, please arranged for it. Right, did the fleet from Golden Island arrive?”

Laura smiled and said, “They’re already on the coastlines of the Prairie. I’ll have them stop for a couple of days before going back. After all, 4000 beasts aren’t that much. If we make them stop there for too long, people might get suspicious.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll hand this matter off to you. It would be best if the beasts get as minimal contact with the Space as possible. If they get promoted inside, then it would be very troublesome.”

Laura and the others couldn’t help but chuckle. Others were afraid that their magic beasts wouldn’t be able to improve. Only their group were an exception, they were actually afraid of their magic beasts levelling up too quickly. If this was revealed to the outside world, people would kill them.

After some time, Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, does the Diamond Apes really not want to return to the Prairie?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he told them about the worries of Tess. After listening to Zhao Hai, Laura and the others couldn’t help but nod. They understood Tess’ worries. This matter was quite common, after all, no race wanted to give up their authority.

If it was the past Diamond Ape tribe, then it wouldn’t be a problem since they possess tyrannical strength. But now they were reduced into a small tribe, they don’t have the ability to rule anymore.






* * *


  












Chapter 596 – Hiring Oneself

The political struggles of the Beastmen were much more worse than the Humans, and Laura and the others had experienced these things. Therefore, when they heard what Zhao Hai had said, they immediately knew what was going on.

Lizzy knit her brows for a moment before her eyes suddenly lit up, “Big Brother Hai, so you’re saying that it would be impossible for the Diamond Apes to return to the Prairie? If that’s so, then how about inviting them over to the Black Wasteland?”

Zhao Hai stared, he had not thought about it until Lizzy reminded him. If Tess and the others don’t want to return to the Prairie, then how about having them go to the Black Wasteland? The Black Wasteland was also very huge, he had also planted some grass on the still unoccupied lands. At this point those grasses should have healthily spread.

Wales was still in severe need of manpower right now, so the slaves still cannot be given to Zhao Hai. If the Diamond Apes were to settle in the Black Wasteland, then the current deficit would be solved.

Although they had lived for 5000 years on that mountain, Zhao Hai can see that the Diamond Apes haven’t given up in their tradition of herding. They were mainly focused on herding, there doesn’t seem to be much farming going on. Because of this, having them herd in the Black Wasteland would be quite feasible.

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai couldn’t bear but nod repeatedly and said, “That is a good idea. If we can invite them, then we would have an additional 100 thousand people that can help us. Moreover, the fighting strength of the Diamond Apes are strong. Having them with us will give the family another trump card.”

Megan nodded and said, “That would be very great. Moreover, Elder Brother Hai, I think Tess would ask you tomorrow about why you agreed to seek the Beast God’s Spear. You can use that opportunity to tell him about the matter with the Divine Realm. Then you can see if they would like to come with us. If they don’t want to, then that would not be a problem. But I think they would agree, after all, without our help, it would be impossible for them to go out of the Icefield.”

Laura smiled and said, “I also





think that they would agree. They have lived in this volcano while in constant worry about it erupting. We can help them go live in a new environment, there’s no reason for them to oppose to it.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Who knows, maybe they have the ability to return, but they just chose not to. Alright, let’s go take a rest. Tomorrow, all of these matters would be settled.” Then he walked towards his room while pulling Laura. Laura’s face couldn’t help but turn red while Lizzy and the others were chuckling.

The next morning, Zhao Hai went out of Meg’s room (this is not a mistake, he also went there. Hahaha) Then he went out of the space and returned to the room that was given to him by Tess.[1]

Although one could say that Zhao Hai had practically zero rest, it didn’t affect him much since he was now a 9th rank expert. He didn’t feel any tiredness at all.

When Zhao Hai returned to his room, he arranged his clothes before going out. He didn’t see Tess anywhere, but he didn’t care about it. He went out quite early today, this was because he wanted to see get some unique beasts and plants from this volcano. Even if they cannot increase it’s level, it can still provide some experience.

Zhao Hai came out of the Tess’ house and saw that there were already quite a few people outside. These people had just woke up and were preparing for their work. Most of these people were elderly. Their jobs were quite simple, and it was to sweep the streets of the city. The fighting strength of older people had waned, so they weren’t suitable for defending the city. Therefore, the only thing that they could do was this.

Zhao Hai greeted these old people with a smile while the old people quickly returned the courtesy. They were very grateful to Zhao Hai because he brought the remains of their ancestors over, which was also one of their concerns.

After greeting the elderly people, Zhao Hai went to the wall. After seeing Zhao Hai, the guards immediately gave him a salute, of which Zhao Hai returned the gesture. After his salute, Zhao Hai informed them about his intentions before he summoned Alien and went out of the city.

He didn’t want to fly here, since it would





would make the Diamond Apes know about his strength. Therefore, he summoned Alien to be his transport.

Outside of the city was a forest, so Zhao Hai had alien patrol it for a while. Whenever he saw any unique plants and so on, he would immediately absorb them into the Space. Although the prompts kept coming, there was no notification regarding a level up. Zhao Hai already expected this, so he didn’t feel anything strange.

Alien was quick, and with the recent promotion of the Space, its might had also gone up. As long they weren’t 8th rank, Alien can forcefully catch them and store them into the Space. Because of this, Zhao Hai was comfortable and just sat inside as he left all the work for Alien.

It didn’t take a long time before Zhao Hai finished patrolling the mountain that the Diamond Apes were living in. The mountain did have some good plants and animals in it. It might be because it was a volcano, but most of them had the fire attribute. Although the Space didn’t level up, it’s fire attribute had been increase. This was a kind of success for Zhao Hai.

After touring the mountain, Zhao Hai felt that it was time, so he immediately headed towards the Diamond Apes’ city. He figured that it was about the time where most people would wake up.

As expected, when Alien arrived at the city, most people have already got up. Tess was in the wall and had been waiting for his return. Upon seeing Zhao Hai come back, Tess couldn’t help but feel relief.

After sharing a breakfast, Tess invited Zhao Hai to the living room. After sitting down, Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, yesterday I asked you about the matters of the continent and discovered that the present relationship between the Humans and Beastmen wasn’t very good. Moreover, they even had a recent war. I want to ask why did the Beast King trusted Mister with the task of retrieving the Beast God’s Spear?”

Zhao Hai already expected this question yesterday, so he had thought of an excuse. He told Tess his status in the Prairie as well as him being a Foreign Elder of the Dwarves. At the same time, he also presented a token, it seemed to be made out of beast bone and it had a carving of the





of the word King(王) on it.”

Naturally, this wasn’t the Beast King’s command token, but instead, it was the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince token. The Beast King gave this token to Zhao Hai. In any case, if Zhao Hai can retrieve the Divine Artifact, he would become the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince. And if Zhao Hai failed, then it was probable that he would perish in the Icefield. Therefore, the Beast King giving this token in advance wasn’t much of a big deal.

When Zhao Hai showed the Foreign Prince token, Tess immediately believed him. This was because this Foreign Prince token was illustrated in their tribe records. Moreover, this token originated with the Diamond Apes. But they gave this token to a Dwarf Master Artisan instead of a Human.

Tess gave the token back to Zhao Hai and then said, “Mister, you said that something was about to happen in the continent. And the help of the Beast God’s Spear was required. May I ask what this matter is?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he narrated the prophecy of the Dwarf Race as well as Iron Hammer’s words. He told Tess about the latest movements of the Radiant Church. He didn’t hide anything from Tess since, just like Megan said, if the Diamond Apes doesn’t have his aid, then it would be impossible for them to leave the Icefield. And if Tess agreed to his help, then it would be similar to the Diamond Apes being his people, so there was no need to be on guard.

Although Zhao Hai admired the Diamond Apes, he couldn’t just have sympathy take the upper hand in this matter. If the Diamond Apes don’t agree to move to the Black Wasteland, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t reveal the existence of the Space to them. This was because it still wasn’t time to reveal the Space.

While listening to Zhao Hai, Tess’ brows couldn’t help but wrinkle. He didn’t think that while his tribe stayed in the Icefield for 5000 years, the events in the outside world had surprisingly developed to this point. Moreover, the Beast God’s Spear was now needed more than before.

Zhao Hai looked at Tess’ expression and decided to not disturb him. He just sat there quietly as he took a sip of water. Tess turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Is mister completely confident in retrieving the Beast God’s Spear?”

Zhao Hai

God’s Spear?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Almost completely. It shouldn’t be a problem. You should know that since I was able to come here, I should have the ability to retrieve it.”

Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I heard from mister that you are a Human noble. So you should have your own fief. Mister, I need your help. I hope you can agree to it.”

When Zhao Hai heard Tess, he couldn’t help but gawk. This was because Tess’ statement was equal to him telling Zhao Hai that he wishes for the Diamond Apes to hire themselves to him on their own initiative.

Zhao Hai nodded immediately and said, “Yes, I’m a Marquis of the Rosen Empire. My territory is very big.”

Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “If my Diamond Ape tribe hires ourselves to mister, does mister have a way for us to exit the Icefield?”

Zhao Hao looked at Tess before he nodded and said, “I do, not only could I take you out of the Icefield, I can also provide you a place to herd on. I can make your children go to school, and also have your own tribe manage by yourselves. But after going to my fief, unless I give permission, you won’t be able to go out.”

Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Can I ask where Mister’s fief is?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Black Wasteland!”

Tess stared, he looked confused at Zhao Hai as he said, “Mister, did you just say Black Wasteland? That land has someone occupying it?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’m the one occupying it. And nobody in the continent except people my family trusted knew that I was able to put it to good use. That’s why I said that you won’t be able to leave my land without my permission.”

Tess looked at Zhao Hai in shock, “Is mister really telling the truth? Are you really occupying the Black Wasteland? Right, can I ask mister how you’re planning to take us out of the Icefield?”

Zhao Hai looked at Tess, he smiled faintly and then said, “I ask Patriarch to relax your body. I’ll make you know in a moment. Regardless of what happens, Patriarch should not panic.” Then with an intention, he moved the two of them to Black Wasteland’s Iron Mountain Fort.






* * *


  












Chapter 597 – Red Crystal

Zhao Hai didn’t bring Tess to the Space, he just directly teleported themselves to the Black Wasteland. The two appeared inside Iron Mountain Fort’s living area.

He’d rather make people aware that he has a Space Divergent Ability rather than revealing the existence of the Space. Although Space Divergent Abilities were rare, their existence were known in the continent. On the other hand, the Space was entirely unique, it was impossible for the continent to have such a thing.

Because of this, Zhao Hai was now very conscious of his conduct. Only those he trusted were able to know about the Space. For the others, the most they can know was him having some sort of Space Divergent Ability.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also didn’t want others to know about the current state of the Black Wasteland. He was afraid that the people would attribute the changes of the Black Wasteland to him.

In the past, he didn’t want the people to think that he had any skill in refining or alchemy. If people came to know that the Black Wasteland has been improved, he would have no way to justify it.

However, he wasn’t afraid of people asking about it right now. In the past he couldn’t find a reason. But now that he has the Processing Machine, as long as he provides the materials, it can make basically everything.

Zhao Hai thinks that being low key is good. After all, the area of the Black Wasteland was very big. If people came to know that it was now usable, greedy eyes would be staring at it.

Tess looked around him in shock. He didn’t think that he would instantly be transported into another place. He suddenly remembered something written in their tribe records about formidable Divergent Abilities in the continent.

One must know that the records of the Diamond Apes wasn’t broken even after they were exiled to the Icefield. They didn’t give up in their task of recording everything.

Because of this, the records of the Diamond Apes were as complete as it can be. Therefore, even when being exiled for 5000 years, Tess was still aware of the existence of Divergent Abilities as well as the existence of the most formidable one of them all, Space Divergent Abilities. In the past, even Beastmen were able to acquire such an ability, which explains why it had also appeared in their records.

Tess looked at Zhao Hai with shining eyes as he said, “Was that a Space Divergent Ability?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, it’s my Space Divergent Ability. Moreover, my ability is special, not only could I do teleportation, I can also make a Spatial Passage. It would allow people to pass through and immediately arrive here, in the Black Wasteland. This gave me the confidence to claim that I can bring you here.”

Tess was moved, he couldn’t help but say, “Good, fantastic. Thank you so much Mister.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Don’t





worry about it. We still have to prepare the place where you’ll be settling in. Let’s head out and see the territory.”

Then Zhao Hai brought Tess to the fort’s exit. When the Giant Horned Bulls saw Tess, they couldn’t help but gawk. The expressions of the Giant Horned Bulls can be understood. After all, it has been 5000 years before a Diamond Ape was spotted in the continent.

The Giant Horned Bulls saw them but they didn’t know who Tess was. Although they knew that he was an ape Beastman, Tess was different from those that they had seen before. This made them very puzzled, explaining how they looked at Tess. Tess hurried towards one Giant Horned Bull, then he said, “Beastman Brother, what tribe are you?”

Tess question made the Giant Horned Bull gawk. Although they were tribes in the Prairie that cannot be classified at first glance, the Giant Horned Bulls were the most recognizable tribe among the Beastman. Their two large horns wasn’t something that people can just ignore.

The Giant Horned Bull rubbed the horn on his head, he thought that maybe his horns have shrunk. Otherwise, why would this Beastman ask about his tribe?

Zhao Hai saw the confused appearance of the Giant Horned Bull, so he smiled faintly and said, “Arpurt, don’t be surprised. It’s true that he cannot recognize you. This person is from the Diamond Ape tribe. They had lived in the Northern Icefield.”[1]

The Giant Horned Bull named Arpurt stared blankly, then he muttered, “Diamond Ape tribe, what tribe is the Diamond Ape tribe?” Then after a moment he was suddenly stunned, he looked at Tess with shining eyes as he asked, “The exiled Royal Tribe, the Diamond Apes? Some of you have survived? Oh my god!!”

When Tess heard Arpurt exclaim, he couldn’t help but be moved as he said, “I didn’t expect that people would still remember our tribe. I am indeed from the Diamond Ape tribe.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then said, “Patriarch Tess, these brothers are from the Giant Horned Bull tribe. Last year, they had come across a disaster in the Prairie, their tribe had been attacked. Therefore, we led them here. Now, they had settled in Iron Mountain Fort.”

Arpurt looked at Tess with an expression of disbelief, he looked very silly. In fact, who could act normal in such a situation. A race that had vanished for about 5000 years suddenly appearing in front of them, this was inconceivable.

When Tess heard Zhao Hai that Arpurt was from the Giant Horned Bull tribe, he immediately believed him judging by how huge Arpurt’s horns were. He immediately looked at Arpurt and said, “Beastman Brother, hello.” He didn’t know what to say. It seems like he wanted to say a lot, but he just didn’t know how to say it.

Arpurt recovered and then looked at Tess and said, “Are you really from the Diamond Ape tribe? Did you really go to the Northern Icefield? How did you





you manage to survive there?”

At this time, those working in Iron Mountain Fort who had noticed the commortion had already come over. When the people of the Giant Horned Bull tribe heard Arpurt, they couldn’t help but stare at Tess in disbelief.

After some time, Green and Merine had come and had the situation be under control. Then Green and Merine invited Tess to the living room while inviting Ares and Aria over. The two were now deemed to be the elders of the Giant Horned Bulls. It would be best if Tess talks to them.

ZHao Hai didn’t say anything and just had Ares and Aria bring Tess to explore Iron Mountain Fort. Zhao Hai believed that as they talk with each other, Tess would understand the life at the fort. Therefore, he didn’t have to worry.

Sure enough, Tess went out for a long time with Ares. And when he came back, Tess had a meal with Zhao Hai and the others. The face of Tess went red, it was quite clear that he had become drunk.

When Tess returned to the fort’s living room, Zhao Hai immediately looked at him and said, “Patriarch Tess, we should head back. If we’re gone for a long time, your people would start to get worried.”

Tess nodded, he had already asked Ares about the questions that was on his mind, so he was quite satisfied with today’s trip. It was already time for them to return.

Zhao Hai led Tess as their bodies flashed and returned to the Diamond Apes’ city. They didn’t flash inside their room instantly, but instead looked for a place where nobody was present.

Tess looked at the surroundings and knew instantly that they had come back. Then he walked towards his house along with Zhao Hai. Just shortly after they had returned, they had met a Diamond Ape, when the ape saw Tess he immediately said, “Patriarch, you’re here. Aunt has been looking for you.”

Tess nodded and said, “Thanks.” Then he went back to his house along with Zhao Hai. The family still hadn’t eaten yet, they were still waiting for the two to arrive.

Seeing the two come back, Tess’ wife couldn’t help but complain to him several times. She berated him about not coming back in time for meal. But when she saw that they had already eaten, she didn’t say anything.

While Tess had them eat their meal, he was sitting on the living room with Zhao Hai. After they had sat down, Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I still need to discuss this matter with the elders. I hope you can give me some time.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, you don’t have to worry. After all, the place and supplies for your tribe would have to be prepared. It’ll be fine if we go a bit later. But meanwhile, I’ll go head to the mountains and explore to see if there are any rare plants and animals present.”

Tess nodded and





nodded and said, “Mister, do you need someone to guide you?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No need. I’m just casually strolling around. Do you think there are any beings in this mountain that can threaten my safety?”

Tess nodded and said, “There aren’t any formidable magic beasts in this mountain. But the third peak, fifth peak, and seventh peak must not be explored. Those mountains are quite unstable, they might randomly spew out high temperature fire. Mister should be careful, people aren’t able to come back after exploring those areas.”

Zhao Hai nodded before he stood up and gave Tess a salute. Then he turned around to walk outside. Seeing Zhao Hai leave, Tess immediately headed out and sent word to the various houses of the elders, calling them over for a meeting. They must reach a decision at the shortest possible time.

Zhao Hai didn’t really care about any of these. To be honest, he didn’t really place great importance to the decision that Tess and the others would make. After all, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to send them to the Prairie using his ability. The only place they can go to would be the Black Wasteland. Otherwise, Zhao Hai would stop caring about them and then going forth to continue his search. The Black Wasteland’s secrets cannot be revealed, so it would be careless for Zhao Hai to just have Tess reveal it.

Zhao Hai sat inside Alien as it walked into the forest and headed directly to the second peak. This mountain peak wasn’t as tall as the mountain that Tess’ tribe were living in. Moreover, it wasn’t very far from the third peak. Zhao Hai can clearly see what Tess just warned him, the third peak was actually a volcano that would erupt once in a while. This was the reason why Tess and the others decided to live on the first peak.

After leaving the first peak, Alien immediately slammed his tail on the ground as it directly flew towards the second peak. The distance between the two peaks wasn’t short. If Alien just walked, it would take them a lot of time.

Since Zhao Hai’s undead had become 9th ranks, it was natural that they were now able to fly on the air. Which made it even more convenient for Zhao Hai to travel.

The second peak didn’t have much things. From what Zhao Hai can tell, this second peak was just like an extinct volcano. It’s crater was black and had nothing in it. Zhao Hai stopped caring about it as his gaze turned towards the third peak.

The third peak was very different from the second peak. Zhao Hai can just feel how high the temperature was just from where he was standing. Even at the foot of the mountain, the temperature was still higher than back in the Diamond Apes’ city.

Plants were actually very rare in the third peak. The ones who populated the area were fire element magic beasts.

element magic beasts. Zhao Hai naturally wouldn’t let this opportunity go as he received the plants as well as the beasts into the Space. But although he had absorbed a lot, the Space still didn’t levelup.

While Zhao Hai was collecting, he proceeded further up the volcano. He was very curious and wanted to look at what’s present on top of the mountain.

Before long, he arrived at the summit where the temperature was very high. If one were to drop an egg on the ground, it would definitely turn into an omelette immediately. But this temperature didn’t affect Zhao Hai as well as Alien, so they proceeded to go take a closer look at the crater.

The crater looked like a giant stove that constantly spat out fire. Less than 50 meters away from the crater, magma can be seen tumbling about.

Zhao Hai looked at the magma with his eyes as he prepared to get down and observe it. However, he suddenly discovered something that made him stop.

It was a piece of red Crystal, it glittered and was translucent. It was very attractive, the crystal wasn’t very far from the crater. Moreover, it was a very big piece.

Zhao Hai curiously looked at the stone as he had a Spatial Rift appear and absorbed the red crystal.

When the crystal reached the Space, a prompt was then heard, “High energy crystal has been detected. Contains a huge amount of heat energy. The energy is stable and can be used. May produce energy equal to 100 thousand watts. This crystal can be reusable. Once it runs out of energy, it can just be placed on a source and reabsorb some energy.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. This energy of this red crystal managed to move him. This thing can actually store a lot, and it can be recharged as well. He can now use it to provide energy in the future, this was a very good thing for the family.

Zhao Hai immediately opened the monitor and asked Cai’er to look at the other mountain peaks and search for other red crystals.

The Space’s ability to search was very good, it didn’t take too long before they had found more red crystals, whose sizes weren’t not small either. Zhao Hai immediately opened a rift and absorbed them into the Space before continuing on his search. But after searching around the three mountains, he wasn’t able to find any more crystals.

Zhao Hai then had the monitor look at the other ten mountains. To be honest, the other mountains weren’t as suitable for living as the second and first peaks. But on those two peaks, it was impossible to find red crystals easily. Among the crystals that Zhao Hai had already gotten, 60 percent of it was all produced by the third peak.






* * *


  












Chapter 598 – Red Crystal Ore

Originally, Zhao Hai was searching these mountain peaks with the mindset of finding nothing. Since he had some free time, he might as well collect some things here. But now it wa different, after discovering the red crystal, he immediately thought about how great this thing would be in supplying energy.

The continent also had crystal stones, and Zhao Hai had gotten samples of these for the Space to absorb. But the Space’s evaluation of the crystal was that it was a low-energy consumable, without any way of recharging. This made Zhao Hai disappointed in the crystal.

However, this red crystal was different, after using up the energy inside this crystal, it can be recharged. Most importantly, the energy that the red crystal can store was vastly bigger than the ordinary ones. What can 100 thousand watts do? Zhao Hai didn’t calculate it, but he reckoned it would do a lot.

Between the first to third peaks, Zhao Hai had already gathered about 160 red crystals. Together, all of them can reach about 1 billion watts. What concept was this? Zhao Hai had some headache thinking about it before he became happy.

Energy, no matter what kind, was a good. It was something that anyone in the world was vying for. And this red crystal can store a lot. As long as Zhao Hai collects more of it, then he would have a lot of energy available for the future.

Zhao Hai sat inside Alien as it flew towards the fourth peak. The situation at this peak was better than the third peak since it wasn’t as hot as the third peak.

However, Zhao Hai was not paying attention to the temperature. He didn’t take any plants or beasts either, after all, he had already collected some back at the first three peaks. What Zhao Hai was on the look for at this time were those red crystals.

After scouring at fourth peak, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get disappointed. All in all, he had only discovered about more than 50 red crystals here. These crystals were small as well, about the size of a fist. Zhao Hai also expected these crystals to have differences





in size and quality. For example, the first crystal that Zhao Hai had found was as big as a basketball, so it was natural that it can contain a large amount of energy. These fist sized crystals on the fourth peak can carry only about 5000 kilowatts of energy, it had a difference of about 20 times.

Zhao Hai sighed as he received the 50 crystals. Then he proceeded and flew towards the fifth peak, another dangerous place that Tess had told him. Zhao Hai hopes to gain good harvests there.

Before long, Zhao Hai had arrived at the fifth peak. This fifth peak was very similar to the third. Its heat was actually hotter than the third peak. Moreover, it also had more fire element magic beasts.

Zhao Hai didn’t pay attention to these magic beasts. His attention was fully in seeking the red crystals. However, the fifth peak seem to have special characteristics. The red crystals in this mountain was buried deep. If Zhao Hai wanted to obtain them, he would need to dig through the mountain.

Fortunately, the monitor can see underground, otherwise, Zhao Hai would take a long time before finding these crystals. Zhao Hai took his time collecting the crystals one by one. The quality of these crystals were higher than the fourth peak. Each of the crystals were about the size of a football. Zhao Hai has yet to see another basketball sized crystal.

The monitor’s sight wasn’t very deep, it can only penetrate through 500 meters of land. But after arriving at that 500 meters, Zhao Hai can see 500 meters further.

Zhao Hai was now a kilometer beneath the fifth peak. Such a distance wasn’t short, but this didn’t affect Zhao Hai. He already has magic as well as his earth Divergent Ability. So he wasn’t encumbered much at this depth. At this point, the only thing in his mind were those red crystals.

At this time, Cai’er appeared in front of Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, it looks like there’s a mineral lode underneath.”

Zhao Hai said, “Mineral lode? You say that there is a red crystal lode?”

Cai’er nodded and said, “Yes, there’s a red crystal lode not far under here.”

Zhao Hai





Hai stared, then he said, “Then let’s go there immediately, I want to take a look.”

Caier then said, “Young Master, that mineral lode is probably under a lake of magma. But from my analysis, the magma isn’t a huge threat to you. But the Young Master would have to keep your focus.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he knew how formidable the analysis of the Space was. What Cai’er said meant that the magma wouldn’t affect him too much, but he would still experience some troubles.

However, to obtain these red crystals, this small trouble was no big deal. Zhao Hai slowly came out of Alien. Until now, he has been sitting inside its body and didn’t enter the Space. If he was in the Space, then he was afraid that Laura and the others wouldn’t allow him to go.

Moving forward, Zhao Hai was very focused and was paying attention to the monitor at the same time. He wanted to frequently know what was in front of him. Before long, he discovered that in a place 10 meters below him was magma. Zhao Hai then casted Earth magic on himself while also using his Earth Divergent Ability. He believed that in this way, he can penetrate the earth with the smoothest way possible. He was afraid of making a huge impact at this place since it might cause the volcano to erupt.

After reaching ten meters away from the magma, Zhao Hai stopped and inspected it carefully. After seeing that there wasn’t anything special inside, he immediately plunged into it along with Alien.

A dozen of meters away, Zhai Hai popped up and saw that he was in a rock chamber and a magma river. The magma flowed constantly, everything that Zhao Hai saw was red, like molten iron.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about any of this as he controlled his fired Divergent Ability and dispelled the heat from the magma before diving down again.

It was fortunate that the magma river wasn’t too deep. After Zhao Hai dived for a short time, he had finally reached the bottom of the river. He immediately merged with the earth underneath the magma river. These rockes weren’t red crystals, therefore Zhao Hai can use his





use his Earth ability to merge into it, then he relaxed.

Although he can control fire, and the difference between controlling earth and fire was nonexistent, he still didn’t want to stay in the magma. The feeling of being immersed in hot rocks was different from being surrounded by earth. The pressure inside the magma was just too great.

After passing the magma river, Zhao Hai dove an additional ten meters before he arrived at the red crystal ores. This ore wasn’t very large, it had the thickness of about 100 meters. It also wasn’t made up entirely of red crystal, there were also rocks and soil here and there, only a few parts of it were red crystals. However, the crystal ores in this location was much higher than the mountains.

Zhao Hai proceeded to start collecting the crystals in this lode. It was worthy of being called a lode. The crystals were quickly collected with great speed. This lode was not long, probably only spanning a few of these volcanoes. After collecting all of the red crystals here, Zhao Hai had now over 10 thousand red crystals in his possession.

After Zhao Hai collected the final piece of crystal, he immediately went out and discovered that he was already in the tenth peak. But he didn’t care, at this time, there was a piece of red crystal in his hand. This red crystal was not like the other ones. The other red crystals can just be described as fiery crystals, but one could tell at a glance that they were crystal stones. If a person was not knowledgeable, they would just see it as a big gemstone.

But the crystal held by Zhao Hai was more red than the others. It also seemed to have some warmth in it, completely different to the others. The crystal looked just like a fireball.

Zhao Hai absorbed the crystal to the Space, the analysis of the crystal was that it was incomplete, it also has pure energy that would transform the surrounding rocks into red crystals. One could say that this thing was equal to pure iron. It was akin to being a source of red crystals. Zhao Hai buried the crystal underground

the crystal underground and maybe it can produce some more red crystals in the future.

Zhao Hai inspected the crystal and couldn’t find anything else on it. This was the reason he just buried it in the Space. After all, he already had more red crystals than he could use at the moment.

And while Zhao Hai was flying towards the first peak, he discovered that the temperature on the 13 peaks seemed to have changed slightly. It seems like they weren’t as hot as before.

Zhao Hai gawked, and then thought that it might be possibly related to him taking out the red crystal ore. He had dug a lot of red crystals, so no wonder the magma wouldn’t be as hot as before.

But most importantly, he had unearthed the red crystal mother. This thing can produce red crystals. But unfortunately, it was incomplete, this somewhat disappointed Zhao Hai.

He was now afraid that the volcanoes would get extinguished, which was disadvantageous to his plan. Although Iron Mountain Fort already had enough equipment to support 100 thousand people moving over, it still needed a few days to prepare. If this volcano turned cold, then he would have to deliver the Diamond Apes ahead of time.

But after Zhao Hai saw that the magma on the seventh peak was still tumbling and didn’t have any looks of weakening, he immediately felt relief. Then he had Alien fly towards the first peak.

After Alien landed on the first peak, it slowly crawled towards the city. He was focused on collecting red crystals, so he didn’t know what Tess and the others had discussed. If they decided to move to Iron Mountain Fort, then they should be preparing by now.

Moreover, they also said that it would be possible for the ice beasts to attack them these days. Zhao Hai wanted to see these ice beasts, he wanted to see how these things managed to exist.

Just as Alien was about to reach the wall, Zhao Hai stared, he discovered that Tess was already on the wall waiting for him. At this time, Cai’er said, “Young Master, ice beings that Patriarch Tess have described has been spotted on the icefield. There are a lot of them.”





* * *


  












Chapter 599 – Ice Beast

When Zhao Hai heard Cai’er, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment. Then his expression changed. Alien felt Zhao Hai’s change in mood as it directly jumped towards the wall. Alien’s sudden movement scared the Diamond Apes.

Zhao Hai came out of Alien’s body before he directly went to Tess and said, “Patriarch, the ice beasts have come. There’s are a lot of them. Have the people prepare themselves.”

Tess couldn’t help but stare blankly at Zhao Hai, but he immediately knew that Zhao Hai was a Mage. Moreover, he also heard about Zhao Hai’s magical abilities from Ares. Therefore, he didn’t suspect Zhao Hai’s words. Tess immediately replied, “Alright, I’ll go transmit orders to everybody.”

Then Tess turned around and loudly said, “Everyone Prepare!”

These two words might be short, but it was already enough. After shouting, Tess turned his head and looked outside the city with a cold gaze.

On the other hand, Zhao Hai was looking at the city. With Tess’ command, the city immediately exploded in activity. He saw a lot of people coming out of their houses, while some returned before coming out again in their leather armors. The able bodied immediately approached the walls as the old and women stayed behind. Only the children were hiding inside the houses.

From the time of Tess’ shout to this point, it only took 10 minutes. The efficiency of their movement was astonishing.

Zhao Hai looked shocked at these Diamond Apes. The continent had always strived to create an army as coordinated as these. What they thought was impossible was actually achieved by the Diamond Apes. It looks like they were very well practiced in this routine.

Then Zhao Hai turned to look at Tess. Tess was now like a towering colossus that was standing on the city wall. Although he wasn’t young, his imposing aura was still as massive as a mountain. One couldn’t help but admire his form.

At the same time, the resting beasts on the wall had begun to stand up. These giant apes were very huge, and all of them were currently





wearing very fierce expressions.

Zhao Hai discovered that the temperament of the diamond ape beasts had completely changed. When they were lying down or sitting, they didn’t have any point of threat to them whatsoever. But now that they had stood up, Zhao Hai saw that they had turned into formidable soldiers.

Most importantly, Zhao Hai also discovered that when these diamond apes were with the Diamond Ape partners, their bodies seem to have formed a connection. At the same time, their strengths have been amplified, they were now at the level of 8th rank.

Although Zhao Hai had a lot of 9th ranks in his hand, he also knew that this due to the Space. But these Diamond Apes didn’t have a thing such as the Space, this was them completely relying on their abilities.

It was now that Zhao Hai truly understood how the Diamond Apes were able to rule the entire Beastman Prairie. It was because their innate skill was too frightening.

Even the Tigers would find it impossible to reach 8th rank even after growing up. On the other hand, these young soldiers of the Diamond Ape tribe already had 8th rank in strength. Even the elderly and women on the back of the wall had a lot of 8th ranks among them. This sight was indeed too scary.

Zhao Hai let out a long breath. After experiencing the strength of the Diamond Ape tribe, Zhao Hai knew how they were able to survive at this place. Although they were left with 5000 people in the beginning, they still managed to penetrate this deep into the Northern Icefield.

Zhao Hai wasn’t idling when he arrived at the Icefield. After he arrived at the Diamond Ape’s city, he immediately had his Blood Ghost staff out and mapped the surrounding areas as well as the path that he had passed through before.

Because he wasn’t collecting corpses this time, the staff’s speed was increased completely. Actually, there wasn’t anything to see in the Icefield, its terrain had remained unchanged for more than then thousand years. Because of this, Zhao Hai just had Cai’er





Cai’er manage making the map and didn’t care about it again. Although he still hadn’t mapped the northern part of the Icefield, Zhao Hai was almost sure that this volcano is part of the Icefield’s inner area.

Because of this, he admired the Diamond Apes greatly. For them to arrive here was something unfathomable.

Since he hasn’t explored the area beyond the volcano, Zhao Hai didn’t know the situation there. But he believed that he would find a clue to the Beast God’s Spear in that place.

While he was thinking about this, Zhao Hai was suddenly startled awake. He knew that the Ice beasts that Tess had mentioned to him had come. He felt very curious to these beasts and wanted to see them with his own eyes.

On the forest under the city, while flashes started to be seen. Zhao Hai fixed his eyes and focused only to see an ice bull!

It was a bull made entirely of ice. It was about three meters high, had a huge pair of horns, and no matter what part of its body, it was all made of ice. Moreover, it was transparent ice, Zhao Hai can even see the tree behind the cow.

Zhao Hai stared blankly at this thing. He didn’t expect a piece of ice to walk. If he didn’t meet Tess, he might have thought that it was caused by someone who had an Ice Divergent Ability. Otherwise, such a phenomenon was impossible. If such an expert was present, then there would be more powerful attacks coming their way, and Tess would have met it. But Tess told him that there was no such thing. This only showed that these ice beasts weren’t controlled by anyone.

If it was not under control, then it must be made naturally. But can nature really make an ice beast? This idea made Zhao Hai surprised. What environment can allow the natural birth of ice beasts? This matter is too unreasonable.

Zhao Hai turned to Tess and said, “Patriarch Tess, why don’t you use long ranged attacks?”

Tess shook his head and said, “It’s useless. If you don’t





you don’t destroy their heads, they won’t die. They can just retreat and recover.”

Zhao Hai gawked, but this wasn’t hard for him. He moved his hand as he released several stone golems outside the city. The bodies of these golems exceeded ten meters. Their bodies were red, they didn’t look like normal golems.

In the past, Zhao Hai’s golems were dark green. But since the Space had absorbed the God’s Blood and levelled up, the stone giants have turned blood red. Moreover, their strengths have been insanely increased. Each stone golem was very strong.

After the stone golems appeared, they immediately threw themselves towards the ice beasts. Zhao Hai discovered that the movements of these stone golems had gotten more flexible. Moreover, their speed had also been increased. Their strength must also be greater than before.

These stone golems initially made people feel that they are very bulky. But when Zhao Hai’s stone golems moved, they were smooth and powerful, they didn’t look very stupid.

The Diamond Apes in the city couldn’t help but stare. Although they knew about the existence of Mages, this was the first time that they had seen one fight. When they saw that the more than ten meter high stone golem can fight a Diamond Ape evenly, they couldn’t help but feel shock.

But when they saw the stone golems fighting, their hearts couldn’t help but feel a breeze of coldness. These stone giants had punches that can send people for a thousand miles. Each punch of these golems was able to break an ice bull. They also seem to know the weakness of these ice beasts since they were always aiming for their heads.

On the other hand, Zhao Hai was completely focused on the ice beasts. From what he heard from Tess, as long as one doesn’t destroy these beasts’ heads, they would be able to regenerate. Zhao Hai saw an ice wolf blown to pieces by the stone golem without its head getting hit. When the ice wolf passed a puddle of water, the liquid flowed to the body of the ice wolf as it recovered quickly

it recovered quickly and reentered the fight.

After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but knit the brows of his head. He discovered how difficult these ice beasts were to deal with. Even if a stone golem can break one or two heads, it still wasn’t enough.

However, these ice beasts couldn’t do anything to the stone golems. Currently, the bodies of the golems were very hard. Most 8th ranks wouldn’t able to damage their bodies, not to way about these low level ice beasts. From what Zhao Hai has seen, mos of these ice beasts had about 6th rank strength. They didn’t have much of an attack strength.

Although their attacks weren’t a threat to the Diamond Apes, their numbers and regeneration abilities definitely were. This made the ice beasts very difficult to deal with.

Zhao Hai didn’t use fire magic. Although it would be very effective, the area of battle was a lush forest. If he uses fire to attack, then he might burn the entire mountain.

The stone golems were like an offensive wall outside the city. The ice beasts weren’t able to go through for quite some time which made Tess very surprised. The stone golems were surprisingly very formidable.

Zhao Hai stood on the city wall, calmly looking at the battle below. After a while, he turned to Tess and said, “Patriarch Tess, how many ice beasts generally attack? And do they attack for a long time?”

Tess looked at the ice beasts before replying, “Each ice beast attack has about less than 100 thousand ice beasts. Moreover, if these beasts don’t die, they won’t retreat.”

This number made Zhao Hai surprised. He didn’t expect that the ice beasts would send so many, a hundred thousand. This wasn’t a small number, moreover, they needed to be killed off, which added to the difficulty.

Back on Earth, Zhao Hai saw people doing statistics about military battles. There was a certain percentage of losses before an army chooses to flee. If more than 20% died, then retreat was on the table. If 25% were gone, then people would accept defeat of even flee.





* * *


  












Chapter 600 – Vassal

Naturally, Zhao Hai knew that this mentality wouldn’t apply to these ice beasts. These ice beasts didn’t have souls from what he had seen. It was possible that they were puppets that don’t fear anything, thus not knowing about retreat.

Zhao Hai was most proficient with Dark Magic, and Dark Mages had inseparable relationship with souls.

Because of this, Zhao Hai was sensitive about any movements of souls. Although there were already a lot of dead ice beasts, Zhao Hai still didn’t feel any soul in the vicinity. This proved Zhao Hai’s speculation that these ice beasts were puppets.

But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was that these puppets didn’t have anyone giving them command. They seem to have been moving independently. This explained why they didn’t have any attack formation and were attacking by instinct alone, causing their movements to be very disorderly.

These ice beasts weren’t weak, if they had some kind of command, their strength would have been increased by about three times. In this case, the Diamond Apes won’t be able to block them anymore.

The hundred thousand ice beasts were slowly overwhelming the mountain, they seem to be aiming for the Diamond Apes. The trees on the surrounding were virtually untouched, all of them were going straight to the Diamond Ape city.

The stone golems didn’t have any problems in dealing with them, but some ice beasts had started to spill out and headed to the mountain city. This made the Diamond Apes start to act against the ice beasts.

In fact, Zhao Hai had the power to eliminate all of these ice beasts, but he wanted to look at the fighting strength of the Diamond Apes.

It didn’t take too long for the Diamond Apes to show Zhao Hai their fighting ability. The bodies of the Diamond Apes suddenly lit up with a yellow light that resembled golden armor. This made the Diamond Apes and their partners become golden armored soldiers. The wooden clubs on their hands also had a layer of golden light on it.

At this time, the ice beast were already upon the city. Then a scene that Zhao Hai didn’t expect happened. The ice beasts gathered together and then a white light flashed. When the white light vanished, a huge ice beast was seen outside the city. This ice beast was much taller than the stone golem. Then it roared and rushed to the wall.

When it was a few meters away from the wall, it suddenly jumped. This one jump along propelled it towards the wall.

However, at this time, two Diamond Apes made their move. Two bangs were heard as four fists hit the head of the ice beast, causing





its head to explode and the ice beast disintegrated after.

But that was not the end, the broken pieces of the ice beast suddenly became little ice beasts. Then those ice beasts rushed towards the other Diamond Apes.

The Diamond Apes seem to know about this property, so they didn’t go away after dealing with the giant ice beast. The Diamond Apes then started to clash with the ice beasts.

Zhao Hai discovered that these golden soldiers were extremely coordinated. The numbers of the ice beasts were simply useless in front of them.

Moreover, from what Zhao Hai had seen, the Diamond Apes seem to have developed a method to have their companion beasts work in total conjunction with their movements. There were no useless movements between the two of them, it was very flawless. This ability was very scary.

After seeing the Diamond Apes fight, Zhao Hai immediately casted a powerful fire element attack. Then an inferno appeared below the city wall. The ice beasts seemed to flinch. It seems like they fear fire.

When he saw this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod. The weakness of the ice beasts were indeed fire element magic. However, Zhao Hai cannot use a larger attack magic than he had just used, otherwise, he would be burning the forest down.

While the Diamond Apes were focused on the fire, Zhao Hai immediately released a large number of undead in the forest and had them eliminate the ice beasts.

One of Zhao Hai’s undead can easily eradicate all of the ice beasts, but it would take some time, time which Zhao Hai didn’t have. He was currently thinking about how strange these ice beasts were. He had already mapped the entire southern area of the volcano and he couldn’t wait to unravel the mysteries of the northern part.

Moreover, Zhao Hai reckoned that Tess had already decided to follow him in leaving the icefield. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be waiting for him on the wall.

Because of the undead that Zhao Hai had released, no ice beasts were able to approach the wall and were eliminated in the forest. Because of this, the fight had reached a sudden conclusion. After a couple of moments, no ice beasts can be seen in sight.

This made Tess look strangely at the situation. There was no ice beasts present and Zhao Hai had also retrieved his stone golems. Aside from the traces of the fire magic, it was as though nothing had happened.

However, Tess felt puzzled, he remembered the number of ice beasts that has been killed and was sure that it was not enough. So why did the ice beasts stop coming? This was out of his expectations.

Tess had fought the ice beasts





beasts for the entirety of his life. So he was very familiar with the rate of each ice beast attack. Every single time these beasts attack, they would number no less than 100 thousand. When they fought with the ice beasts in the past, they would even need the support of the elderly and the women. So how could the current group of ice beasts be so little?

Zhao Hai looked at Tess expression as he faintly smiled and said, “Patriarch, no need to be worried, there are no ice beasts left.”

Upon hearing this, Tess couldn’t help but turn his head to stare at Zhao Hai. Then he immediately thought that since Zhao Hai was the first one to discover the ice beasts, then the reduction of ice beast numbers should be because of him.

Tess then sighed deeply as he nodded to Zhao Hai. Then he turned to his tribesmen and loudly said, “We’re good, everyone disperse!”

Although the Diamond Apes felt that it was strange, they still dispersed under Tess’ command. In the minds of a lot of people was the thought that this was the most relaxing fight they had been in their entire life.

Seeing that everyone has dispersed, Tess then arranged some people to guard the walls before he led Zhao Hai back to his house. After they had sat down, Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, we have reached an agreement. The elders all agreed. Starting today, our Diamond Ape tribe will forever be your followers!”

Zhao Hai cannot help but get stunned after hearing this. One must know that this statement carried heavy implications for the beastmen. The Diamond Apes basically stated that they would become Zhao Hai’s vassals starting today. The meaning of vassals for the Beastmen and Humans are different. For the Humans, vassals would still have their own autonomy and independence. As long as they listen to their lord, then they would be fine by governing themselves. But Beastmen vassals are a different matter. Beastman vassals would forever respect and regard their master highly. Moreover, there weren’t much of an independence when it comes to their conditions. What they do and how they live would have to depend on what their lord wants. Therefore, when Tess expressed their decision, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk.

Zhao Hai looked at Tess and said, “Patriarch, you need to think about it. If you become a vassal to the Buda Clan, you would no longer have autonomy. I just need to remind you of this.”

Tess nodded and said, “We already considered it. I’ll be frank to Mister, these past few years, the 13 peaks had gotten more and more unstable. And we don’t know





don’t know when they would erupt, but when they do, we would have nowhere to run to. Passing back through the icefield towards the Prairie wasn’t something that we are able to do. And even if we managed to return, what would be do then? Our tribe has vanished for 5000 years, when we come back, we won’t know what we’ll do.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he understood what Tess was saying. Seeing Zhao Hai nod, Tess continued, “When you brought me to Iron Mountain Fort, I asked Ares about their situation. You did not lie, you truly do treat beastmen very well. I believe that if we come with you, we wouldn’t suffer any loss.”

Zhao Hai looked at Tess and then faintly smiled, “Alright, I’ll accept the Patriarch’s words. Patriarch, have your clansmen prepare. In a few days, I would deliver you to Iron Mountain Fort.”

Tess nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “If Mister is worried about our living necessities, you don’t have to. Our Diamond Ape tribe can handle hardship. The continent would enter summer soon, it would be fine if we don’t have houses.”

Zhao Hai can feel their sense of urgency as he heard Tess’ words. He gave a smile and said, “Patriarch, just wait for a few days. Even if you don’t bring anything, you would still be fine.”

Zhao Hai didn’t lie to Tess, he had a lot of things in his hand. Ever since Wales promised him 100 thousand slaves, he had already amassed materials in order to accommodate them. Of all these things, Zhao Hai gave priority to the thing that Beastmen needed the most, tents.

Tess looked at Zhao Hai and nodded, from what he heard from Ares, Zhao Hai was a man of his word, he wouldn’t deceive them. “Alright, then we’ll trouble Mister. Also, isn’t Mister planning to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear as well?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I would look for it certainly. But rest assured, I’ll deliver you to the wasteland first so that you can avoid any more attacks from the ice beasts. After I send you to the wasteland, I can then take my time in looking for the Divine Artifact. I can just return to the continent whenever I want so you don’t need to worry about my safety.”

Tess already experienced Zhao Hai’s Space Divergent Ability, so he didn’t doubt Zhao Hai’s words. He shifted the topic and asked, “We still have magic beasts in here. How would we deal with those?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That depends in how you want to handle it. If you want to raise magic beasts in the wasteland, then that won’t be a problem. But if you don’t

if you don’t want to raise this kind of magic beast, I can trade you some argali, bulls, or other beasts. We’ll decide on a fair price. What do you think?”

Tess thought for a moment and said, “We’re really not familiar with argali or bulls. We don’t have any knowledge on how to raise them. On the other hand, we’re quite used to raising these fire rabbits. Can we just raise them in the wasteland?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Of course, that’s not a problem. But fire rabbits don’t sell for much money. If you decide to raise argali, you can get some milk, wool, and skin for money. But since you don’t have any experience, I’ll give you some argali and bulls to practice on and try to raise them. If you decide to raise them and forgo the fire rabbits, you can approach me and we’ll do a fair trade.”

Tess felt very grateful to Zhao Hai as he said, “Mister, you’re really a good person. Our Diamond Ape tribe didn’t have prior relationship to you, but you still decided to greatly help us. Let me express my deepest thanks.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Patriarch doesn’t need to say anything. You joining my Buda Clan made our overall strength increase. It should be me who says thanks.”

Tess didn’t say anything. However, he knew that Zhao Hai was just saying this out of courtesy. Ares had told Tess about the Buda Clan’s present status in the continent. With the Buda Clan’s current strength, having the Diamond Ape tribe join them wouldn’t give them much of an improvement.

This fact made Tess more grateful to Zhao Hai. There was no doubt that Zhao Hai had helped them a lot but for little benefit to him. This fact made Tess feel very moved.

Seeing Zhao Hai like this, Tess felt that he had not followed the wrong person. It strengthened his determination even more. Zhao Hai looked at Tess’ expression and didn’t comment. It was just as Tess thought, with the current strength of the Buda Clan, he didn’t need the help of the Diamond Ape tribe.

Speaking of true fighting strength, Zhao Hai already had enough 9th ranks to overrun the entire continent. And to say about herding, he already had the Space to do it for him. The main reason why Zhao Hai helped the Diamond Apes were mainly because of sympathy and admiration.

He sympathizes with the situation of the Diamond Ape tribe, while he admired their resolve. After these many years, they still hadn’t given up in their quest to search for the Beast God’s Spear. To such a race, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look highly upon them.





* * *


  

