



Chapter 601 – Settling In

The next day after Zhao Hai and Tess’ agreement, Tess announced to his tribesmen that they would be moving to a new place.

This fact made the other DIamond Apes feel somewhat at a loss. They don’t know what’s going on, why would they suddenly move to another place?”

Zhao Hai didn’t participate in this matter. This wasn’t something that needed his help, it was all left up to Tess and the others. The Diamond Ape tribe had already stayed in this place for more than 5000 years. And in these 5000 years, their lives had been calm. Aside from looking for the Divine Artifact as well as the ice beasts, they didn’t suffer any other trouble. It was a sort of mundane heaven, one which had beasts living in it.

And now they were suddenly leaving, this made the minds of the other Diamond Apes turn blank. But Tess told them about the situation of the volcano and compared it to the Black Wasteland. This managed to calm the people down.

Seeing the reactions of the Diamond Apes made Zhao Hai gawk. Then he immediately understood why. They had lived in seclusion for too long that they would find it strange seeing other strangers in their vicinity. If they suddenly come across an assortment of new people, then they might not be able to adapt.

But fortunately, the place where they would be going to was the Black Wasteland. This meant that they would just be moving from their mundane life into a less mundane place but somewhere without wild beasts. Perhaps this was the best result for them.

Tess’ influence in the tribe was very high that after he talked his tribemates through, they started to pack up and prepared to leave.

The things that they focused most was actually their magic beasts, which were the fire rabbits. These magic beasts were quite big, they weren’t much shorter than the argali. It can eat anything and it rarely get sick. It was a very good type of magic beast.

However, when one considers money, these rabbits were inferior to argali. Because of this, Zhao Hai wanted the Diamond Apes





to raise argali, not these fire rabbits.

However, Tess words reminded Zhao Hai that the Diamond Apes haven’t raised argali for more than 5000 years. They simply didn’t have the knowledge to herd argali. If Zhao Hai immediately swaps their fire rabbits for argali, then they might find it hard to adapt.

Zhao Hai and Tess stood on the wall and observed the people preparing. After their talk, Zhao Hai told Tess that Iron Mountain Fort would be prepared after three days. Zhao Hai also sent some undead to Green in order to rush the preparations.

Tess and the others were still not finished preparing. They had lived in here for a long time that not even a stick was spared in their packing. Seeing this scene made Tess smile bitterly.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about it too much. These people were just unwilling to give their stuff up due to nostalgia, it wasn’t something strange. Tess sighed and looked at Zhao Hai, “Mister, I think it’ll take two days before they finish packing. If you are in a hurry, I can make them go faster.”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and shook his head, “It’s fine. The Wasteland is already prepared. Being late for one or two days wouldn’t matter. Just have them take their time. There’s no need to worry.”

Tess said, “I’m just afraid that you might miss the chance to get the Beast God’s Spear.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Don’t worry, the Beast God’s Spear has already been here for 5000 years. If something did happen, one or two days wouldn’t make much of a difference.”

Tess nodded, then he said, “Mister, the Beast God’s Spear is a very important matter to our tribe. I have a request. If Mister finds the Beast God’s Spear, please bring it to our Diamond Ape tribe first. We’ve sought for this thing for 5000 years, the least we could do is see it with our own eyes.”

Zhao Hai nodded and, “Patriarch, rest assured. If I do retrieve the Beast God’s Spear, I’ll go back to this volcano and show it to you so you could perform a ritual.”

Tess nodded, he hadn’t requested Zhao Hai



Hai about doing a ceremony at the volcano because it was already too much to ask for. Therefore, the only thing he could ask was to see them Beast God’s Spear.

Zhao Hai understood Tess’ mood. This was their tribe’s obsession for 5000 years. If Tess doesn’t see it, then he might carry this regret for the rest of his life.

Sure enough, just as Tess had thought, the Diamond Apes took two days before they finished packing. After all of them had prepared, Zhao Hai immediately went out of the city and opened a huge spatial rift that allowed the people to get through it.

The people couldn’t help but get surprised upon seeing the spatial rift. But they still obediently walked through it. What made them surprised was the fact that Tess was not present. But fortunately, the other elders were there to guide them.

It didn’t take a long time for the people to pass through the spatial rift. And when they emerged, they immediately saw Tess. As it turns out, Tess was the first one that passed through the rift.

Along with Tess, there were also some slaves as well as Giant Horned Bulls on the other side. These people would help the Diamond Apes get settled in.

The Diamond Apes looked curiously at the Giant Horned Bulls. The Giant Horned Bulls were very enthusiastic. Almost all of the Beastmen knew about the exiled Royal tribe, now they had finally seen what they looked like.

However, the Giant Horned Bulls also knew the importance of the current matter. Therefore, they didn’t say a lot of words to the Diamond Apes. They just led the Diamond Apes to the place that was prepared for them. The place where they’ll go to was very close to the Giant Horned Bulls. This was because the Bulls would be the people who would teach the Diamond Apes about the life in the Black Wasteland.

The Diamond Apes received their tents according to their families. It was great that Beastman tents were very tall and spacious, which allowed the Diamond Apes to stay in it.

The Diamond Apes looked curiously at their new home. They had discovered that everything



that everything that they would need was already provided. There were even some ironware that they hadn’t seen before, this made them feel very excited.

Soon, the 100 thousand people had arrived at the camp. Tess and the elders also helped them settle in quickly. Green and Merine came as well along with a lot of slaves. The most important thing for these Diamond Apes was to get used to meeting new people. These were people that they would have to come in contact frequently in the future.

Zhao Hai had also started to improve the Wasteland this year. And now that Cai’er has levelled up, she had extended her branches slowly. In the end, she had surrounded the Iron Mountain as well as the middle part of the Black Wasteland. In this way, it won’t be very cold here even in the winter. This also allowed plants to grow normally, increasing the yearly yield of the land.

Cai’er didn’t have anything to say about this. She was a plant type magic beast. And all of the plant types can do this when they reach a high enough level. And now that she has been upgraded further, this matter was not even a problem for her. Now, one could see a beautiful ring of flowers around the Iron Mountains. These branches belong to Cai’er. She can use this to absorb energy from the land. Not only would it affect her cultivation, it would also provide more nutrition for her, which was one of her most important ability in order to survive as a magic beast.

This was also Zhao Hai’s consideration for Tess’ tribe. Although they can survive in the current Black Wasteland, on shouldn’t forget that they had been living in a volcano for 5000 years. They weren’t used to having seasons. If winter suddenly arrives, then it would be troublesome for the Diamond Apes.

Regarding the arrival of the Diamond Apes, Robert and Evan couldn’t help but get surprised. There were once Great Patriarchs who governed land with a border with the Beastmen. Because of that, they also collected a lot of materials regarding the history of the Prairie. The matter of the Diamond Apes wasn’t a Apes wasn’t a huge secret among the Beastmen. They were basically a royal tribe that was exiled to the Northern Icefield. When they went to the Icefield, nobody was expecting them to survive. But who would’ve thought that Zhao Hai would bring them here.

Evan and Robert didn’t know about the true reason why the Diamond Apes were sent to exile. In fact, most Beastmen didn’t know either. However, they were now more surprised about Zhao Hai’s abilities.

Settling 100 thousand people was no small matter. But since Green and the others had already done it for more than one time, they knew what to do. Because of their experience, there weren’t any mistakes in the process. And adding on to the fact that they had prepared, the Diamond Apes were settled quickly.

100 thousand people might sound many, but when one divides them into households, the unit number would be reduced to 30 thousand. Settling them up was much easier than they thought.

Zhao Hai also lended a hand in settling the Diamond Apes. Whatever the Diamond Apes needed, Zhao Hai would fulfill it immediately. He already had a lot of things in his Space, common necessities wouldn’t be a problem.

When the curtain of night fell down, the Diamond Apes were finally settled in nicely. Zhao Hai and the others also relaxed. However, Zhao Hai knew that settling down was not this easy. These Diamond Apes might be unable to adapt to their new life and would take a long time before they get familiar with the place. It was just like when the Giant Horned Bulls had come here for the first time.

However, this time was also not the same. Now, there were Giant Horned Bulls present in order to teach the Diamond Apes. Compared to when the Giant Horned Bulls’ arrival, the current situation was much better.

It took three days before the Diamond Apes had finally reached their new home. Zhao Hai also sent some argali and bulls. With the help of the Giant Horned Bulls, the Diamond Apes would slowly learn how to herd them.

At this time, Zhao Hai returned to the Northern Icefield. It was time to unearth the place’s secrets!





* * *





Chapter 602 – Ice Pillar

Going back to the volcano and seeing the already deserted city, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile a little. Maybe the volcano would be just like the Northern Icefield. Once it’s secret is discovered, maybe it would be like this mountain city, just a piece of history.

Zhao Hai’s figure slowly flew up the mountain and went to the place beyond it. He then looked at the white icefield as well as the thirteen peaks. He couldn’t help but feel a sense of excitement welling up in his chest. He wanted to conquer this area, he must unearth the secrets that nobody had found out before!

After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai cannot help but face the skies and issued a long and loud cry. Then his figure moved and quickly flew towards the northern part of the icefield!

While Zhao Hai helped Tess and the others settle down, he also wasn’t idling about. He also made Cai’er control the Blood Ghost Staff and map the entire Northern Icefield.

The Northern Icefield was indeed very big, comparing it to the Beastman Prairie would not be an understatement. It might even be bigger. Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t know that the Northern Icefield wasn’t like this big before. The Icefield was just expanding at a very slow speed. It was because of this discovery that the Patriarch of the Diamond Apes decided to do an expedition to see what caused the expansion. They wanted to know why it continued to expand all this time, but who would’ve thought that they wouldn’t be able to survive their trip.

The White Tigers, Polar Bears, and the Ice Hawks decided to guard the Icefield for the same reason. They wanted to prevent the Icefield’s expansion as much as possible.

Since Zhao Hai didn’t know about this, so he only knew that the place was very big. Since the time Tess had decided to move, Cai’er was already controlling the Blood Ghost Staff to fly and map the Icefield. But even if the Space had already mapped a huge chunk and its speed of mapping was not slow, they still hadn’t found a single clue





regarding the Beast God’s Spear.

But Zhao Hai also didn’t worry about it. He was aware that in such a place, wanting to find ten thousand people was not an easy matter.

In other places, ten thousand people might be a considerable number of people. But in this icy wilderness, that number had become insignificant. Moreover, there were countless roads that one can make in a place like this. So it was useless to find a direction. When one goes forward, it was difficult to know where one was heading. In such a place, who knows which direction the ten thousand Diamond Apes went.

Because of this, Zhao Hai moved slowly forward and scanned the place carefully. He was afraid of missing a single thing.

This kind of search was very boring. Zhao Hai couldn’t understand what the Patriarch of the Diamond Ape tribe was thinking. Did he think that looking for the core of the Northern Icefield was very easy?

Zhao Hai didn’t think about it too much since he still needed to constantly go forward day by day. As long as he discovered an anomaly, he would immediately stop and see even if it was just a half buried stone. Zhao Hai didn’t want to miss a single thing.

For ten days, Zhao Hai discovered practically nothing. This made him feel more pressure, the feeling in his heart had gone worse and worse.

Laura and the others also discovered Zhao Hai’s bad mood. They kept using methods to make him happy every day. Although their methods were useful, they knew that unless Zhao Hai finds the Beast God’s Spear, these methods would just be temporary.

As time and days pass by, Zhao Hai was also getting more and more agitated. But he had very good control of himself, so it was only his words that got fewer and fewer as well as the wrinkle in his brows getting tighter and tighter. When Laura and the others looked at this, their hearts couldn’t help but ache. Even if they want to help, there wasn’t anything that they can do.

Zhao Hai wasn’t in the Space most of the time anymore. He was currently on a small ship that





that he had made. His eyes were virtually stuck to the monitor.

It has been 13 days since Tess and the others had settled down. But even after that time, no clue has been spotted. Zhao Hai slightly shut his eye, he was feeling very tired.

He opened his eyes after some time, then he turned the monitor off. He knew that even if he didn’t look at it, Cai’er would inform him if something special had come up.

Zhao Hai looked outside through the pale red color of the airship. The outside world was pure white, but who would’ve thought that behind this white facade was actually endless murder. It won’t kill you from the beginning, but it will slowly suck you in and dissolve you into this white landscape, making you part of it forever.

While Zhao Hai was thinking about this, a white light suddenly flashed from a distance. Although he has the Staff’s wall protecting him, Zhao Hai still couldn’t help but shut his eyes.

Zhao Hai cannot help but get surprised, he was not familiar with the Icefield. And one could hardly see any other colors inside. There was no change, everything is white, even the sunshine was white. Zhao Hai wanted to know where this glare that blinded him came from.

After some time, Zhao Hai opened his eyes and proceeded to inspect the place carefully. It didn’t take a long time for him to discover that there was a sparkling thing in the distance. Not only was it dazzling, it also emitted seven types of color, it was very beautiful.

Zhao Hai looked at the object and couldn’t help but think about the toy prism that he had in his childhood life. The prism would take in light and disperse seven colors just like a rainbow.

Zhao Hai then saw that the object at the distance was a huge ice pillar, no wonder it can disperse seven colors. Zhao Hai stopped his thinking as he immediately urged the staff to fly towards it. He didn’t care about any other place at this point. He now wants to see what was going on in front of him.

Before long, Zhao Hai was already getting





already getting closer and closer to the bright light to the point that the monitor can now pick it up. He immediately inspected the thing on the monitor and couldn’t help but get shocked. This was because what he just saw was an incredibly huge ice pillar!

The thick ice pillar was just like Sun Wukong’s enlarged staff that was stabbed into the earth. It stood there as though it was connecting the sky and the ground.

Zhao Hai stared at this ice pillar, it looks like this pillar just appeared out of nowhere. There was nothing else all around it. It was as peculiar as seeing a huge tree in the Prairie.

After some time, Zhao Hai recovered. Then he called over Laura and the others and had them look at this marvelous sight.

After Laura and the others had come out, they were immediately attracted to the seven colored light in the distance. It took quite some time before they expressed their surprise. Then they shifted their gazes to the monitor to be shocked once more. This was the first time that they had seen such a thing.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what is that strange thing?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I don’t know, I just discovered it right now.” Then he enlarged the image on the monitor. He wanted to have a closer look to see if the ice pillar had anything.

Then he noticed that there were several mounds below the ice pillar. These mounds were quite big, they were 10 meters tall and had about 30 meters in diameter.

Below the pillar were about 12 mounds. Zhao Hai looked at the mounds carefully, he didn’t know the purpose of these things.

At this time, brilliant rays suddenly went out of one of the mounds. An ice beast then appeared to be digging itself out. Right, it was an ice beast. The same ice beasts that attacked the Diamond Ape tribe.

Zhao Hai had also been looking for clues about the ice beasts in the past few days, but he had not succeeded. He didn’t expect to find traces of them in this place.

Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but change since he

change since he had always felt that the ice beasts may have something to do with the Beast God’s Spear. If this was the case, then does the ice pillar have any clues about it?’

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai immediately quickened his speed, he wanted to inspect the ice pillar as soon as possible. It didn’t take too long for the monitor to be able to penetrate inside the ice pillar. Zhao Hai stared intently at the screen, his heart was already beating loudly.

The layers of ice looked just as hard as a copper wall. But Zhao Hai didn’t worry about it, he just calmly watched the monitor. He now noticed that the monitor’s distance to the ice was now closer compared to the ground.

At this time, the ice suddenly vanished from his sight. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get surprised at this development. He immediately stopped and looked around. Unexpectedly there was a space inside the ice pillar.

Zhao Hai stared blankly before he immediately had the Blood Ghost Staff move forward. He didn’t expect the pillar to have a hollow space inside.

Zhao Hai then discovered that the ice pillar was very thick, and the space inside it was also very enormous. Although the pillar can only be hardly seen in the icefield, one would discover how grand it was the closer one approaches it.

The entire ice pillar was about 10 thousand meters in diameter, but its altitude would reach about 100 thousand. Such height was incredibly astonishing.

The pillar’s wall was about several hundred meters thick and the space inside was very huge. This was the grandest place that Zhao Hai has ever been in.

The more the staff advanced the more shocked ZHao Hai was at this incomparably huge ice pillar. Just as he was shocked, he suddenly found some black spots that had appeared on the monitor.

Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but turn sharp as he saw these black spots. With a pure environment such as this, these black spots were peculiarities that attracted his attention.

One of these black spots was a Diamond Ape that was carrying a spear. Moreover, he also had his beast relative towering right behind him!





* * *





Chapter 603 – Perverted Bubble

This ape has been frozen in ice that has not been melted in about thousands of years. The Beastman and the beast now looked like an ice sculpture.

Zhao Hai stopped in mid air and stared at the frozen ape, Laura and the others did so as well. The Diamond Ape looked very peculiar. He wore a very simple sleeveless leather armor, there was no way to keep his arm from getting cold. Apart from the leather armor, the ape also wore a beastkin cloak. And on his hand was an iron spear.

At the same time, the ape that was behind the Diamond Ape was much larger than the giant apes of the Diamond Ape tribe. It also appeared much sturdier. The ape has the eyes and expression of someone that was anticipating an attack. The two of the were like soldiers that were preparing for battle.

Zhao Hai looked blankly at this scene, he took a good long time in silence. Although the beast and person was already sealed for thousands of years, their imposing aura still remained. It was for certain that they were formidable soldiers when they were alive. Only elit warriors had this kind of fire in their expressions. They had an aura of someone who had gone through a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood. Their single step was enough to frighten a child.

Laura and the others looked at the frozen person and beast with not so good expressions. Their faces had paled, noticeable frightened by the Diamond Ape and his beast.

Before long, Zhao Hai recovered, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “I guessed correctly! Thes ice beasts did indeed have something to do with the Beast God’s Spear! Hahaha. It seems like the Divine Artifact is in this ice pillar.”

“Brother Hai, I’m a little scared.” While Zhao Hai was drowning in happiness, Laura’s shivering voice sounded out. Zhao Hai turned to Laura and saw that their faces were a bit pale, they were indeed quite frightened.

Zhao Hai immediately understood the matter and then said, “Alight, you go back to the Space first. I’ll go to the ice pillar myself and look for the Beast God’s Spear.”

Laura and the others complied as Zhao Hai transferred them back to the Space. Zhao Hai didn’t expect that Laura and the others would be frightened by this.

However, his thought changed as he understood the feelings of Laura and the others. Although they had experienced a lot of matters, they weren’t very familiar with a genuine battlefield. Most of the time, they were looking at the scene from the monitor, just like how someone looks at a movie in a television. But now, they were looking at an enlarged version of an image which was almost the





same as the actual person. The aura of the beast and beastman was too overwhelming that it was not a mystery why Laura and the others were frightened.

Zhao Hai gently shook his head, he didn’t care about this matter. After all, he didn’t want Laura and the others to go through this path in the future. They weren’t necessary in the battlefield, Zhao Hai was already enough.

After Laura and the others entered the Space, Zhao Hai immediately flew forward. The more he went forward, the more Diamond Apes he had managed to come across. All of these Diamond Apes were the same as the first one. All the them had the same expression, leather armor, cloak, as well as iron spear. With their companion beast at their back, and their mouth roaring, they looked like an army that had declared their presence in the battlefield.

Zhao Hai slowly went forward. Although he couldn’t wait to get the Beast God’s Spear, he wasn’t worried much about that anymore. He knew that the pillar certainly had clues regarding the Beast God’s Spear. With the expressions of these people as well as the ice beasts, Zhao Hai knew that he had reached the core part of the icefield. Therefore, the more he proceeded forward, the more calm he became.

After flying for quite some time, Zhao Hai found out that there were no more Diamond Apes in front of him, so he stopped again. He immediately narrowed the monitor to see that there was a neat square formation in front of him, composed of frozen Diamond Apes. And in front of the square stands one Diamond Ape.

Zhao Hai immediately focused the monitor on this man. He was very tall for a Diamond Ape, towering at about 3 meters. The ape that stood behind him was much more astonishing at a height of 15 meters. He was holding a spear in his hand, but it wasn’t pulled back. The iron spear was stabbed at something in the front.

Zhao Hai quickly discovered that the spear that was stabbed was quite unique. Zhao Hai reckoned that the Diamond Ape that wielded it must have been the Patriarch of the Diamond Ape tribe.

But when Zhao Hai saw what was being stabbed, his eyes couldn’t help but narrow. It was not an animal, nor was it an ice beasts, it was actually a small pool!

A small pool! Not a big pool. It’s diameter was about five meters, and seemed to be as deep as it was wide. The water in the pool was dark blue, much bluer than the sky. It’s color seems like it could penetrate into a person’s soul.

Zhao Hai looked at the poll in a daze. Suddenly, the water in the pool started shaking, and Zhao Hai also noticed that the





the Beast God’s Spear was similarly shaking. Following that, an ice beast suddenly jumped out of the pool. The ice beast seemed to be afraid of the Beast God’s Spear. When it saw the spear, it immediately ran away.

Zhao Hai stared at all of it as it happened. Until now, he was still unsure of the spear, but now he was certain that it was the Beast God’s Spear. It was because inside this place, except for the ice beasts as well as the pool, everything was frozen. Only the spear was not frozen in ice.

Zhao Hai understood that the pool must have been the true core of the entire Northern Icefield, and that the Beast God’s Spear has been suppressing it. But in fact, it didn’t manage to fully seal it, which explains the appearance of the ice beasts. The ice beasts didn’t know what to do, so they decided to just attack Tess and the others.

Zhao Hai saw it as a very interesting turn of events. The Patriarch of the Diamond Ape tribe suppressed the pool with the Beast God’s Spear which in turn causing it to spawn the ice beasts that were attacking the Diamond Ape tribe.

Zhao Hai let out a long breath as he smiled faintly. Then his figure moved as his actual body appeared inside the ice pullar.

Zhao Hai was now standing right by the Diamond Apes and its Patriarch. He calmly looked at the spear that the Diamond Ape Patriarch was holding. It looked just like any ordinary spear, black, and had a ribbon wrapped around its shaft. Its tip was as red as blood.

Then Zhao Hai felt the intense fighting intent of the spear, it was very frightening as it caused Zhao Hai to take deep breaths. Just as he was about to deal with the pool, he suddenly noticed the ice walls around him started to move.

Zhao Hai thought that it was just an ice beast. But when he looked at it, he suddenly froze. This wasn’t an ice beast, it was a person!

No, it wasn’t exactly like a person, but an ice person, someone made entirely out of ice. These ice people were all in the forms of women. They wore court lady dresses and had fluttering dark blue belts. They looked like dancers with their attire and belt, it was very beautiful.

The faces of these ice people were beautiful as well, but it didn’t show any expression. Their hairs were fashioned into an attractive swirl, something Zhao Hai had not seen before, but was still very beautiful.

From what Zhao Hai can see, there were 12 women who appeared on the ice wall. All of their appearances were the same. Zhao Hai thought that they looked like the beautiful ancient ladies on television back on Earth.





on Earth. Their clothes and their expressions were very pure.

At this time, the hands of the 12 women started to move towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai stared for a moment before his figure moved and disappeared from his location. Then he appeared right next to an ice man as he opened a spatial rift and absorbed her into the Space.

When the iceman entered the Space, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “An Ice Fairy has been detected, detected to be hostile to the Space. Changing its internal programming. Change completed.”

When Zhao Hai heard the prompt, he immediately understood. This ice people were actually just like the stone golems. They can technically be called ice golems, but they weren’t as big.

Zhao Hai became serious and before long, he had absorbed the 12 ice people into the Space. After absorbing the icemen, Zhao Hai looked around in order to see if there are any other danger. When he didn’t discover anything else, he then went to the pool.

The water in the pool fiercely moved, but the Beast God’s Spear kept stopping it completely.

Zhao Hai looked at this scene and didn’t dare to be careless. He opened a spatial rift and then absorbed the entire violent pool into the Space. In a blink of an eye, the pool became completely empty.

When the pool entered the Space, a prompt was then heard, “Massive amounts of water element energy detected. The energy is very hostile to the Space. Changing its program, change completed.”

When the prompt finished, Zhao Hai’s body immediately flashed into the Space. Then he discovered that the Profound Ice pool that was already in the Space has become the pool in the ice pillar. Just as Zhao Hai had become curious, a bubble suddenly separated itself from the pool and then floated towards Zhao Hai. Then the bubble suddenly said, “This one has seen the Lord!”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that a bubble would be able to speak. At this time Cai’er arrived and said, “Young Master, I feel like this bubble is just the same as me.”

Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er, he knew that Cai’er was a spirit that was born from the seven-colored flower. Was this bubble also a spirit that was born from the pool?

Zhao Hai turned to the bubble and then said, “Don’t call me Lord, just call me Young Master. Are you the spirit of this pool?”

The bubble replied, “I am indeed, Young Master. I’m the spirit of this pool. If the Young Master doesn’t want to call me spirit, I’m also called the Myriad Water.”

Zhao Hai affirmed his speculation, then he referred to the 12 iceman and said, “Are these 12 icemen your creations?”

The bubble replied, “Yes, Young Master. I don’t know when I appeared here, but when I awoke, I was

awoke, I was already in that place. Then some people came and suppressed me. I couldn’t do anything and struggled. I was afraid and thought that those things might help. So I made those 12 people.”

Zhao Hai knew that the people that the bubble was referring to was the Beastmen. But he felt strange. The bubble didn’t know about the Beastmen, but yet he was able to make ice beasts. This was a bit too weird, so Zhao Hai immediately asked, “So you made those ice people? And what about those ice beasts?”

Bubble replied, “I also don’t know. In any case, when I awoke, the figures of those ice people and ice beasts were already inside my mind. So I chose to make them. Young Master, don’t you think that those ice people are very beautiful?”

Zhao Hai stared, then his head felt very dizzy. Was this really the spirit of the Myriad Water? Why does it sound like a wretched old man? The words of bubble completely destroyed the image that Zhao Hai had of him in his mind.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but shake his head as he asked once more, “So you really don’t know anything? Where you come from? Then how did you know that you are the spirit of the Myriad Water?”

The bubble replied, “I just knew that I am the spirit of the Myriad Water just as I woke up. That, and the images of the ice beasts and the ice people.”

Zhao Hai went silent, he didn’t know how to proceed. This fellow does seem to have severe amnesia. He waved his hand and then said, “These ice men, can you receive them?”

The bubble nodded and then said, “Naturally. After all, these things are made by me.” Then the 12 ice fairies turned into blue waters and then flowed into the pool, completely vanishing from sight.

Zhao Hai then turned his head to the bubble and said, “Starting today, you are called Bubble. Come with me, we’ll be heading out.” Then Zhao Hai took Bubble along with him out of the Space.

When Bubble disappeared, the Beast God’s Spear seemed to look back to normal, Its intense fighting aura had disappeared, it had returned to its base state.

Then with an intention, Zhao Hai received the Beast God’s Spear along with the Diamond Ape Patriarch and his giant ape. At this moment, a prompt was heard from the Space, “Item with weak spirit detected, strengthening the item’s spirit. Updating it’s program, update complete.”

Zhao Hai looked at the spear and knew that it indeed had an Artifact Spirit. This was because the prompt that was just heard was the same as when Iron Hammer was sent to the Space. Zhao Hai was now thinking about what kind of Artifact Spirit this Beastman Divine Artifact had.





* * *





Chapter 604 – Bloody War

A group of blood suddenly flowed out of the Beast God’s Spear and slowly formed into a large drop. This drop had a huge stench of blood. Then the drop wobbled as it reshaped itself into something like person’s figure that was as tall as someone’s arm. The figure slowly changed before it grew an ape head, four arms, and two feet.

The head of this ape looks like the Diamond Ape tribe, but Zhao Hai hasn’t seen a race with four arms before. The figure wore full body armor while each of its four arms held something, a shield, a spear, a blade, and a morningstar. The belt on its waist had the head of a fierce tiger.

Before long, the Artifact Spirit had finished forming itself.

Zhao Hai was somewhat surprised at this Artifact Spirit. He had seen Artifact Spirits before like Mu’er and Iron Hammer. But Mu’er looked like a child, one which didn’t look like a threat. Iron Hammer looked just like a proper Dwarf. On the other hand, this Artifact Spirit looked like someone born for slaughter. His body was filled with the smell of blood, one that only an experienced War General would have.

A Wargod, this was the first word that came into Zhao Hai’s mind after seeing this Artifact Spirit. And extremely aggressive Wargod, one that lived of for blood and battle.

While Zhao Hai was surprised at the Artifact Spirit, the Spirit turned to look at Zhao Hai as it gave salute with its four arms and said, “Bloody War has seen the Master.”

“Bloody War!” Zhao Hai repeated the two words in a low tone. This name might sound careless, but Zhao Hai had an idea of the implications of this name. This was because from the ancient times to the present, the actions of the Beastmen had always been in line of these two words. Bloody War.

Beastmen wouldn’t flinch in front of adversity. As long as they were issued an order, they would immediately execute it.





Bloody War, fight to the last person, nobody was allowed to retreat. This was the meaning of these two words.

Zhao Hai recovered and looked at Bloody War and said, “Just call me Young Master. Bloody War, Iron Hammer already told me about the matters in the Ark Continent. Do you have anything to add to it?”

Bloody War shook his head and said, “I don’t. Young Master, Iron Hammer and me descended from the Divine Realm at the same time. The experiences that we had are similar as well. What Iron Hammer knew was also what I knew.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “Alright, then that’s that. I’ll go hand you over to the Beastmen. Do your best to protect them, understood?”

Bloody War immediately replied, “I shall, Young Master!” Zhao Hai nodded, but when he was about to exit, Bloody War said, “Young Master, please help this Diamond Ape.”

Zhao Hai gawked, then he turned to look at the frozen Diamond Ape Patriarch. He was confused as he looked at Bloody War and said, “They’re already dead, how can I help him? Moreover, their bodies have been petrified, my Dark Magic is useless.”

Bloody War shook his head, “No, no, Young Master. They are indeed dead, but their bodies are not petrified. You can use Dark Magic in order to turn them into undead. The Patriarch of the Diamond Apes has a very special talent called War Flag. This ability acts just like a War Flag on the battlefield. Every single soldier under his command would get improved, increasing the combat effectiveness of his army. That year, he relied on this ability to take his expedition deep into the Northern Icefield.”

Zhao Hai was surprised, this was the first time that he heard of such an ability. But this was indeed something great. If he had these Diamond Apes and turned them into undead, their fighting strength would certainly be formidable.

Zhao Hai nodded as he had a black fog appear and penetrate into the bodies of the Diamond Ape Patriarch





Patriarch and his giant ape partner.

The black gas permeated into their bodies very quickly, Zhao Hai also felt a connection to the two. But at this time, the corpses still remained unmoved.

Zhao Hai stared, the Space had already transformed them into undead, 9th rank undead. How could these 9th ranks still get stuck in ice? Is this a joke?

Zhao Hai face suddenly changed as he said, “Bubble, come over here, what’s wrong with them?”

Bubbles appeared in front of Zhao Hai and looked at the Diamond Ape Patriarch as well as the giant ape. Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, they’ve been frozen in Myriad Ice. This ice is frighteningly cold, one would be frozen into almost indestructible solid. Anything frozen by Myriad Water would find it near impossible to recover.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he asked, “Can you melt this ice?”

Bubbles seemed to look strangely at Zhao hai, “Young Master, this ice is essentially me, so I can definitely control it. If Young Master wanted to take the ice away, you can already do so anytime. You’ve gained the same ability as me.”

When Zhao Hai heard Bubble, he immediately tried to melt the ice with his mind. The ice surrounding the Diamond Ape Patriarch and the giant ape immediately became water and flowed into the pool.

When Zhao Hai saw this happen, he couldn’t help but feel relief. Then he looked at Bubble and then turned his hand before a red crystal appeared. He held the crystal in front of bubble and said, “Bubble, in the place that you’ve stayed, were there things that are like this?”

Bubble looked at the crystal and then nodded and said, “There’s plenty, but they are colored white, some of its energy also came from me.”

Zhao Hai became happy, the myriad ice and the red crystals were very good things. Zhao Hai turned his head to Bubble and said, “Is the entire Icefield really covered in myriad ice? Are there any special things inside?”

Bubble shook his head and said, “Young





said, “Young Master, those are just ice that were there for thousands of years. Only those infused with my energy can be said to be real myriad ice. The ice pillars as well as the ice in a radius around it can be considered to be myriad ice. At the same time, the snow on a certain radius around me has also been infused by my energy. I named them myriad snow. Although they aren’t as good as the myriad ice, they can still prove very useful.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then his body flashed as he went outside, Bubble was also right beside him. Then Zhao Hai said, “Take the snow and the ice away. Then we’ll find that white stones that you said and bring them to the Space.

Bubble complied as he started to rotate. And along with his rotation, all of the ice in the surroundings started to change into water as it slowly got absorbed into his body. Before long, the giant ice pillar as well as the surrounding ice had returned to Bubbles’ body. At the same time, the snow all around had also started to get absorbed by Bubble. When everything stopped, what was left was a giant pit. The giant pit originally contained the myriad ice. Also, there were no more snow present on a radius outside the pit.

Zhao Hai turned his head to Bubble and then saw that there were no changes to its size. Zhao Hai looked confused at Bubble as he asked, “You just absorbed a lot, why haven’t you grown up?”

Bubbles looked at Zhao Hai’s eyes as if he was confused at Zhao Hai’s question, “Young Master, I am an origin of water. Even if you load my body with all of the water in this world, I still won’t get big. Actually, after these things enter my body, they just exist in a much smaller form. If Young Master doesn’t believe it, you can see it for yourself.” Then Bubble came closer to Zhao Hai’s eyes.

Zhao Hai looked

eyes.

Zhao Hai looked into Bubbles’ body. Bubble wasn’t big, he was only the size of a football. He looked dark blue but he was still quite transparent. When Zhao Hai looked carefully inside Bubble, he can faintly see some very small bubbles. In one of the bubbles, Zhao Hai can see the ice pillar, there were also a lot of ice inside as well as the snow. The bubbles were so small that if Bubble hadn’t informed Zhao Hai, he couldn’t even see these things.

Zhao Hai became shocked, he didn’t expect this. He looked at Bubble and said, “Can you store anything in your body?”

Bubble shook its head and said, “No, I can only store things that are related to my nature, like water, ice, snow, fog, and so on.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he also wasn’t disappointed. His Space’s Warehouse was very big and was able to store all kinds of things. So there was no need for Bubble to have the ability to do the same.

Zhao Hai then turned to Bubble and said, “What if I want to use those things? Do I still need you to get them?”

Bubble nodded, “Right, they’re in my body. If Young Master wants them, you’ll have to ask me for permission.”

Zhao Hai’s face seemed to turn black, he looked at Bubble and then said, “After going back to the Space, go give those things to Cai’er. Have her store it to the Warehouse. Then go back to the pool and don’t come out if I don’t call you.”

Bubble snorted, but Zhao Hai still looked at the Icefield and said, “Are there any other good things here?”

Bubbles nodded and said, “There is. If you walk towards the north, you would see a ball of wind. Because of that ball of wind, my life in the icefield has become miserable. Every single year, it blows air towards me, it’s very annoying.”

When Zhao Hai heard Bubble, his eyes couldn’t help but shine. This ball of wind might actually be another good thing.





* * *





Chapter 605 – Wind Bead

Although he knew that the wind ball that Bubble just told him about was a good thing, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately go out and get it. He calmed his emotions as he started to looked at the white crystals that Bubble described.

The white crystals weren’t hard to find, there were 12 lodes on the previous mounds that Bubble just hollowed out. Zhao Hai didn’t think that those 12 lodes would be on the 12 mounds around the ice pillar. It seems like these lodes did have a big relationship with Bubble.

After he thought about it, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel happy. He understood that as long as he has Bubble, he would have a lot of crystals to use. This was really fantastic.

Although he was pondering about these, Zhao Hai’s movement didn’t slow down. He quickly received the white crystals into the Space to see what properties they had.

When the crystal was absorbed into the Space, a prompt was heard, “Item that contained cold energy has been detected. Contains stable cold energy equivalent to 100 thousand watts. The crystal can be charged after it has been used up.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel relieved after hearing this. But he also discovered the difference between this white crystal and the red one. The white crystal contained cold energy while the red crystal contained hot energy.

Zhao Hai thought about it and decided to appropriately name the red one Fire Crystal and the white one Ice Crystal. This was because the red crystal was found in a volcano while the white crystal was grown in the Icefield.

Zhao Hai quickly received the 12 mineral lodes. The amount of white crystal that Zhao Hai just got wasn’t as small as the red crystals. After all, the red crystals were only sourced by an incomplete mother ore while the white crystals had 12 complete ones.

From what Zhao Hai can count, he had collected 500 thousand ice crystals altogether. This wasn’t a small number. One must know that the quality of these white crystals are vastly better than the fire crystals.

After receiving the crystals, Zhao Hai then returned





to the Space. Laura and the others were currently gathering around a spinning Bubble. Bubble looked very comfortable; he was blue, he was soft to hold and wasn’t cold at all.

However, when Zhao Hai saw Laura and the others gathering before Bubble, looking like they were enjoying themselves, he couldn’t help but feel irritated. For such a perverted Bubble to get this much attention was very unreasonable.

Zhao Hai grabbed Bubble who was held by Laura, he stretched the blue ball out before asking, “Bubble, where did you say that wind ball was again?”

Although Bubble was stretched out by Zhao Hai many times, he seemed to not care at all. So when Zhao Hai asked him, he immediately replied, “When Young Master heads to the north, you would be able to see it for yourself.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he returned Bubble to Laura’s arms before he immediately had the staff fly straight to the North. He wanted to see what this wind ball actually was.

Zhao Hai didn’t explore around this time, he didn’t slow down as he headed in a completely straight line heading north. Because of this, the staff’s speed was extremely quick.

In the evening, Zhao Hai had found out that the wind has gotten much stronger. Zhao Hai immediately took Bubble out of the Space and went inside the staff.

Zhao Hai looked outside and said, “Bubble, is it this place?”

Bubble turned and circled before saying, “Yes, Young Master. We’ll arrive there soon.”

Then Zhao Hai turned to Bubble and said, “Bubble, how did you know that there is a wind ball here? And what is that wind ball?”

Bubble replied, “Young Master, I’ve been here for a long time, even before the Beastmen started exploring the area. At that time, I had the ice beasts explore the entire icefield and saw that ball of wind. That ball of wind is just like me, it is the origin of myriad wind. But it probably hasn’t reached the same level as me. When I found it, it still hasn’t awakened.”

Zhao Hai was shocked, he didn’t think that the ball of wind would actually be like Bubble. So in other words, the





the ball of wind might have its own spirit as well?

Zhao Hai was now much more careful, he personally controlled the Blood Ghost Staff. At the same time he asked, “Bubble, this isn’t the wrong direction, right?”

Bubble shook its head and said, “It shouldn’t be. Don’t worry, Young Master. Compared to the past, my present ability is much better. As long as there is water element in the area, I would be able to monitor it. The place should not be far away from here.”

Hearing Bubble’s words, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get startled. He looked at Bubble and said, “So you’re saying that you can monitor things through water?”

Bubble’s round body shook up and down, as if nodding, then said, “Young Master, I am the source of myriad water. As long as it has something to do with water, it will submit to my will.”

Zhao Hai looked at this small bubble, he didn’t think that this little thing would have such an ability. It seems like he shouldn’t look down on it.

At this time, Bubble suddenly said, “Young Master, we’ve arrived.” Zhao Hai immediately turned his head and looked out only to see a small whirlwind in front of him that was constantly turning around. This whirlwind seem to be supporting a small green bead. This bead was at the very least at the size of a walnut. It couldn’t be called a ball at all.

Zhao Hai looked at the green bead and said, “Is this the ball of wind that you said? Can it really control the wind? Why does it look so underwhelming?”

Bubble replied, “Young Master, this ball might seem to be behaved, but if it gets angry, it’s very terrifying.”

Zhao Hai looked at the green bead, he really couldn’t imagine how this bead could be so frightening. But to be sure, Zhao Hai and Bubble returned to the Space. Laura and the others were already inside the Space, looking at the situation through the monitor.

When the group saw Zhao Hai came in, Laura immediately ran over and hugged Bubble. Then she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, would you really take that





take that thing? Can it really control the wind?”

Zhao Hai looked at the snuggled Bubble in Laura’s bosom and couldn’t help but get irritated, he poked Bubble repeatedly before Laura swept his hand away while staring at him with fierce eyes.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly and said, “Perhaps. In any case, it was what Bubble said so I don’t really know. I’ll go try and capture it.” Then Zhao Hai sat on the sofa and gave an order to the staff.

The halted Blood Ghost Staff immediately flew towards the bead while Zhao Hai and the others looked at it through the screen. Zhao Hai wanted to see how the bead would react.

Sensing that the staff was about to hit it, the bead immediately acted like a hedgehog. It spun quickly and as it turned it collected more and more wind. Before long the wind had gotten bigger that it had turned into a tornado. The ice below couldn’t handle the strong winds and got dug up, causing a pit to form on the ground.

The Blood Ghost Staff was actually affected by the wind, making it unable to go any further. Zhao Hai was shocked before he took the staff back to the Space. Laura and the others couldn’t help but be surprised at the small bead. They didn’t think that it would be this powerful.

After some time, the wind stopped as the tornado became small. Then it seemed to rock back and forth as if it was looking for something.

Zhao Hai cannot help but wipe away his sweat. This little thing was really a trickster. Zhao Hai didn’t become polite, with an intention, a spatial crack suddenly appeared right beside the bead. Then a big hand stretched out from the Space and pulled the bead inside.

When the bead entered the Space, a prompt was then issued, “Wind Spirit has been detected. Lifeform is hostile to the Space. Suppressing the lifeform. Lifeform suppressed.”

Then Zhao Hai had the bead appear inside the room. The bead still looked green and was somewhat transparent. However, this bead was still spinning since one could see a faint tornado appearing around it.

Zhao Hai

around it.

Zhao Hai looked at the bead and said, “Can you speak?”

A faint infantile voice sounded out, “I’ve seen the Master, I can speak.”

Upon hearing the voice, Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “Good, from now on, you shall be called Breeze. Bubble, Breeze, remember, you must always listen to Cai’er’s words. Cai’er, look after these two children.”

The young lady Cai’er smiled tenderly and said, “Young Master, rest assured, I will certainly take care of them.” Zhao Hai nodded, he knew that although Cai’er is very strange, she also knew that Zhao Hai didn’t like to joke, so she appeared quite proper. But still, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but recall the time when Cai’er was riding on the back of Zhao Wen. She really looked childish back then.

Laura and the others didn’t oppose to Zhao Hai’s decision. Although Laura liked Bubble very much, she also had a lot of matters to attend to. It would be impossible for her to accompany Bubble daily. Making Cai’er play with Bubble was also a good idea.

In fact, Laura and the others had always regarded Mu’er and Cai’er as children. Although their abilities were formidable, Laura couldn’t help but treat them as kids because of their image. When there was nothing to do in the Space, they would often play with Mu’er and Cai’er. That was one of their happy times.

Zhao Hai also likes to accompany Cai’er and play around for a while. To be honest, Zhao Hai’s feeling towards the Space was bigger than Laura and the others. This was because the Space represented Zhao Hai’s only connection to Earth.

Since arriving at the Ark Continent, Zhao Hai has found himself to be more and more like a native. But he doesn’t want to be like this, but there was no other way. If he wanted to survive, then he would have to adapt. His only escape is the time where he was inside the Space where he always felt like he was back on Earth, playing his farm simulation games. He would feel just like his ordinary self back on Earth, and that all of this was just a dream.





* * *





Chapter 606 – Fighting Intent

However, Zhao Hai also didn’t want to return to Earth. If he returned, he would just go back to being an ordinary nerd. In here, he was Zhao Hai Buda of the Buda Clan. He also had several wives that loved him. His situation here was leagues better than back on Earth.

The reason why he thought of Earth was because he didn’t want to forget where he came from. In the universe, there is a planet called earth, of which there was a country called China. There, people with yellow skin and dark eyes were present, they were his true people.

Although Zhao Hai was now the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, had gotten married, and also had his own life in the Ark Continent, his Chinese heart was still burning inside him. He always thought of himself as Chinese, a descendant of dragons. To him, being married and getting a career in the Ark Continent was just like how someone was living and working abroad and also had gotten married.

The only thing different in his situation was that people who worked overseas can just return to their homeland while Zhao Hai cannot.

Now that the matters in the Northern Icefield had been taken care of, Zhao Hai finally relax. Then he immediately returned to the volcano in order to fulfill his promise to Tess. He must bring the Beast God’s Spear to this place so that the Diamond Apes can do a ceremony.

Zhao Hai took Bloody War to the Space and then to the volcano. The moment Zhao Hai came out, Bloody War also materialized. He looked at the direction of the volcano and said, “Young Master, what is this place? Why do I feel a strong Beastman fighting intent from here?”

Then Zhao Hai narrated to Bloody War about the matters of the Diamond Apes. For the entirety of the story, Bloody War was carefully listening to Zhao Hai. After Zhao Hai had finished, Bloody War took a deep breath before he said, “Good, good, worthy to be called the children of the Beast God. They did great!”

Then just as Bloody War’s voice fell, a red light suddenly erupted from the volcano as it pierced the heavens. Zhao Hai thought that the volcano had exploded but it didn’t look like it. Although the red light was from the crater, it didn’t have any degree of heat to it. Insted, the light held a cold killing intent, one that dared to fight the skies.

Fighting Intent! This should be the fighting intent that Bloody War had described! Zhao Hai felt felt the pressure from it and confirmed his thoughts. But he didn’t understand why he hadn’t felt it before. Instead, only after Bloody War said a few words did the fighting intent explode.

At this time, the red light from the crater slowly solidified and turned into a blood red spear that shot up to the sky. The spear was very huge, it was about a dozen





feet high and about a meter thick. It looked extraordinary and imposing.

When the spear started to form, Bloody War immediately said, “Young Master, let me loose. This fighting intent would be good for me.” Zhao Hai immediately let go of Bloody War.

Just as Zhao Hai’s hands let go, Bloody War immediately flew towards the crater and penetrated the giant red spear. Then Zhao Hai saw that the giant spear had started to shrink as it integrated itself with Bloody War. After that, Bloody War flew back.

But now, Zhao Hai discovered that the originally black shaft of the spear already had a shade of red in it. Moreover, Bloody War’s imposing aura had been strengthened.

At this time, Bloody War materialized again, but this time, he was much bigger than before. Zhao Hai looked at Bloody War and said, “What happened? That thing is useful to you? How did you absorb it?”

Bloody War shook his head and said, “Young Master, that fighting intent is a unique Beastman’s Blood Oath fighting intent. This thing has huge benefits to me. This fighting intent is only produced by those who underwent a Blood Oath and is formed through generations. One couldn’t see this kind of thing during normal times. Since I am a weapon, I always feel it in battlefields, it also causes me to get stronger and stronger. Young Master doesn’t need to worry about me. I’ve already reached the same state as my peak.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good. I’ll go let you see the current Patriarch of the Diamond Apes. They badly wanted to see you. At the same time, tell them that you had me turn their previous Patriarch into an Undead. I don’t want them to misunderstand me.”

Bloody War nodded then said, “Young Master, rest assured, Bloody War understands.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he brought Bloody War to the Space and then to Iron Mountain Fort.

The lives of Tess and the others had been blissful these past few days. Beastmen were inherently good at herding. So although they hadn’t herded in 5000 years, they quickly learned it with the help of the Giant Horned Bulls. Moreover, their living conditions have improved by tenfold. Normally, they would need the help of their giant apes in order to go anywhere, but now they didn’t need to. This made Tess and the others unusually happy.

However, Tess still couldn’t help but worry about the Northern Icefield. Zhao Hai had already been there for many days but there seems to be no information.

He was afraid that Zhao Hai had suffered an accident, or that Zhao Hai couldn’t find the Beast God’s Spear. Because of this, Tess has been losing sleep for the past few days. One could even see him visibly getting skinnier. Compared to the other Diamond Apes, his appearance looked very exhausted.

Today, Tess was herding some argali. Then suddenly, a person appeared in front of him. Tess was initially startled, but then he thought that the only person who





who can appear in his vicinity without alerting his beast partner was Zhao Hai.

Tess turned to look at Zhao Hai and saw that the other party was smiling while holding a spear in his hand. This spear was obviously not something that was used by Humans. Its shaft was very thick and it was very long. It was evident that this spear can only be used by Beastmen.

Tess looked at the spear in Zhao Hai’s hand and couldn’t help but recall the records of their tribe. There, a spear with a specific length and thickness was carefully drawn. It was impossible for Tess to not recognize that the spear in Zhao Hai’s hand was indeed the Beast God’s Spear.

Tess took slow steps towards Zhao Hai before he knelt and extended both of his shivering hands in order to receive the spear in Zhao Hai’s hand. Tears was constantly flowing out of his eyes.

Zhao Hai placed the spear on Tess’s hands as Tess inspected the spear. Before long, Tess gave a loud howl as he wept, alarming the other Diamond Apes. The others immediately went to see what was going on. When they saw the Beast God’s spear on Tess’ hands, they gawked before they all knelt to the ground and cried non stop.

The Diamond Apes entered the Northern Icefield in order to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear. They were educated by their elders about their mission from their younger years. Therefore, they immediately recognized the spear at first glance.

Adding Tess’ reaction, they didn’t doubt it at all. 5000 years, their 5000-year obsession had finally been solved!

Zhao Hai stood silently at the side. He can somewhat understand Tess’ emotion. 5000 years, how long was that? In those 5000 years, how much have they suffered, how many did they lose? A tribe of nearly 800 thousand has been reduced to 100 thousand. Who can understand such bitterness.

After some time, Tess started to calm down. Zhao Hai then turned to Tess and said, “Patriarch Tess, I’ve also cured the Beast God’s Spear’s Artifact Spirit. He can come out and tell you a few words. I won’t be listening to your conversations. I’ll come back here after a minute.”

Tess nodded, then Zhao Hai returned to Iron Mountain Fort’s living room. Seeing Zhao Hai come back, Green immediately asked, “Young Master, did you manage to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled and said, “I did, it’s currently in Tess’ hand. Rest assured, everything is fine. After Tess and the others do their ritual, I’ll immediately head to the Beastman Prairie and hand it over to the Beast King. After that, I’ll be a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen, hehe.”

Green laughed, “Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince, Dwarf Race’s Foreign Elder, the Rosen Empire’s son-in-law. Hahaha. Our Buda Clan hadn’t seen this much status since its beginning. Fantastic!”

Zhao Hai chuckled as well before saying, “After taking care of the matters in the Prairie, I’ll go and return to see the Dwarves.





the Dwarves. I want to meet Patriarch Billy and see if he had any communication with the Elves. I want to go visit the Elves. Once we unite, only then can we resist the Divine Realm.”

Green retracted his smiling expression as he turned serious and said, “Indeed. Young Master, I have thought that since we cannot just simply sell the grain that we had grown in the Wasteland, it would be better for it to be stored in the Space in preparation for the war. After all, during battles, food is one thing that must never run out.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Grandpa Green, you don’t need to worry about that. The Space already has ten backgrounds. Those backgrounds are still not used. If we plant some crops there, then we would certainly have a lot.”

Green tapped his head and said, “Ah, I forgot about those. Alright, there’s no need to save. But Young Master, how would we know the time of the Divine Race’s attack?”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “We won’t. But as long as we prepare, we’re fine. But even if they don’t begin, I will still make a move. I don’t want to be too passive.”

Green stared, then he looked at Zhao Hai with bright eyes as he said, “Alright, good. It’s just as Young Master says, being too defensive is no good. Our Buda Clan had always been known for our Wild Dragon Flag. Attack has always been our forte. Offense is always good.”

Green was now very confident in Zhao Hai. One must know that the Buda Clan not only had the God ranked Cai’er, they also had more than 1 million 9th ranks. Green believed that such strength can, at the very least, contend with the Divine Race.

Zhao Hai didn’t know about Green’s thoughts, but he knew that he wasn’t the type of person that waits to be beaten. He knew that the other party wanted to deal with him. But they would only begin after they had made the proper preparations, explaining why they still haven’t begun.

After he heard Green, Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “After so many years of development, I don’t know what the Divine Race has right now. And there are still the Demons on the sidelines. The future of the Ark Continent wouldn’t be very good. Unfortunately, not many people knew about this. Forget it, let’s stop talking about this. Grandpa Green, no need to welcome me back. I’ll be going to Tess and see if they wanted to return to the Northern Icefield in order to do a ceremony. I’ll be leaving this place to you once again. By the way, how are Tess and the others doing? Have they become familiar with the place?”

Green smiled and said, “They have become familiar with the customs here. At this point, they basically didn’t need the guidance of the Giant Horned Bulls. Young Master can rest assured.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good. Then I’ll take my

I’ll take my leave.” He said as his body flashed and vanished. Green looked at where Zhao Hai vanished and couldn’t help but mutter, “Old Master, have you ever thought that the Buda Clan would have such a day? The Young Master had grown up, he will certainly be a pride of the Buda Clan!”

This was Green’s dream, and it had been completely realized. Green knew more than Zhao Hai. At this point, everybody in the continent was aware of the Buda Clan’s strength. Green knew that even if the Buda Clan revealed the current state of the Black Wasteland, nobody would still dare to make a move on them.

Adding on to the fact that Zhao Hai would become the Beastman’s Foreign Prince, and was also a Foreign Elder of the Dwarves, his status was something that no country would dare to offend. One could even consider the current strength of the Buda Clan to be like a calamity.

Zhao Hai was unaware of Green’s thoughts. He just followed his own plan and went forward step by step. He wouldn’t care about any other things.

When Zhao Hai reappeared in front of Tess, Bloody War had already returned to the spear. After seeing Zhao Hai appear, Tess and the others immediately knelt in front of him.

Upon seeing them, Zhao Hai quickly said, “Patriarch Tess, please get up. I’m unable to receive a big ceremony like this.”

But Tess still kowtowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Patriarch, you are a huge benefactor to my Diamond Ape tribe. Not only did you take us out of the Northern icefield, you also arranged a good place for us to live as well as some cattle and argali to keep. Most importantly, you have retrieved the Beast God’s Spear for us. You’re not only a benefactor to the Diamond Ape tribe, you are a benefactor to the entire Beastman Race. So please accept our gratitude.” Then Tess knocked his head to the ground.

The other Diamond Apes also kowtowed simultaneously with Tess. This time, Zhao Hai didn’t dare to stop them. After receiving their kowtow, he said, “Alright, all of you, get up. You’re now people of the Buda Clan. You won’t need to do such a thing in the future. Just remember, no matter what you do, always consider the Buda Clan in your hearts.”

Tess and the others roared in one voice before they stood up. Zhao Hai then looked at Tess and said, “I can take you and the Beast God’s Spear back to the volcano. Do you still want to do your ceremony?’”

Tess shook his head and said, “There’s no need, Patriarch. Sir Artifact Spirit told us that he had already received the sentiment of our ancestors. So there’s no need to go back there anymore.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll be delivering the Beast God’s Spear back to the Prairie. You go continue on with your matters.” Then he took the Beast God’s Spear before vanishing in front of the group.





* * *





Chapter 607 – Excitement

These past few days, the Beast King has been paying close attention to news about the Northern Icefield. From the moment Zhao Hai entered the Icefield, two months had already passed by. But until now, no new information had arrived.

He had ordered the White Tigers, Polar Bears, and the Ice Hawks to have open ears towards the Icefield. As long as something happened, they must give action. They must support Zhao Hai at all costs.

Because of this, the Ice Hawk tribe had been doing constant rounds every day. As long as they discover a trace of Zhao Hai, they would immediately go and offer him aid.

But unfortunately for them, they didn’t know that Zhao Hai had the Space. Because of this, their efforts had been in vain.

But one couldn’t blame the Beast King for being so careful, being careless would have been a much worse offense. As the matter stands, the Beast God’s Spear has apparently become very important. The Beast King had nothing else to do but be alert.

These past days, the Beast Kind didn’t have any good sleep. Nearly two months had passed, and there wasn’t any information about Zhao Hai. The Beast Kind was near to believing that Zhao Hai had failed.

While sitting in his office, the Beast King couldn’t help but give a deep sigh. He felt pity for Zhao Hai since he knew the reason why Zhao Hai wanted to look for the Divine Artifact. The Beast King always believed Zhao Hai to be a very great person that could unite the entire continent, and he wasn’t afraid of taking risks. The Beast King really hoped that Zhao Hai would succeed. But it seems like the chances had grown smaller and smaller.

But it was good that the business with the Buda Clan had remained stable. The business still stayed the same, and for the Beastmen, this was a very good thing.

Although there was that, the Beast King still couldn’t help but sigh. He was also worried about the entire Ark Continent. If Zhao Hai cannot find the Beast God’s Spear, then they would definitely be in good danger. If Zhao Hai didn’t come back in one month, then he can only task several 9th rank experts to explore the Icefield. Retrieving the Beast God’s Spear was not only a must for the Beastmen, it





was important for the entire Ark Continent as well.

At this time, the Beast King’s guard suddenly walked in. With an excited face he gave his report to the Beast King, “Your Majesty, Mister Zhao Hai seeks an audience. He is outside!”

The Beast King gawked, for a while he was frozen as he stared at his guard. It took some time before he recovered, then he immediately said, “Invite him in quickly! No. I’ll go personally greet him.” Then he didn’t delay in going out.

Before long, he arrived at the tent for reception. It was obvious that the people there didn’t expect the Beast King to come personally, but they still immediately said, “We’ve seen His Majesty!”

The Beast King waved his hand and said, “Where’s Mister Zhao Hai?”

A Tiger Beastman immediately replied, “Your Majesty, he’s at the registration tent outside the palace.” The Beast King didn’t wait for him to finish before he dashed out of the palace.

Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the registration tent while chatting with the Beastmen inside. The fact that he went to the Northern Icefield was a secret, there were only few Beastmen who knew about it. However, although the people in the tent were clueless, they were already familiar with Zhao Hai’s status. They knew that seeking audience with the Beast King at any time can only be done by people of revered status. Those kinds of people weren’t someone they can afford to offend.

Additionally, these Beastmen were also very grateful to Zhao Hai. As long as one was a Beastman, it was inevitable that they would make milk wine. And because of Zhao Hai’s business, their families were able to make good profit. At the same time, Zhao Hai’s Magic Lily shop was very honest in doing business. Whenever they do business, the Beastmen would never feel that they were cheated. At this point, even if Zhao Hai didn’t display his friendship flags, his name alone would gain respect from the other Beastmen.

The war had long been finished, so Human merchants had also started to come and do business. But after those people arrived, they had discovered that their business had shrunk. Even if they had traded with a tribe before, they still weren’t the tribe’s first choice. Instead, the Beastmen seem to first look to Magic Lily shop for business.

However, these Merchants can’t do anything





anything to the shop. They simply cannot offend Magic Lily shop. First, because it was backed by the powerful Buda Clan, and second, because the Beastmen would deal with anyone that dared to take action against the shop.

At the same moment, Zhao Hai’s business alliance had also been organized. Now. the biggest business in the Prairie was Zhao Hai’s alliance. If other people wanted to do business in the Prairie, then they would have to do their best to not offend the alliance.

Naturally, Zhao Hai won’t provoke others on his own initiative. Zhao Hai knew that the Beastman Prairie was very big, it was impossible for them to swallow it’s entire market. So as long as people play fairly, Zhao Hai would not make a move. After all, Zhao Hai was never afraid of competition.

At this time, sounds of footsteps can be heard outside the tent. Zhao Hai knew that it must be the Tiger beastman that he had sent to notify the Beast King. What made him feel strange was the fact that there was one more set of footsteps that can be heard.

While Zhao Hai was thinking, the tent’s curtain was suddenly opened as a person walked from outside. Zhao Hai looked at the person and couldn’t help but stare, it was because it was the Beast King. Zhao Hai hastily got up and gave a bow, “I’ve seen His Majesty.”

The Beast King excitedly walked forward and helped Zhao Hai up. He looked at Zhao Hai and was at a loss for words because of his excitement. Zhao Hai saw the Beast King’s expression and immediately knew what he came here for. So Zhao Hai gave a gentle nod.

The Beast King’s face exploded with even more excitement, he immediately pulled Zhao Hai’s hand and said, “Mister, come with me immediately. Let’s talk somewhere else.” After that, regardless of the expressions of the other people present, Zhao Hai went with the Beast King to head towards the palace. After they were gone, the other people couldn’t help but look at each other. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have this big of a position inside the Beast King’s heart. He could actually make the Beast King meet him personally.

The Beast King brought Zhao Hai to his office and had the guard protect the door. After that, the Beast King immediately said, “Mister, did





“Mister, did you really retrieve the Beast God’s Spear?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as the Beast God Spear appeared in his hand. Zhao Hai held the spear in both hands as he carefully handed it over to the Beast King.

The Beast King’s hand couldn’t help but shake upon receiving the spear. Tears went down uncontrollably out of his eyes. He held the Beast God’s Spear gently and after a short while let out a long breath. His tears vanished as he respectfully placed the spear at an appropriate place and turned to Zhao Hai, “My deepest gratitude goes to Mister. Let me offer our gratitude in behalf of the entire Beastman race for retrieving our Divine Artifact.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty doesn’t need to be too polite. The Beast God’s Spear’s Artifact Spirit has also been restored to its original state. He can now materialize. If Your Majesty has any questions, you can just ask Sir Artifact Spirit.”

The Beast King gawked, then his two eyes turned to the Beast God’s Spear as he bowed and said, “I ask to see Sir Artifact Spirit.”

As soon as his voice ended, Bloody War immediately appeared on the spear’s shaft. He looked at Beast King and said, “You’re the current Beast King?”

When the Beast King saw Bloody War, he enthusiastically gave a bow and said, “Wei Jian has seen Sir Artifact Spirit. I am indeed the current Beast King.”

Bloody War nodded and then said, “Good, Mister Zhao Hai has already asked me to look after the Beastmen. He also asked me to confirm what the Dwarves have said. I want to tell you that everything is true. The Gods, the Divine Realm, everything. I have no other thing to say that you don’t already know.” Then his figure went back to the spear.

The Beast King gave another bow to the Beast God’s Spear. Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, thank you.”

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Your Majesty is too polite. Sir Artifact Spirits restoration is also beneficial to the Human race. When I told him about the situation of the Beastmen and the Gods, i didn’t expect him to know about it. His words also coincided with the Dwarves’ Artifact Spirit.”

The Beast King nodded and then sighed, “It looks like mister’s speculations are real. It’s possible for the Radiant Church to be

Church to be connected to the Divine Realm. But no matter what, we cannot let them off. Mister can rest assured, tomorrow, I shall announce your appointment as the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s no need to rush. What His Majesty needs to do now is to prepare the Beastman race. I shall head back to the Dwarves as soon as possible. I want to see if Patriarch Billy was able to get into contact with the Elves. I don’t know about their current situation, so I wanted to take a look.”

The Beast King nodded, “Then I’ll to trouble mister with this matter. Mister can rest assured, your appointment as our Foreign Prince has already been discussed and approved by the major tribes in the Prairie. They agreed that as long as mister comes back then you would immediately receive your position. So there’s no need for a lengthy process, mister can just do his own matters immediately.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll have to thank his Majesty. Also, the Beastmen needs to save their strength at this time. In the past, the Beastmen lacked ironware, but now, with the Dwarves’ support, I think your development would be much more quicker. I also think that since the Beastmen needed to preserve their strength, wars should be minimized as much as possible. Otherwise, with the newly acquired ironware, the casualties would be too big.”

The Beast King agreed, “Mister can feel relieved. I would certainly act on it. However, the Prairie still needed grain, we’ll have to depend on mister on this matter.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Majesty doesn’t need to worry about this. Whether it be bamboo rice or bread fruit, I have tons of them. I can provide you with as many as you want at a fair price.”

The Beast King nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Alright. Also, I’ll need to ask mister to stay here for a meal. Otherwise, i would feel uneasy.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then I would be polite. But I think it would be better if the retrieval of the Beast God’s Spear would be held in secrecy. This could become one of our ace against the Divine Race. I’m sure that the Radiant Church is aware of the Divine Artifacts’ disappearance. Let’s have them continue that thought.”





* * *





Chapter 608 – Cooperation

“Zhao Hai Buda has become a Foreign Prince of the Beastman Race!”

These words had rippled through every street and alley in the continent. Everyone knew about it, and there was no doubt that this was bomb. Everyone was stunned.

It had been less than a year after the war between the Beastmen and the Humans. But at this time, this news had suddenly spread out. A Human becoming a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen was something that was extremely startling.

Zhao Hai, who had gone quiet for two months, suddenly had his name mentioned in the continent once again. People started to discover the talent of this Patriarch of the Buda Clan. It was known that he had helped the Beastmen greatly, but nobody knew the specifics, even most Beastmen. Because of this, people started to make all kinds of speculation.

At this time, Zhao Hai was actually looking for Randolph in Dark Solder Fort. Zhao Hai told Randolph about the Divine Realm as well as what happened in the Northern Icefield. Compared to the Emperor, Zhao Hai was much more trusting towards Randolph. Zhao Hai believed that Randolph wouldn’t tell this matter to anyone else.

After listening to Zhao Hai, Randolph’s expression couldn’t help but go heavy. And after Zhao Hai left, he immediately adjusted the future plans of the Calci Family. This made people confused about what just happened.

Then Zhao Hai went to the Crook Family, however, he didn’t tell Jesse about the matters of the Divine Realm, as well as the Beast God’s Spear. He just told Jesse to adjust the future strategy of the Crook Family.

Although Jesse didn’t understand Zhao Hai’s motive, he believed that their eternal ally wouldn’t harm them. Therefore, the Crook Family started to make adjustments as well.

Naturally, these adjustments weren’t obvious. Even if it were known to outsiders, they would only think that this was just an ordinary shift, nothing else.

And although Zhao Hai visited the Imperial Palace to see the Emperor, he didn’t say anything to him. He just chatted with the Emperor for a while. And seeing that the Dead Minister didn’t leave, Zhao Hai affirmed his stance of not telling the Emperor.

After handling his matters at the Rosen Empire,





Zhao Hai then went to the Buddha Empire. The bulls that was sent to the Buddha Empire had already arrived some time ago and was given to the Buddha Emperor. This made the Emperor very satisfied with Zhao Hai.

The beasts that Zhao Hai sent over were special beasts of the Herculean Bulls, therefore, their levels weren’t very low. For the Buddha Empire, this was a very crucial shipment.

Zhao Hai travelled by ship towards the Buddha Empire’s Iron Knight City. Zhao Hai went to the capital in order to discuss to the Emperor about the horse magic beasts.

Wales had sent information to Zhao Hai about the horse magic beasts. The Horse Beastmen were also willing to trade some ironware for some 4th or 5th rank horse magic beasts with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai came this time to discuss this matter with the Emperor.

Just as Zhao Hai entered the harbor, he had discovered the Ironwood was already there. But Ironwood wasn’t wearing this full armor this time but instead just an ordinary warrior’s clothes. However, his stance still remained imposing.

When Zhao Hai disembarked from his ship, Ironwood immediately went to welcome him. Ironwood smiled and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, His Majesty is already waiting for you.”

Zhao Hai gave a bow and said, “I’ve made Vice Admiral Ironwood wait, I hope you’ll forgive me.”

Ironwood laughed and said, “Mister is always polite, that’s no good. Mister, come with me to see His Majesty.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright” Then they sat down at a carriage and rode towards the city. And since this carriage was of the Royal Palace, it was given the highest priority of way.

After they got in, Ironwood boiled a pot of tea and offered it to Zhao Hai before saying, “The bull magic beasts that mister had sent last time made His Majesty very satisfied. Ever since then, His Majesty had always wanted to express his gratitude to mister. Because of that, when His Majesty came to know that you would be arriving today, he immediately sent me over to welcome you.”

Zhao Hai immediately replied, “His Majesty is too polite. I’m only a Merchant, doing business is our great pleasure. Since I accepted his Majesty’s request, then it was natural





natural that I would need to deliver on that promise.”

Ironwood laughed and said, “Mister is certainly not an ordinary merchant. To be honest, this one admires mister. I didn’t expect you to become a Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince. That’s too great of an achievement. In the past millenium, you are the first person to become a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s really not that special. I just helped the Beastmen slightly. And because of his gratitude, the Beast King decided to confer me with this title. Actually, I don’t have any authority on the Beastmen.”

Ironwood smiled and said, “Mister doesn’t need to be so modest. I heard that to be a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen, it would more than their gratitude for them to agree. Mister must have helped them a great deal.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I did. But to be honest, they can also do what I just did. It’s just that I’m much more suitable for the job. Hehe.”

When Ironwood heard Zhao Hai, he knew that there was no chance of him knowing what that thing was. So he didn’t ask any questions about it. He just smiled and said, “Since Mister has become the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince, then wouldn’t it be much easier for you to acquire magic beasts?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s not that easy. Beastmen’s temperament is not quite good, even the Beast King cannot fully command them, much less a Foreign Prince. The Prairie has a lot of unique magic beasts, but I can only send some bull magic beasts at this time. However, I had recently been in contact with the Horse Beastmen in order to trade for their magic beasts hopefully.”

Ironwood’s eyes turned bright, horse type magic beasts were the most compatible types for being a mount. If they could have a lot a horse magical beasts, the Buddha Empire’s cavalry would be elevated to another level.

It didn’t take long before the carriage arrived at the Imperial Palace. Then they were welcomed to a small hall where the Buddha Emperor was already waiting for them.

After exchanging greetings with the Emperor and being bestowed a seat, the Buddha Emperor smiled and said, “Mister Zhao Hai,





Zhao Hai, we’ve troubled you a lot. My Buddha Empire is very thankful for mister’s efforts.”

Zhao Hai quickly replied, “This one doesn’t dare. Your Majesty is too polite, I was just doing what I needed to do.”

The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Although there weren’t a lot of beasts last time, it still gave me hope for our future cooperation with mister.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “A long-term cooperation with Your Majesty would be good. It would give a lot of profits to me. Your Majesty, I came this time to tell you that I had managed to come in contact with the Horse tribe through the Cows. They also want to trade their horse magic beasts but on the condition that they would also be traded with ironware. What does Your Majesty think about this?”

When the Emperor heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but knit his brows. The ironware of the Buddha Empire were of very high quality, this was because the Buddha Empire’s ironware were mostly made by the Dwarves. It wasn’t a problem if the Buddha Empire were to sell them off, but the Buddha Emperor was afraid that the Beastmen would use the iron to attack the Human lands. When that time comes, he would be a criminal among the humans. Moreover, other nations would also seize that opportunity to deal with his Empire.

After thinking about it, the Emperor couldn’t help but turn to ZHao Hai and asked, “Mister, you’re a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen, can you tell me what the Beastmen intend to do with these ironware?”

When Zhao Hai heard this, he smiled and said, “I can understand your worries, Young Majesty. Although I don’t have much authority in the Prairie, I am still privy to inside information. Is Your Majesty worried that the Beastmen would invade the humans? I can tell Your Majesty that you can rest assured. I got information that the Beast King would soon be issuing a Sealed Blade Command!”

The Buddha Emperor couldn’t help but be shocked. He knew that the Beastman Race’s Sealed Black Command was an order for the Beastmen to rest and build up strength. As long as the Beast King announces this command, no Beastman Race

no Beastman Race would resort to any violence, whether it be exterior of interior. Only when their survival was threatened would the Beastmen be allowed to attack. In other words, as long as there is the Sealed Blade Command, wars between Beastmen and with Humans would not occur. Unless the Humans make the first move.

The Buddha Emperor couldn’t help but looked straight into Zhao Hai’s eyes and say, “Is mister telling the truth?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t dare to deceive Your Majesty. Rest assured, I’m quite sure that the Beastmen would issue a Sealed Blade Command.”

The Buddha Emperor nodded, he thought for a moment before saying, “If it is like this, then that would be good news. As soon as the Beast King announces the Sealed Blade Command, I would immediately agree to the Horse Tribe’s business.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, it would only take a few days before it’ll get announced. Just give word and leave the rest to me.”

The reason that Zhao Hai mentioned the Sealed Blade Command to the Buddha Emperor was to let the Buddha Emperor agree to his business with the Dwarves. Although he can get to the Dwarves without seeing the Emperor, he didn’t want any conflict between the Dwarf Race and the Buddha Empire. The Dwarves needed to rest and build up strength as well in order to prepare for the Divine Race and the future war. If any conflict occurs with the Buddha Empire, then the Dwarves wouldn’t have time to rest.

Zhao Hai believed that the Buddha Emperor would agree to his cooperation with the Dwarves. The reason why the Buddha Empire held tightly on to the Dwarf ironware was because the Empire didn’t want the others to use it to attack their country. Zhao Hai reckoned that selling to the Beastmen who were several nations away from them would be just fine.

The Buddha Empire’s agreement was also because of Zhao Hai’s performance. The last time that Zhao Hai went to the Dwarves, he told the Buddha Emperor that he wouldn’t sell the ironware to the Rosen Empire. Sure enough, Zhao Hai didn’t take the Dwarf Ironware to the Rosen Empire. This made the Buddha Emperor trust him more.





* * *





Chapter 609 – Sea Race Incident

After a few days, the Beastmen did indeed issue an order announcing the Prairie’s Sealed Blade Command. But at this time, Zhao Hai had already arrived at Dwarf Iron Mountain.

Now that Zhao Hai was their Foreign Elder, Zhao Hai was immediately welcomed to Billy’s village after arriving at the mountain.

Billy personally welcomed Zhao Hai to his house. And after they had sat down, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what happened? You suddenly became the Foreign Prince of the Beastmen, was that because you helped them restore their Artifact Spirit?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Not only that. The Beastmen had lost the Beast God’s Spear in the Northern Icefield 5000 years ago. Although they had been seeking for it the whole time, nobody was able to succeed. This time, I went to the Northern Icefield to help them retrieve their Beast God’s Spear. Because of that they gave me the position of Foreign Prince.”

Billy immediately replied, “Lost? How come? That’s their Divine Artifact.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then told Billy about the matter with the Diamond Apes. Billy nodded and said, “So it was like that. No wonder the Diamond Apes were sent into exile. When I read from our records that the Diamond Apes were sent to exile, I immediately became confused. After all, they were the Royal Tribe. So it was actually because of the Beast God’s Spear.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Beast God’s Spear has now been returned to the Beastmen. Moreover, its artifact spirit has been restored. The Beastmen will also issue a Sealed Blade Command, having themselves rest and buildup their strength. The Dwarves should do it as well. My ironware business with the Dwarves has already been approved by the Buddha Emperor since he wanted me to buy some magic beasts from the Beastmen. As the matter stands, he would not say a word about our business in the future. I just had to ask him since I want to maintain the good relationship between the Dwarves and the Buddha Empire. Peace is very important to your race at this time.”

Billy nodded and then said, “You really do think far into the future. Then what do we do next?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Not much really, as long as our current plans go through, everything should be fine. I’ve also started to stockpile some grain and daily necessities to act as strategic resources in the future.”

Billy nodded, “You can rest assured about the situation with the Dwarves. Although we had sold a lot of weapons outside, we still have very ample amount of stock still left. Moreover, these are our best products, much better quality than those we sell outside. So you don’t need to worry about weapons.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Our transactions in the future would still continue, just keep storing the warehouse. Right, you told





me that you’ll find some people who will settle on the Black Wasteland. Did you manage to find them?”

Billy nodded, “I’ve picked some. At this point, there are more than 100 Dwarves that are willing to settle down in Iron Mountain fort. So when do you plan on getting them there?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment before he said, “Let them wait here first, I still need to prepare their place. But when they arrive there, they might not be working on metals the whole time. I might need them for something else.”

Billy smiled, “Don’t worry, I’ve already told them about that.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright. Also, if you dig up any special things, please leave some of them for me. I’m quite curious about those types of stuff.”

Billy couldn’t help but laugh, “That’s not a problem, rest assured.”

Then Zhao Hai said, “So how about the Elves? Did they send a reply?”

Billy smiled bitterly and said, “The matter with the Elves are doing just fine. Those guys are just slow. They said that they must observe first before sending proper word to us. So you don’t need to worry about it.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he didn’t know anything about the Elves. Since Billy said that there’s no need to worry, then he would just wait. In any case, the Radiant Church wouldn’t start their plan in a short time. However, it seems like Zhao Hai’s plan to level up in the Elven Forest would have to be moved to a later time.”

Zhao Hai stayed for a day with the Dwarves before he returned to Golden Island using the Space. He wanted to know the current status of the island.

Zhao Hai already received word that the Hurricane Family’s Kristen had already arrived at the island and had started to do business there. The business that they had was very simple and was similar to the Buda Clan, grain and other basic necessities. Zhao Hai had also heard that their business was doing good.

Zhao Hai has not gone to see Kristen because his attention was taken by another piece of news. Kun just told Zhao Hai that the business with the Sea Race has been very unstable. The Rock Shrimps had also been recently reducing their business.

This news was very important for Zhao Hai. His business with the Sea Race was one of his more important businesses. If this business were to be broken, then it would have a huge influence to the Buda Clan. Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to check the Marine Races personally.

But before that, Zhao Hai had Green empty out some land in the Black Wasteland so that the Dwarves can have their own place. Zhao Hai invited the Dwarves not only because he wanted them to work on his metals, but also to teach the slaves their craftsmanship.

Although the Space was also producing some iron ore, it wasn’t a lot. On the





the other hand, among the slaves that Zhao Hai had bought, there were also several blacksmiths among them. However, the craftsmanship of these slaves weren’t very good. Because of that Zhao Hai decided to invite some Dwarves to settle in the wasteland.

Green was already used to these kinds of things. But this time, Green had no idea of Dwarf customs. After all, he hadn’t contacted any Dwarves in the past.

Zhao Hai also asked Billy and was told that there were no special requirements at all. So Zhao Hai can only ask Green to continue while he returned to Golden Island and rode a ship towards the reef where the Rock Shrimps were living in.

The route was already visited by Zhao Hai many times, so naturally he wouldn’t get lost. Moreover, the pirates at the sea were already aware of the Buda Clan ships that would head towards the deep seas to get some marine products.

The influence to the Buda Clan in the sea was very strong that the pirates would just go around their ships, so the route was very safe.

Five days later, Zhao Hai had officially entered the deep seas. But he felt strange since there weren’t any Sea people that came to see him. In the past, people would’ve already been alerted to his presence and were already meeting him.

Because of this, Zhao Hai opened his monitor and looked at the surroundings. Aside from small magic beasts, there was nothing in the vicinity, even Sea people.

Along with Zhao Hai were Laura and the others who were basking in the sun. They also felt strange so Laura said, “Brother Hai, wasn’t this the Sea Race’s domain? Where’s everybody? Did they go lazy?”

Zhao Hai shook his head, “Not necessarily. For them to reduce their business only meant that there was an internal problem going on. This situation proved this point.”

Laura knit her eyebrows and said, “Problems? What problems would sea people have?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Who knows? Only after meeting them would this matter be clarified.” Then suddenly a Rock Shrimp tribesman appeared on the monitor.

Zhao Hai turned the monitor off as the Rock Shrimp appeared near Zhao Hai’s ship. The Rock Shrimp looked at the emblem on the ship and decided to not attack. Then he asked, “Is this the Buda Clan’s ship?”

Zhao Hai went to the ship’s bow and gave bow to the Rock Shrimp in the water and said, “Buda Clan’s Patriarch Zhao Hai has seen Brother Rock Shrimp.”

As soon as the Rock Shrimp heard Zhao Hai’s title, he couldn’t help but stare. But he almost immediately replied, “So it is Patriarch Zhao Hai. This one has been very disrespectful. Can I ask why Patriarch Zhao Hai has come?”

Then Zhao Hai replied, “I have a matter to discuss with the Rock Shrimp Tribe Patriarch. Can I go and see him?”

The Rock Shrimp looked at Zhao Hai and awkwardly said, “I’ll be





“I’ll be unfair to Patriarch Zhao Hai, but our Rock Shrimp Tribe has gotten into some serious matter. I’m afraid that the Patriarch wouldn’t be able to have the time to see you.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ll just ask brother to send word out for me. I really do have something to talk to the Patriarch.”

The Rock Shrimp couldn’t help but feel awkward at Zhao Hai’s answer. But he also knew that they couldn’t offend the Buda Clan. Their Rock Shrimp Tribe was just a very small tribe. Without Zhao Hai, they would have huge problems with their yearly tribute.

After thinking for a moment, the Rock Shrimp gave a bow and said, “Then I’ll go send word. I’ll have to ask Patriarch Zhao Hai to wait for a moment.” Then the Rock Shrimp dove back down into the sea and headed back to his tribe.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also had the undead lower the ship’s anchor as he waited for the Rock Shrimp to come back. However, Zhao Hai had confirmed that there was indeed some issues that happened within the Sea Race.

Zhao Hai’s original plan was to take care of the Elves first before he takes a look at the Sea Race. No matter what, the Sea Race also held a large population in this world. If the Gods did indeed want to rule this plane, then they certainly won’t ignore the people of the Sea. Therefore, Zhao Hai also wanted to make an alliance with them.

Now that the matter with the Elves was pushed back, the Sea Race unexpectedly developed an incident. This was good for Zhao Hai since he can take care of this matter instead.

Zhao Hai didn’t wait for a long time before the Rock Shrimp Patriarch appeared near the Haven. Then Zhao Hai gave a bow to the Rock Shrimp Patriarch before he said, “I’ve taken the liberty to disturb the Patriarch. I hope that you forgive me.”

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch smiled faintly and said, “I didn’t expect Patriarch Zhao Hai to come here personally. May I know Patriarch Zhao Hai’s reason for the visit?” Although he was smiling, Zhao Hai can notice a subtle worry in the old Rock Shrimp’s face. It seems like his people had encountered something big this time.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The reason I came to Patriarch this time was to ask your help. I just want to have an audience with the Leader of the Sea Race.”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the old Rock Shrimp couldn’t help but stare. When he recovered, he clarified Zhao Hai’s words, “Patriarch, you mean that you want to meet with the Sea King?”

Only at this moment did Zhao Hai know that the Sea Race’s Patriarch was called the Sea King. But nobody can blame his for this, contact between the Sea Race and the Humans was too few. Humans didn’t even know the races in

the races in the sea. They were only collectively known as the Sea Race, and that they had a ruler.

Upon hearing that the ruler of the Sea Race was named Sea King, Zhao Hai immediately responded, “i have an important matter to discuss with the Honorable Sea King. I’m asking Patriarch to help me send word. Can I ask you to do this?”

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Why would Patriarch want to see the Sea King? To be honest, my tribe doesn’t have the influence to even see the Sea King.”

Zhao Hai’s expression sank as he said, “Patriarch, this matter is extremely important. Tell the Sea King that aside from being the Patriarch of the Buda Clan and the son-in-law of the Rosen Emperor, I’m also a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen as well as a Foreign Elder of the Dwarves. Tell the Sea King that my visit involves a major event of the world. I ask the Patriarch to relay these words.”

Zhao Hai’s long string of titles made the Rock Shrimp Patriarch’s expression change. He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be so influential. The Sea Race might not have any idea about the relationship between the Humans and the Dwarves, but they were extremely familiar with the Beastmen.

Races from the Ark Continent and the Sea Race didn’t have much contact, with the only exception being the Beastmen. This was because the Beastmen also had tribes that lived on water. These Beastmen might not be fully living in water, but their lifestyles were closely tied to it. Some of these Beastmen lived on beaches while some lived on islands. Because of this, when Zhao Hai revealed that he was a Foreign Prince of the Beastman Race, the Rock Shrimp Patriarch’s heart couldn’t help but jump.

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch immediately gave Zhao Hai a bow before saying, “I didn’t expect Patriarch to be a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen. This one has been disrespectful. However, this one didn’t lie. Our Rock Shrimp tribe is indeed too small to have an audience with the Honored Sea King. I’m afraid I won’t be able to help you much in this regard.”

Zhao Hai knit his brows and said, “I’ll ask the Patriarch to please find a way. I came this time not because of business. This matter shall affect all of the races in this world. I sincerely ask for Patriarch’s help.”

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai’s face and couldn’t help but be moved. They had been doing business with the Buda Clan for quite some time. The Buda Clan’s business conduct is extremely good and they give very fair prices. This gave the Rock Shrimp Patriarch a very good impression towards the Buda Clan. And now that he saw how sincere Zhao Hai was, he couldn’t help but believe in Zhao Hai’s words. It seems like there really was something big going on.





* * *





Chapter 610 – Swordfish Tribe

If it was like what Zhao Hai thought that the Fishman was having an internal problem, then the previously unqualified Rock Shrimp tribe would become qualified to see the Sea King, given the special situation.

The reason why this was possible was the enormity of the population among the Fishman. There were some people who would want to challenge the authorities, and those people were no doubt strong, and they might even have strong allies as well. At this time, the Sea King would want to pull even the smallest power he can find. And the weak Rock Shrimp Tribe was one of those.

It was precisely because of this that the Rock Shrimp Patriarch was allowed an audience with the Sea King. And the reason why Zhao Hai approached the Rock Shrimp Patriarch and not going directly to the Sea King was because he wanted to make an impression on the old Rock Shrimp.

Since they did good business with them before, the Rock Shrimp Patriarch believed in Zhao Hai’s words.

However, it would still take some time before the Rock Shrimp Patriarch can prepare. So he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I can try and seek help from a larger tribe with regards to this matter. But before that, can mister show me proof of your status as the Foreign Prince of the Beastman Race?”

When Zhao Hai heard the old Rock Shrimp, he knew that he had succeeded. So he immediately said, “Of course, there’s no problem.” Then he took out the Beatman Command token and threw it over to the Rock Shrimp Patriarch.

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch received the token and looked at it. The Fishman also had their own records, and among their writings were magnificent stories about the outside world. Among them was the Prince’s Command Token of the Beastmen. This token was made with a kind of beast bone that was strong as steel and was as heavy as black iron. There was no way for this token to be replicated by other people.

When the Rock Shrimp Patriarch received the Prince’s Token, he immediately knew that it was the real thing. One must know that one of the heaviest metals in the Ark Continent was black iron. And it was impossible for other people to mistake it for something else. However, the Beastmen actually managed to replicate the weight of black iron with a beast bone. There was no records





of what bone was able to do this.

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch looked at the Prince Command Token and then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, please give me time, about a few days or so. I’ll do my best to find a way. Is that alright?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “There’s still time, so it won’t be a big deal. But this matter is also important and must be told to the honorable Sea King. I’ll have to trouble Patriarch for this.”

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai and then nodded, “Alright. Mister can rest assured. This one would certainly do everything that is possible.” Then he gave Zhao Hai a small bow before diving back down into the sea.

Shortly after the Rock Shrimps had gone down, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “It seems like the Fishman did have an incident. Otherwise the Rock Shrimps would be certain that they wouldn’t see the Sea King. The Patriarch wouldn’t have thought that there was indeed a way.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he also carefully used his words in order to probe for answers. If the Rock Shrimp Patriarch really didn’t have a way, then he wouldn’t even dare to promise him. After all, the Rock Shrimps really needed human commodities, so he wouldn’t risk himself offending Zhao Hai. But since the old Rock Shrimp agreed, then there might really be a possibility. This basically meant that some instability has happened within the Fishman.

Although Zhao Hai had no understanding about the matters of the Fishman, he can still speculate from the business between the Buda Clan and the Rock Shrimp Tribe. Since the Rock Shrimp tribe can’t buy up all of the Buda Clan’s supplies, then the Buda Clan already had a metric about the Rock Shrimp tribes’ size.

From what Zhao Hai can see, the Rock Shrimp Tribe had similar standing with the Giant Horned Bulls as well as the Black Bellied Pig Tribe that Zhao Hai had met when the first entered the Prairie. They were people placed at the bottom of the power pyramid. Therefore, how could such a tribe be able to have an audience with the Sea King?

The Rock Shrimp Tribe being able to promise an audience was indeed a very strange thing. It was due to this that Zhao Hai knew that the Fishman had a giant accident. Otherwise the Rock Shrimp Patriarch wouldn’t have been so sure.

Lizzy turned his head to Zhao





Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, what do you think happened in the Fishman?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I can’t possibly know. But from how the Rock Shrimp Patriarch has been acting, I’m afraid that the structure of the Fishman has become unstable. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to see the Sea King. The Sea King might have been scrounging up people in order to gain enough strength to hold into power.”

Megan nodded and said, “That’s extremely possible. If this is really the case, then I’m afraid that it’s not the time for us to come here. I think that the Sea King wouldn’t have time to get to see us.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Not really. Perhaps we came just in time. If we can help the Sea King solve this crisis, then we might have more leverage in discussing with the Fishman.”

Meg knit her brows as he said, “Young Master, but this is the sea. Compared to the Ark Continent, this place is much larger. It’s possible that there are innumerable experts here. Do we really need to take part in this conflict?”

Among his wives, only Meg kept calling him Young Master, even if they had already been married for so long. This made Zhao Hai feel strange, he had already told Meg about this many times, but Meg seems to not be willing to change it.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Even if there are a lot of experts in the sea, don’t we have much more? This time, I want to talk about the Divine Realm with the Sea King. The Fishman has the most population in this world. If they can help us deal with the Divine Race and the Demons, then we would have a much easier time doing so.

Laura nodded, “If that’s true, then that would be good. But Brother Hai, I’m afraid this would be more difficult than we imagine. After all, the war in the seas among the Fishman is much different compared to other places.

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “I’ve already had Cai’er prepare for this. There are now 9th rank undeads in the Space, and some of them are creatures of the sea. They should be stronger in terms of undersea battles. With the help of those guys, I think we won’t have much of a problem.”

When she heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but smile and said, “So





said, “So Brother Hai had already thought of it. Then we might only have small troubles undersea. But unfortunately, we can’t go underwater.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Why couldn’t we? I’ve already asked Cai’er to transform a Blade Scale Whale into an undead like Alien. When the time comes, we can just ride the whale and then go underwater.”

Megan became happy after she heard Zhao Hai, “Fantastic. I really wanted to see what the bottom of the sea looks like. I didn’t expect Big Brother Hai to be already prepared. So when do we go?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Don’t worry. If we go now, the Rock Shrimps might get offended. It’s much better to wait for the Rock Shrimp Patriarch to come back with news. I don’t think it would take him long to come back. Let’s just wait for him for a few days.”

Megan pouted her mouth before she nodded. Zhao Hai smiled, he also wanted to go underwater but it was not yet the time. He still hasn’t gained the approval of the Sea King. If he were to enter the seas right now, he would get attacked by them.

Although he was on his ship, Zhao Hai’s contact with the continent remained unbroken. Neither his business with the Beastmen nor Dwarves were getting affected.

Seven days later, Zhao Hai, who had been paying attention for the Rock Shrimps, suddenly spotted the Rock Shrimps along with their Patriarch. Zhao Hai immediately went to the ship’s deck. And sure enough, as soon as he arrived on top of the deck, he heard a Rock Shrimp say, “We request to see Mister Zhao Hai.”

Then Zhao Hai led Laura and the others to the bow of the ship to see the Rock Shrimp Patriarch. Seeing the old Shrimp’s tired face, Zhao hai immediately gave a bow and said, “I’ve seen the Patriarch.”

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch returned the bow as he said, “The Sea King agreed to have an audience with mister. Please follow me.”

Zhao Hai quickly responded, “Thanks, Patriarch.” Then the Rock Shrimp Patriarch nodded and then rode the bow of the ship. Zhao Hai knew that this was for him to guide the ship. So Zhao Hai immediately had the undead raise the anchor while hoisting the sails as he followed the Rock Shrimps towards the deeper parts of the sea.

A lot of Rock Shrimps were swimming alongside Zhao Hai’s ship. Seeing the Rock Shrimp Patriarch and the others, Zhao Hai

others, Zhao Hai was not sure if this was an escort or surveillance.

Zhao Hai and the others sat in the ship while looking at the monitor to see the situation. The ocean was indeed very big that it seemed limitless. The Haven was considered to be quick for a merchant ship. But compared to the Rock Shrimps, it was having a hard time catching up.

Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that the route that they were taking was very safe. They were completely safe along the way. They didn’t encounter any attacks, nor did they encounter any reefs or unpredictable undercurrents.

At night, the Rock Shrimp Patriarch would lead his people to rest in the sea. Zhao Hai also stopped his ship and waited for the next day. This cycle was repeated for ten days.

In these ten days, Zhao Hai already saw a lot of Sea Tribes. There were Turtles as well as numerous Fishes. Because of their numbers, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to correctly identify each one of them.

And these tribes always came to the Rock Shrimp patriarch since they were encroaching on their domain, there were even some who were intending to rob them. However, when the Rock Shrimp Patriarch showed a token, the opposite party allowed them to pass. But although they were allowed passage, the Fishmen still looked at Zhao Hai with curiosity.

Zhao Hai also knew that this was because of the long time where there was no contact between Humans and the Fishmen. So when they saw him, it was natural that they would feel interested.

In these ten days, Zhao Hai was expecting that he would be led to the Sea King. But he didn’t expect the Rock Shrimp Patriarch to bring him to the Swordfish Tribe’s Domain.

The reason why Zhao Hai identified the other party was because of their very special mounts. Their mounts had a very long bone spike that can be used as a spear, it looked very hard. Moreover, the fish was very big, about ten meters in length. On its back were big fins, which seemed to express power and prestige.

Riding atop these swordfishes were people who had the same kind of fins on their heads, looking like a well combed hair. The person was holding a long bone spear and was about two meters in height. It’s black skin looked slippery with mucus while he wore armor made of shells and seaweeds. He looked like a very powerful warrior.





* * *





Chapter 611 – Stone Column Island

Zhao Hai saw on the monitor that the Rock Shrimp Patriarch gave the Swordfish man a salute. Then after a bit of talking, he presented a token to the Swordfish tribesman.

The Swordfish tribesman received the token and after taking a look at it, he nodded. Then the Rock Shrimp Patriarch and the others returned to the sea’s surface.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation and understood that he wasn’t here to see the Sea King. The Rock Shrimp Patriarch can only escort him up to here.

After that, just as Zhao Hai closed the monitor, the Rock Shrimp Patriarch’s was heard outside, “I ask Mister Zhao Hai to please come out.” Then Zhao Hai and the others went on to the ship’s bow to see the Rock Shrimp Patriarch as well as the Swordfish tribesman. The Swordfish was still sitting on his mount, he came along with his men. All them looked at Zhao Hai with a hint of curiosity.

Zhao Hai gave a bow and said, “I’ve seen the Rock Shrimp Patriarch and brother Fishman. Why did Patriarch call for me?”

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch returned the bow and then said, “Mister, we can only take you up to here. This is the Junior Patriarch of the Swordfish tribe. The next step would be up to him.”

Zhao Hai quickly replied, “I thank the Patriarch for his efforts. The Patriarch doesn’t need to worry, I have already sent a letter back to the family, they will be sending you two shipments worth of supplies. That would be my gratitude for Patriarch’s help. The Patriarch would just need to wait in your place and the ships would arrive in a few days. Please don’t refuse this gift.”

The Rock Shrimp Patriarch’s face couldn’t help but burst in glee, “Then mister Zhao Hai has my deepest gratitude. Junior Patriarch, Mister Zhao Hai is a very good person. Please take care of him.”

The Junior Patriarch of the Swordfish tribe looked at Zhao Hai and nodded, “I will. Patriarch Libben can rest assured.” The Rock Shrimp Patriarch then nodded and gave a bow to Zhao Hai before he submerged back to the sea.

Zhao Hai turned to the Junior Patriarch of the Swordfish tribe, he





gave a bow and said, “Zhao Hai has seen Junior Patriarch, I apologize for the trouble.”

The Junior Patriarch of the Swordfish tribe was polite to Zhao Hai as well. He returned Zhao Hai’s bow and said, “Mister is too polite. The Sea King had issued summons for mister, so naturally we wouldn’t dare to ignore it. Mister, please come with us.” Then the Junior Patriarch went to the front of the Haven. The other Knights looked at Zhao Hai before they went to the sides of the ship and escorted it.

Zhao Hai discovered that the Junior Patriarch of the Swordfish tribe seemed to dislike having in contact with him. However, this Junior Patriarch also seemed to be very strong. Zhao Hai estimated this Junior Patriarch to be equivalent to an 8th rank human expert.

Zhao Hai has no way to calculate a Fishman’s age, so he didn’t know how old this Junior Patriarch was. But what he definitely knew was that this Junior Patriarch was not old for his race. For him to be 8th rank was a proof of his extraordinary talent.

Moreover, Zhao Hai also discovered that this Junior Patriarch’s army was very unified. These Swordfish Knights under his command, although only about 500, were comprised of 6th to 7th rank experts. These people were very unified that even in motion they still kept their proper formation.

Zhao Hai also paid close attention to the Swordfish knights’ reaction towards the Junior Patriarch. They seem to have no hint of resistance to his command, some of them even carried expressions of worship. This showed that the commanding power of this Junior Patriarch was very great.

An army this sharp usually held great pride. Even if one’s status was high, if they don’t believe your strength, then they would find it hard to follow you and would only look down on you. However, this Junior Patriarch seemed to have completely conquered these people. There was no need to doubt his strength and skill in handling his army.

Zhao Hai wanted to talk to this Junior Patriarch, but it seems like this Junior Patriarch was unwilling to talk to him. Zhao Hai tribed to open up a conversation only to be turned down with short answers. In





In the end, Zhao Hai chose to give up.

Following Laura and the others in returning to the Space, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and couldn’t help but chuckle, “Brother Hai, they actually chose to ignore you. I haven’t seen that before.”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “It’s just his arrogance. Hehe, this is the first time I’ve seen someone do that to me.”

Meg suddenly got fired up, “His arrogance is useless. Compared to the Young Master, his strength is just nothing. He actually acted disrespectfully to Young Master, you should go and teach him a lesson.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Calm down, we’re still in their domain. In addition, this Junior Patriarch is still young. Being this young and already strong is commendable. After all, he didn’t have the help of the Space.”

Although Meg nodded, her face still couldn’t hide her indignation. In her heart, Zhao Hai was the best, he was the strongest of them all. She would get angry if anyone were to dare to be impolite to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai thought that he would be seeing the Sea King after only a few days. But he didn’t expect the ship to travel for 20 days. On the 20th day, Zhao Hai discovered that there was a rainbow like radiance in the distance.

Zhao Hai opened the monitor and immediately became shocked. The rainbow lights was not too far. But after seeing what it was, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at the scenery, surprised.

What Zhao Hai saw was an island. But this island was peculiar, it wasn’t connected to the sea but was instead held up by 13 huge pillars on the water.

He didn’t know how these stone pillars were produced, but there were many holes on each pillar of which water kept flowing out. The water produced mist that would in turn make the rainbows.

Zhao Hai also saw that in those holes, Merpeople can be seen. These merpeople had the upper bodies of humans but had a lower body of a fish. They all had long golden hair and dark blue eyes. Their chests were covered by shells while the others parts were left exposed. They looked pure with a





with a tint of temptation. Their appearance made people unable to look away.

Laura and the others were also dumbfounded upon seeing these people. They also didn’t think that there would be such a place. The mists kept coming as an endless amount of water kept pouring down the pillars. There were also the attractive mermaids. This made them feel like they were in a fairytale.

After some time, Laura and the others recovered. Their mouths couldn’t help but release a sound of wonder. Zhao Hai was also the same, this scenery was indeed too beautiful.

At this time, the Haven was already slowly approaching the place. After heading to the island for some time, they were immediately blocked by a gigantic Fishman. This man’s stature was very tall and big. He was even taller than the biggest Beastman. It had blue skin and was as tall as Zhao Hai’s stone golem and looked just as strong. He held a huge trident on one hand that was about 20 meters long, it looked quite heavy.

The bodies of these people don’t seem to be different from humans. The sole difference were some parts of their body as well as their enormous tail. The tail was very robust, Zhao Hai seemed to identify it as something that belonged to a whale.

These people had their mounts as well. Each one of them had huge blue whales that carried them on their backs. They looked extraordinarily formidable. After they blocked the Junior Patriarch of the Swordfish tribe, the Junior Patriarch immediately took the token that was handed over by the Rock Shrimp Patriarch and gave it to the opposite party. The huge fishman nodded before he waved his hand, sending the Junior Patriarch away.

Although the Junior Patriarch was arrogant, he still wouldn’t dare to pull rank against these Whale Fishmen. The Junior Patriarch bowed to the Whale fishman before he retreated. The Whales then started to slowly float towards the surface.

When the Whale fishman started to appear on the surface, Zhao Hai can immediately feel the pressure coming out of them. These Whale fishmen on top of the whale mounts looked just like the ancient giants from the legends. Their heights had surpassed the deck of the ship.

Before Zhao Hai

ship.

Before Zhao Hai could speak, one Whale fishman said, “You are Zhao Hai?” His voice rumbling, it was as deep as thunder.

Zhao Hai didn’t get frightened, he immediately gave a bow and said, “Brother Fishman, I am indeed Zhao Hai.”

The Whale fishman looked at Zhao Hai and said, “The Sea King has summoned you. Go retrieve your sails.” Zhao Hai complied as he had the undead take down the sails of the ship.

Just as the sails were taken down, two Whale fishmen arrived by his ship and extended their hands towards the Haven’s bow before pushing it towards the small island.

Zhao Hai looked at these Whale fishmen, he didn’t think that these soldiers would have this strength. They seem to push an Ironclad Five masted ship with absolutely no effort.

It didn’t take a long time for them to arrive at the vicinity of the small island. However, Zhao Hai cannot walk at this time. This was because surrounding the small island were all kinds of reefs. There was simply no way for the ship to continue.

Zhao Hai also saw some Mermaids on the reefs. These mermaids looked curiously at Zhao Hai. Once in a while they would whisper some words to their companions before bell-like laughters echoed out.

About one kilometer away from a column, the Haven stopped. The Whale fishman then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You come to my mount’s back. I’ll take you further.”

Zhao Hai expressed his gratitude before leading Laura and the others to the back of the whale. When they arrived on top of the whale, they discovered that they were only as tall as the Whale fishman’s feet. It seems like if the Whale fishman wants to, he could step on them.

The Whale fishman turned his head to Zhao Hai as he cracked a smile. Then he led his whale mount to swim towards the island. Before long, they had passed by the stone columns and reached the middle column of the island. Zhao Hai noted that the stone column seem to be several hundred meters high. The waters from the holes above also kept flowing down. On top of this stone column was a palace, something that Zhao Hai has not seen before.





* * *





Chapter 612 – Queen

The Whales took Zhao Hai to the stone pillar. The holes on this pillar weren’t small, however, the Whales were still unable to go up.

The Whale fishman shouted towards the stone pillar, “Old Turtle, please come out.” Just as his voice fell, a person suddenly appeared from the bottom of the stone pillar. After seeing him come out, Zhao Hai found out that this man was a Turtle fishman. He wore trousers made of seaweed with an upper body of a turtle, with a carapace protecting his front and back.

The Turtle fishman looked at the Whale fishman and said, “You called me?”

The Whale looked at the Turtle and said, “This is mister Zhao Hai. He’s someone that the Sea King had summoned. I ask the old Turtle Fishman to help me bring him up.”

The Turtle fishman looked at Zhao Hai and then said, “You are Zhao Hai?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I am Zhao Hai.” Then the Turtle nodded. He waved as several turtles appeared from the stone pillar. These turtles weren’t large, their shells were only about two meters in diameter.

The Turtle fishman turned his head to Zhao Hai and the others and said, “Stand on them, I’ll go take you to the top.” Zhao Hai nodded, and then stood on the back of a turtle before they were taken up the stone pillar.

Upon entering this pillar, Zhao Hai had found out that it actually was a maze. There were plenty of interconnected channels inside and each of them had their own water currents. In the end, the Turtle fishman had brought Zhao Hai to a steadily flowing part of the pillar.

This pillar was unexpectedly a water slide. Each pillar had rushing water cascading down. One could clearly see that the water was very deep.

Zhao Hai felt strange, he was surprised as to how the Fishmen were able to do this. How did they manage to place a large amount of water in such a place? It was really amazing.

However, the turtles seem to not care about it as they swam against the stream. All of them were steadily going upward with speed that couldn’t be described as slow.

Zhao Hai counted probably about half an hour before they reached the top of the pillar. The position that they were in now was actually a big pool. An in the middle of this pool was a palace.

The palace was constructed beautifully. It was made out of white stone with its top being a blue tent. On the walls were endless pearls and crystals. These pearls and crystals made for an attractive sight. They sparkled under the sunlight, and they seem to be intricately arranged that their reflections had illuminated the big pool. The illuminations on the pool showed different Fishman tribes, it was very beautiful.

Zhao Hai and the others couldn’t help but be in awe with such a scene. They didn’t expect that they would be able to see such a beautiful place. At this time, the Turtle fishman





stopped at the pull. Then the old Turtle Fishman turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, please come ashore. Some people would be meeting you there.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave a bow to the old Turtle Fishman and said, “I thank Brother Fishman.” Then he took a step towards the shore along with Laura and the others.

After seeing that the group had come to shore, the old Turtle Fishman then turned around to leave along with the turtles. But at this time, a person walked out of the palace. This person was a blonde haired woman with blue eyes. In her hand was a crystal staff. She wore a green robe on her body. It was evident that her robe was made out of seaweed.

The woman went towards ZHao Hai and bowed. Then she smiled and said, “Are you the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince, and the Dwarves’ Foreign Elder, Zhao Hai?”

Zhao Hai recovered, then he bowed hastily and said, “I am indeed Zhao Hai. May I know who the young lady is?”

The woman smiled faintly and said, “I’m a person of the Sea King’s palace. My name is Lola, please come with me.”

Zhao Hai quickly said, “This one has seen officer Lola. If I may ask, what clan does officer Lola belong? Are you a Human?”

Lola smiled faintly and said, “There’s no need for mister to be too polite. I am not a Human, I’m a mermaid. We mermaids can change between tail and legs all year round. So it isn’t strange to see us walking like this.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “So that’s how it is. I didn’t think that the Royal Tribe of the Fishmen were actually the Mermaids. This is the first time that I’ve heard of this.”

Lola curiously looked at Zhao Hai, “This is the first time? How is that possible? In the past, there were several occasions where the Fishmen and Humans came in contact. The nearest one should be about several thousand years ago. Did the Humans not have this in their records?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he turned to look at Laura and the others and said, “Did you know about this?”

Laura and the others shook their heads. Then Laura replied, “I didn’t. I’ve read all of the history books that we have collected. And in the past ten thousand years, there has been no contact between the Fishmen and the Humans.”

Lola looked at Zhao Hai and then shook her head, “There’s nothing strange about that. Our initial relationship with the Humans was very good. But later on, the Radiant Church had started to pressure us, causing our contact with the humans to be cut off. Later on we heard that the people of the Radiant Church had taken charge in making the history books of the humans. So it was natural that they wouldn’t include us in.”

Zhao Hai stared, he wasn’t aware of any of these matters. No wonder there wasn’t even a word about the Fishmen in the ten





ten thousand year history of the Humans. Moreover, these history books were unfairly aggressive towards the Beastmen. In the history books, the Beastmen were described as wild and aggressive while the Dwarves were violent and irritating. The Elves had it better, since they were written to have unparalleled beauty. But this was not a good thing. This made the humans covet the Elves. For a period of time, there were humans who were capturing Elves and made them into slaves. In the end, the Elves retreated from the Human lands and went to the Elven Forest, completely cutting their contact with the outside world.

After putting all of this together, Zhao Hai was able to understand what was going on. This must be one of the plans of the Radiant Church. They wanted the Fishmen to be forgotten, and the Beastmen and Dwarves to be hated. But since the Elves were too perfect, the Radiant Church were unable to find dirt on them. The Church can only use one method, and it was to make the Elves cut their ties with the Humans. In the end, their plan succeeded, making it very difficult for the races to come in contact with the humans.

At this time, Lola had already brought Zhao Hai and the others to the Great Hall. This Great Hall was very spacious. From what Zhao Hai can see, the Great Hall must have been about 20 meters high. The ceiling of the hall was made out of crystal, making it possible to see the outside directly. These crystals were also adjusted in order to be a beautiful piece of art.

The stone pillars of the Great Hall were also inlaid with pearls and crystals. There were mermaids standing on each pillar, but each of them had already turned into their Human form.

In the innermost part of the Great Hall was a special throne. It looked like a normal throne but with half of it underwater. A mermaid was sitting on this throne. She wore green robes along with a crystal crown on her head as well as a crystal scepter on her hand. However, she didn’t change into her human form, her lower body was tail of a fish.

Lola led ZHao Hai and the others to the beautiful mermaid up to about ten paces away. Then Lola bowed to the Mermaid and said, “Your Majesty, Mister Zhao Hai and his wives has arrived.”

The woman waved his hand, then Lola bowed again before going back. Then Zhao Hai and the others went forward and bowed, “Zhao Hai has see Her Majesty the Mermaid Queen.”

The Queen nodded, then he looked curiously at Zhao Hai, “Mister Zhao Hai, Miss Laura, Miss Megan, Miss Meg, Miss Lizzy, Miss Ni’er. I welcome you in behalf of all the Fishmen. May I know the reason why you’ve been anxious to see me?”

Zhao Hai and the others stared, they didn’t think that the Queen would get their names accurately.

Zhao Hai looked confused at the Queen but he still answered,





still answered, “It’s an honor for Her Majesty to know our names. I came this time to tell Your Majesty of an important matter.”

The Queen smiled faintly and said, “Mister can tell me.”

Zhao Hai looked at the Queen and suddenly said, “Before I say it, I want to ask Your Majesty something. What is your view of the Radiant Church?”

The Queen gawked, she was confused at Zhao Hai’s question. Then she asked Zhao Hai, “What is the purpose of mister’s question? Is mister’s trip because of the Radiant Church? I heard that mister is enemies with the Radiant Church.”

Zhao Hai stared, he looked at the Queen and said, “Does Your Majesty know about this?”

The Queen smiled faintly and said, “Of course. Although there weren’t much contact between the Fishmen and the Humans, that doesn’t mean that we don’t hear any news at all. Especially my mermaid race.”

When Zhao Hai heard the Queen, he couldn’t help but get surprised, but he still answered, “Then it’s good that Your Majesty knows about the matters of the continent. I just want to know about how Your Majesty views the Radiant Church.”

The Queen looked at Zhao Hai and said, “The Radiant Church is an evil organization. They probably wanted to rule the entire world and enslave all the races, including us Fishmen.”

When he heard the Queen, Zhao Hai’s confidence went up. He looked at the Queen and said, “I don’t know if the Queen knew about the war tens of thousands of years ago. Where all of the major races of the Continent united. The matter about the war against the Divine Race?”

The Queen stared, then she thought for a moment before she said, “I do remember it. Our clan has it on our records. At that time, our Fishman Race also entered that war. But since most of the fighting happened on land, we weren’t much of a help. But there were still a lot of our Mermaid tribe’s elders that had died in that war.”

Zhao Hai was now fully assured, “I’ll tell Your Majesty about all I know. I suspect that the Radiant Church is a chess piece that the Divine Race had placed here in the Ark Continent. They were here in order to prepare for the Divine Race’s invasion.”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Queen’s facial expression couldn’t help but change, “Mister, tell me all the details.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then narrated how he helped the Dwarves to restore their artifact spirit. Then on about the time he went to the Northern Icefield in order to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear. He also expressed his numerous speculations.”

While the Queen listened to Zhao Hai, her face constantly changed. After Zhao Hai finished, the Queen sighed and said, “So that’s how it is. No wonder mister can become the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince. Also it seems like there’s nobody in the continent that knew about you becoming the Foreign Elder of the Dwarves. So Mister has been preparing for this matter. It seems like the people

like the people of the continent had heavily underestimated mister’s capabilities.”

Zhao Hai looked strangely at the Queen. From her words, it seems like she was updated on the matters of the continent. This made Zhao Hai confused, how could the Fishmen had such deep understanding about the continent?

The Queen looked at Zhao Hai and then smiled faintly, “Mister doesn’t need to get confused about why our Mermaid clan is aware of the matters of the continent. Does mister know about the Sea God’s Merchant Union?”

Upon hearing Sea God’s Merchant Union, the faces of Zhao Hai and the others couldn’t help but change. It was not because they didn’t hear about it, but it was because they were too familiar with the name.

Among the big Merchant unions of the continent, the Sea God’s Merchant Union was the most mysterious. The main business of this Merchant Union were their clothing and jewelry.

The Queen wouldn’t mention the Sea God’s Merchant Union for no reason at all. Just her mentioning this name meant that the merchant union is under the Mermaid Clan’s control! This was too shocking, people had always believed that the Fishmen were always in the sea. Because of this, nobody would suspect that they would openly make their own merchant union. And it was actually one of the most famous merchant unions in the continent.

Zhao Hai and Laura looked at each other and can see the shock in each other’s eyes. The Mermaids were too formidable. They can actually hide this for a long time, it was too amazing.

The Queen looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and smiled, “Mister shouldn’t be too surprised. After all, we, the Fishmen, still needed Human products to live. But we cannot openly trade with the Humans. After all, most of the Fishman races didn’t have good impressions towards your race.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I understand. Since Your Majesty knows, what would your race do now? Will you help us in dealing with the Radiant Church and the Divine Race?”

The Queen thought for a moment before she nodded, “Naturally. The Radiant Church was the main culprit who drove us away from the continent. And they also wanted to enslave everyone. So why wouldn’t we agree? We shall help you to deal with the Radiant Church and the Divine Race.”

When he heard the Queen, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be glad, “I thank Your Majesty.”

The Queen smiled faintly and said, “Mister shouldn’t be too polite. Compared to what mister had done, my word is nothing. But mister, we’re in quite of a trouble right now. I’m afraid we won’t be able to provide help in the meantime.”

“I knew it!” Zhao Hai said inside. But he smiled and said, “If Your Majesty trusts this Zhao Hai. Then I could provide you with a helping hand.”

The Queen stared, then she shook her head and said, “No need. The Buda Clan might be strong on land, but this is the sea. I’m afraid Mister can’t provide much of a help.”





* * *





Chapter 613 – Secret

When Zhao Hai heard the Queen, he couldn’t help but show a smile as he said, “Your Majesty, since you know about my Buda Clan, they you should also know about my ability. I might not have good cultivation, but my Dark Magic, especially undead magic, is unparalleled. If I say I’m second, nobody would dare claim that they are first.”

The Queen stared at Zhao Hai, then after thinking for a moment, she said, “So mister wants to help us using your Undead?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It depends on what troubles you have encountered.”

The Queen looked at Zhao Hai, and the after some time, she let out a long sigh and said, “Patriarch Zhao Hai’s undead summoning is indeed very famous in the continent. This Queen wouldn’t hide anything from mister, this time, we had really met some trouble. Someone wanted to challenge the throne.”

This answer was within Zhao Hai’s expectations. The Mermaid Race was the ruling clan of the Fishmen. If there wasn’t a revolt, they wouldn’t have established ties with the Rock Shrimp tribe. After all, the Rock Shrimp tribe was just too unqualified.

Zhao Hai looked at the Queen and said, “Since Your Majesty wanted to form an alliance with us, they we are now allies. If an ally is in trouble, then it would be impossible for me to just stand by. I ask Your Majesty to tell us the problem, this Zhao Hai would do his best to help.”

The Queen looked at Zhao Hai and somehow felt that he can be trusted. So she gave a sigh and said, “I’m afraid mister would laugh at us. Although we rule the sea, the waters are just too big. Our Mermaid Clan simply cannot manage every single place. Moreover, since our management is quite loose, many people held us in high regard. But we had recently discovered that some Fishmen tribes were having trouble. It was clear that something must have happened. So we sent some people to investigate and found out that a strong subordinate of ours, the Sea Dragon tribe, has been collecting massive amounts of tax under our name. However, these taxes weren’t handed over to us,





but instead, they hoarded it for themselves and used it to pull other tribes over to their side. At the time of us finding out, those tribes had already established an alliance and had blatantly announced their revolt. Now, we had lost control of the east side of the seas. Moreover, the Sea Dragon Tribe has also amassed an army and are now inching towards us. Because our Mermaid Race has not fought for some time, our response had been slow. Now, we have our backs behind the wall.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then I would have to disturb Your Majesty for a few days. In those few days, I will use the time to manufacture a batch of high level undead marine beasts and make them into an army. When the time comes, I believe they would be able to help Your Majesty. What do you think?”

The Queen gawked at what Zhao Hai said, then her face expressed her glee as she said, “Then I would trouble mister Zhao Hai. Lola, arrange a room for mister Zhao Hai to rest in.”

Lola stepped forward and gave the Queen a bow, then she turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, come with me.” Zhao Hai then gave the Queen a bow before leaving with Lola.

When Zhao Hai left the Great Hall, a Mermaid entered the Great Hall from a small entrance at the side. The Mermaid then told the Queen, “Your Majesty, from what we’ve heard from mister Zhao Hai, it seems like the attack of the Sea Dragons are also related to the Divine Race.”

The Queen nodded and said, “In our clan’s records, the Dragon Race were the most faithful dogs of the Divine Race. The Sea Dragons are a branch family of the Dragons. Their sudden move this time might have some reason. Luo Luo, you go look at the records and see what the Sea Dragons did during the previous war against the Divine Race. I’m afraid I can’t remember if there are any records of it in the clan.”

The Mermaid Luo Luo complied, then she looked at the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, do you think mister Zhao Hai’s plan is feasible? Can





Can the undead really deal with those Sea Dragons?”

The Queen smiled faintly and said, “The Buda Clan’s Patriarch is very mysterious. There are numerous people in the continent that went to investigate him only to find out nothing. But some people suspect that he has some sort of Space Divergent Ability. Moreover, all of his undead are very high levelled, their individual fighting strength is not weak. If we have his help, then we may reduce our casualties. You transmit my orders to get the Whales to catch a lot magic beasts and bring them over. We don’t know how many undead mister Zhao Hai might make. But I’m sure that when the war comes, those Sea Dragons would surely be in on a surprise.”

Luo Luo nodded, then she turned around to leave. Inside the Great Hall, the Queen gave a sigh before she muttered, “The Divine Race is finally returning? Hehe, that’s good. I’ve also waited to take revenge. Clowns of the Sea Dragon Race, do you really think that you can dethrone us? Keep dreaming.”

Zhao Hai and the others were lead by Lola to a side hall. This hall wasn’t very big, but it still had the beautiful aesthetics of the palace. The hall was divided into four regions. Upon entering, one would first enter the lobby, it was a living room that was floored with blue stone. Moreover, the stones underwent careful polishing, one could see reflections when one walks on them.

The second room was the dining room, inside were stone furniture This room had wooden tables and chairs in them. These tables and chairs were all made out of the finest wood. They didn’t use a single coating of paint, revealing the natural wood grains. It looked very simple and natural.

The third were the bed spaces, inside were a total of four rooms and a living room. The fourth part of the hall was the bathroom. The floor of the bathroom was made out out blue shells. In the middle of the bathroom was a large pool. There were several fish head sculptures on the edges of the pool with water spraying out of it. There was also a water outlet under the pool in





pool in order to stabilize its height. The water was crystal clear and wasn’t cold at all. Instead it felt warm and was very nice to take a bath in.

Lola asked Zhao Hai and the others to the living room and briefed them about the palace before she took her leave. She also told Zhao Hai that if he needs something, he can just pull on the rope inside the bedroom. The rope was linked to a metal bell, when the rope is pulled, the bell would then issue a ring which would alert nearby people.

After Lola left, Zhao Hai and the others went to the small living area in their bedroom. Then, Zhao Hai opened his monitor. Cai’er already recorded the conversation between Luo Luo and the Queen.

After Zhao Hai and the others listened to the video, the group became silent. After some time, Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, looking at the Queen’s expression, is she confident?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then after sighing he said, “She certainly is. The mermaids have been ruling the fishmen for a long time. So how could they possibly not have their trump cards. If they didn’t have any methods, then they would’ve already fallen to a revolt long time ago. And seeing from the Queen’s expression, it seems like she is reluctant to use their trump card. Otherwise, she wouldn’t need out help.”

Laura nodded, then Lizzy frowned and said, “Do we really need to help the Queen? They have ways to deal with these people. Aren’t we being used like tools this time?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That doesn’t matter. In any case, if we help them deal with the Sea Dragons, our relationship would get much closer. This is good for our future plans. I just didn’t think that the Dragons would be on the side of the Divine Realm. It seems like the Radiant Church was the Divine Race’s chess piece in the light while the Dragons are their piece in the shadows.”

Megan looked like she had a heavy heart, “Big Brother Hai, Dragons haven’t appeared on the continent for many years. It seems like they have been living in the Accra mountains. If the

mountains. If the Dragons were indeed on the side of the Divine Race, then its likely that they have been controlling the magic beasts of the mountain. No wonder the Accra mountains had become one of the Five Forbidden Areas. The Dragons controlling the magic beasts for the Divine Race must be kept secret from the others. So they naturally would kill people who ventured deep into the Accra Mountain.”

The smile on Zhao Hai’s face disappeared, then he nodded and said, “That’s very possible. If there is really a Divine Race’s force in the Accra Mountains, then the Demonic Abyss would definitely be a den for the Demons. People already had some suspicions that the Demonic Abyss is related to the Demon Race, but nobody had any proof of it. I think the Demons used this deliberately in order to focus everyone’s attention to the Demonic Abyss while the Engraved Ark continues to accumulate power. The methods of the Demons and the Divine Race were actually similar, but are reversed.

Laura became serious as she said, “It seems like the Demons and the Divine Realm still hasn’t lost heart for the Ark Continent. Brother Hai, we’re quite lucky that we haven’t gone to the Accra Mountains yet and found out about the relationship between the Dragons and the Divine Race. If we went there and found out, then the Divine Race would surely be alerted that their secret was revealed. It might spur them into action.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Fortunately, we went to the Fishman Race first. Otherwise, we would’ve gone to Accra Mountains since the Elves were still unprepared. I’m planning on getting some magic beasts and plants to upgrade the Space. I’ve also been thinking of subduing the Dragons, after all, their fighting strength were incredibly known to the continent.”

Megan knit her brows as she said, “It’s really strange that nobody knew about the relationship between the Dragons and the Divine Race. It seems like this was also because of the Radiant Church’s machinations.”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “It seems so. The Radiant Church had probably obtained the Divine Race’s decree earlier than we have imagined. “The Divine race is good, they were actually very patient.”





* * *





Chapter 614 – Arrogant? I Have Strength!

Although they were in a hostile relationship, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but admire the Divine Race. For them to hide everything for such a long time was a testament to how patient they were.

However, this also made Zhao Hai pay much more attention to them. The Divine Race can completely turn the entire Ark Continent over along with the Radiant Church. Such a race was notable, and Zhao Hai couldn’t help but refrain from being careless.

Laura coldly snorted and said, “Brother Hai, then what do we do? When we extinguish the Sea Dragons, then would we be looking for trouble with the Dragons in Accra Mountains?” She was afraid that the continent would find out that Zhao Hai had the guts to offend the Dragons. In the continent, Dragons were the symbols of invincibility. Nobody dared to go and purposefully offend them.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Don’t worry. First, we deal with the Sea Dragons, and then we go to Flame Island and see what’s going on there. Maybe we can get some benefits along the way. After that, we’ll go deal with the dragons. But since there are quite strong, we need to get ready. Right Laura, you and the others are now 9th rank experts. But you don’t have your own mounts. Maybe we can get you some dragons to ride in Accra Mountains.”

Laura snorted, “I don’t want them. What do those stupid dragons do that a 9th rank Blood Hawk can’t? I’d rather use the Blood Hawks as a mount.”

Zhao Hai and the others laughed. If other people in the continent were to hear Laura, hey would certainly laugh. She actually denied the chance to have a dragon as a mount. That’s an absurd idea.

After some time, the group gradually calmed down. Then Megan turned her head towards Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, will you start making undead tomorrow? Your undeads are now 9th rank, what form do you want them to look like?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “This is truly tricky to deal with. We can just let those undead retain their forms when they fight, but we’ll have them deliberately get injured or play dead. Naturally, those are just make believe. Once they reach a certain amount of damage, we can receive them into the Space. We can use this method as





a cover up. Also, the Queen was also aware of the strength of my undead, so she wouldn’t suspect too much upon seeing them fight.”

Lizzy nodded and said, “From what I can hear from the Queen, she seems to be sincere in her move to ally with us. In this case, it would be more advantageous for her if Brother Hai is stronger than she expected. I think she wouldn’t just betray you.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “in fact, there’s really no need to be careful about the Fishmen. Although they had the Sea God’s Merchant Union and can contact with the continent, they have always been mysterious and can only be rarely be spotted. Their contact with the other powers can only be said to be miniscule. So I believe that they won’t say anything. The other Fishman tribes are also less likely to talk, after all, they don’t get in contact with the humans. Because of that I believe that what we do here won’t be revealed to the Humans back in the continent.”

Lizzy shook her head and said, “But we still need to be careful. Even if the Fishmen wouldn’t talk, what about the Sea Dragons? They might use the other Dragons to expose us.”

Laura also nodded and said, “Brother Hai, we do need to be much more careful.” Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything more. Laura and the others didn’t say anything as well as they went back to the Space and started to prepare.

Although the Queen didn’t invite Zhao Hai over for a meal, she still had people send him a beautiful array of dishes. The variety seafoods present were more than what Zhao Hai had eaten before. This made Zhao Hai and the others satisfied with their meal.

The next morning, after Zhao Hai and the others ate the Breakfast that Lola had given them, Lola gave them word that the Queen was inviting them over. Then Zhao Hai and the others went with Lola to the Great Hall in order to meet with the Queen.

The Queen was sat in the same position as when Zhao Hai had met her yesterday. Upon seeing Zhao Hai, the Queen couldn’t help but smile faintly and said, “Mister, come and take a seat.” Zhao Hai then noticed that there were several chairs in the Great Hall today. It seems like these were





were specially prepared for them.

After Zhao Hai and the others expressed their gratitude and sat on the chairs, the Queen said, “How many undead can mister summon? How many beasts do we need to acquire?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “As many beasts as you can find, the more the better. Right, Your Majesty, how many people had followed the Sea Dragons’ rebellion? How much people do they have?”

The Queen forced a smile and said, “There are a lot of tribes that decided to join the Sea Dragons, I don’t know how many they are. But there were a lot of small races that were absorbed into their army. I’m afraid that the current army of the Sea Dragons numbers at about more than ten million.”

Although he knew that the seas was big and there were a lot of beings in here, Zhao Hai still couldn’t help but breath some cold air upon hearing the number of the opposite party. Now he understood why the Sea Dragons decided to act against the Mermaids. If the Mermaids were dealt with, the Sea Dragons would have full hegemony of the seas. When the time comes, they can amass their army and coordinate with the Radiant Church. At that time, it wouldn’t be impossible to conquer the entire continent.

Moreover, the Fishmen also had an advantage. Although they can’t stay on land for too long, one shouldn’t forget that they can just retreat to the seas whenever they get defeated. The sea is their domain and no army of the continent was able to contend with them there. That would be equivalent to the Fishmen having bases right beside Human territories.

If this was really the case, then the Divine Race can definitely depend on them and fight a battle of attrition with the major races in the continent. At that time, even if they don’t send a God-ranked expert and just sent down an army of 9th ranks, they can still defeat the races of the continent. After all, the population of the continent was greatly fewer than the people of the sea. Moreover, they still had the Dragons in Accra Mountains as well as the Radiant Church.

Thinking about this made Zhao Hai coldly sweat. If he didn’t come to see the Fishmen at this time, then he would really be in trouble. It was good that he came just in





just in time to deal with the Sea Dragons, solving the issue with the Fishmen.

The Queen saw that Zhao Hai’s face turned ugly and didn’t speak for quite a while. She thought that he was frightened by the army so she quickly said, “Mister doesn’t need to worry about our ability to resist them. We were just caught off guard this time, so we couldn’t respond appropriately. Mister can just summon as many as you can, that’s already enough of of a help.”

When Zhao Hai heard that the Queen seemed to misunderstand him, he immediately smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty misunderstands, I can summon as much undead as the number of copses that you can provide. I can only ask Your Majesty to grab as much corpses as possible, it would be great to get corpses from the enemies.”

The Queen nodded, “Alright, the mister doesn’t need to worry about the magic beasts. I already had my people prepare them. I just want to know how much mister can take.”

Zhao Hai knew what the Queen meant. After all, her clan had a lot of contact with the Humans, so it was natural that she was aware about Dark Mages. She knew that Dark Mages have their limit. If the Fishmen were to provide more than what Zhao Hai can summon, then he would be losing face.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your majesty doesn’t need to worry. Make them get as many as possible, the more the better. If Your Majesty can prepare 10 million magic ebasts, then Your Majesty would acquire a 10 million undead army. This one will have to excuse myself to rest. Once the corpses are ready, Your Majesty can just send some people over to get me.” Then he gave a bow before he left along with Laura and the others.

When Zhao Hai left, Luo Luo arrived at the Great Hall, completely fuming, “Your Majesty, this Zhao Hai is extremely arrogant. Your Majesty is only thinking about his well being, but instead he was being impolite.”

The Queen smiled faintly and then shook her head, “Silly thing, he’s not being extremely arrogant. He is just very strong. You might not know but he has a very terrifying reputation among the Humans. In just one night, he had turned an entire several hundred thousand Aksu Empire navy into his undead. If he can really

he can really turn 10 million corpses into undead, then that would be good for us. Go give the orders to get as much magic beasts as possible. As long as they are wild, then get them. Right, go bring corpses of Sea Dragons and their allies as well. I want to see what an undead Sea Dragon looks like.” While she spoke this, a killing aura appeared around the Queen.

The Mermaid Queen was very angry. The Mermaid Race had ruled the seas for many years, but they hadn’t encountered a rebellion of this scale. The Sea Dragons actually made the Mermaids lose control of the eastern seas. For the Mermaid Race, this was not a small attack.

The fighting strength of the eastern sea was much stronger than the west. This was because in the eastern waters, aside from the Sea Dragons, there were also the Sharks, Electric Eels, and various poisonous races. These collection of people were very strong. It was because of this that when the Sea Dragon announced their rebellion, the Mermaid Race was caught off guard.

However, the Mermaids weren’t people who could be trifled with as well. Not only do they have the loyal Whale tribe and Swordfish tribe, their own fighting strength was formidable as well. The Queen believed that as long as they have time, they would be able to amass an army that can extinguish the Sea Dragons in one swoop.

Luo Luo looked at the Queen and didn’t talk about Zhao Hai anymore. She then looked at the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, I also checked the records about the Sea Dragons yesterday and found out that the Sea Dragons didn’t exist during the fight with the Divine Race.”

When the Queen heard Luo Luo, she couldn’t help but reply, “There are no Sea Dragons? What does that mean?”

Luo Luo replied, “Your Majesty, during the major war against the Divine Race where our Mermaid Race had participated, the Dragons were there as well, but they were on the side of the Divine Race. When the God was defeated, the Dragons didn’t have anywhere else to go but retreat to the Accra Mountains. However, part of them decided to ran to the sea and requested refuge from us. The Sea King pitied them and allowed them to thrive here. Afterwards, those Dragons married some Fishmen and eventually spawned the Sea Dragon Race.”





* * *





Chapter 615 – Curious Fishman Race

When the Queen heard Luo Luo, her expression couldn’t help but change, “So you’re saying that only after the war did the Sea Dragons came to existence? Did the Divine Race intended that in order to deal with us?”

Luo Luo shook her head and said, “You really can’t say that, after all, that was a long time ago. My speculations is that the Divine Race only got contact with the Sea Dragons recently, which prompted them to deal with us. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have waited for tens of thousands of years in order to revolt.”

The Queen nodded, “It would be impossible for the Sea Dragons to hold off on attacking us. However, we can still affirm that the Sea Dragons are a bunch of ungrateful bastards!”

Luo Luo also held anger in her expression. When she checked the records, she couldn’t help but get irritated the more she read on. These Sea Dragons were too shameless. The Mermaids had given them shelter but they still ended up rebelling.

Then the Queen coldly snorted and said, “Sea Dragon race, you just wait. Luo Luo, make sure that everything mister Zhao Hai needs gets fulfilled. Maybe he can change the flow of this war.”

Luo Luo nodded before turning around to leave. The Queen coldly snorted and then mumbled, “Sea Dragon Race, good, good. You actually think that you can rule the entire Ark Continent?”

When Zhao Hai and the others returned to their room, Laura looked at Zhao Hai in confusion and said, “Brother Hai, what just happened? Why did you suddenly became arrogant?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “In any business, expressing your power is the one of the most important things. Don’t forget that we had formed an alliance with the Mermaid clan. And since we are now allies, we need to see ourselves as equals. If we show our weakness, then they would lose confidence in us.” Then Zhao Hai opened the monitor and played the video of Luo Luo and the Queen’s meeting.

After listening to the Queen and Luo Luo, the face of Zhao Hai and the others couldn’t help but turn ugly. They didn’t think that the Sea Dragons would actually have such a history with the Fishmen. If they were indeed





a chess piece of the Divine Race, then the Divine Race was too terrifying.

Laura looked at the monitor before turning to Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, do you think that the Sea Dragons were intentionally placed there by the Divine Race?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t think so. If they were, then they wouldn’t have waited for so long. Then when the Radiant Church was its most formidable, they would’ve already cooperated and conquered the entire continent.”

Laura and the others nodded, then Zhao Hai sighed and said, “But no matter what, we must deal with the Sea Dragons. When the time comes, we can just interrogate the Sea Dragons, then we can uncover the truth.”

Laura and the others nodded again. Then Zhao Hai change the scene of the monitor, showing the preparations of the Fishmen.

At this time, the places nearby the small island had become very busy. People of the Whale tribe and the Swordfish tribe have been sent out to grab all of the wild magic beasts on the surrounding waters. Moreover, the Queen had also sent another command making all of the other Fishmen to go full scale in their capture of beasts and had all of them sent to the island.

Zhao Hai was very calm when he saw the strength of the Fishmen. In just one day, they had actually managed to have 100 thousand beasts sent to the island.

For them to only take one day to collect 100 thousand beasts and had them sent to the island was terrifying. There were already a lot of magic beasts that were captured. However, Zhao Hai didn’t appear, the Queen didn’t send word to him either.

The next morning, after having their breakfast, Lola arrived and invited Zhao Hao over to the Great Hall. Besides the Queen, Luo Luo was present as well. But Luo Luo looked just like an ordinary servant right now, with her head lowered in obedience. Besides Luo Luo, there were also a Turtle Fishman and Whale Fishman present.

Zhao Hai felt strange, how could this Whale Fishman able to appear in the Great Hall. With their bodies, it was impossible for them to go up using the stone pillars. They may have other ways to come in. Zhao Hao decided to





to ask Cai’er about this later.

Upon seeing Zhao Hai arrive, the Queen nodded and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, come. Let me introduce you to the captain of the island guards, the Whale Fishman Dashan and the guard commander, the Turtle Fishman Jintai.”

Zhao Hai looked at these two and identified them. The Whale was the one who escorted him to the island while the Turtle was the one who brought them up to the palace.

Zhao Hai bowed to the two and then said, “Nice to meet you. This Zhao Hai thanks the two of you for delivering me here.”

They also returned Zhao Hai’s courtesy, but didn’t dare to utter a word. Then they returned to stand by the Queen’s side. The Queen then turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, we’ve already collected 100 thousand magic beasts. Please have a look at them.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll be heading there now. Your Majesty, please allow this one to excuse himself first.”

The Queen nodded as she waved her hand and said, “Then I’ll have to trouble mister. Dashan, Jintai, make sure to take care of mister Zhao Hai’s every single need.” Then the two issued their agreement before giving the Queen a bow and then leaving the Hall along with Zhao Hai.

When they got out, the turtles were already prepared for them. Zhao Hai and the others then stepped on top of the turtles before they jumped down from the pool and then disappeared.

Zhao Hai didn’t have time to pay attention to anything right now. When the turtles entered the mounds, Zhao Hai felt that he was riding on a roller coaster. And the speed was much much more than back on Earth.

This was the first time that Laura and the others had experience this, so they couldn’t help but scream. But since they were already 9th rank experts, it only took them a while before they calmed down.

Back when they were heading up, Zhao Hai reckoned that they had taken about an hour. But now that they were going down, it only took them a few minutes to do so. In a blink of an eye, they were already on the sea’s surface.

Zhao Hai turned his head to look at Laura and the others. He wanted to





wanted to see if they were frightened. But when he saw their expressions, Zhao Hai felt relief. Although Laura and the others had been scared, their current expressions revealed their enjoyment.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly. He actually felt that women were strange beings, they were too full of contradictions. They liked delicious food, but they were also afraid to get fat. They think that roller coasters were scary, but only to end up enjoying the ride.

Zhao Hai shook his head as he forced a smile before he turned to Jintai and said, “Commander Jintai, please take me to see those magic beasts.”

Jintai turned his head and smiled faintly, “I’ll have to be unfair to mister Zhao Hai. I cannot stay in this place for too long because of my duties. However, Dashan will come here and lead you to the place.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Jintai and said, “Thank you commander. But Commander Jintai, how would be be able to enter and exit this place?”

Jintai smiled and said, “Mister doesn’t need to worry. The Queen herself sent word that Mister and your wives are free to move in the Mermaid territory. Nobody will restrict your freedom.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright. Then I’ll have to thank Her Majesty. My wives are very curious about this place. Even I am compelled to look around.”

Jintai smiled, “Then Mister is very welcome here. The Mermaid domain is very beautiful. Moreover, the Royal tribe is very hospitable. I believe that they would quickly become friends with your wives.” Then after he said this, a huge bulge suddenly appeared on the sea’s surface. Then Dashan’s mountainous figure suddenly appeared.

After Dashan appeared, he immediately gave Zhao Hai a bow and said, “Mister, please come with me. I’ll go lead you to see the magic beasts.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he rode on Dashan’s whale mount. When Laura and the others were about to board, Zhao Hai smiled to them and said, “You go play in the meantime. I won’t be long.”

When they heard Zhao Hai, the women couldn’t help but stare before their eyes suddenly lit up. “Can we really play? Good, Fantastic!”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned to Jintai and said, “Commander Jintai I will have to trouble you, I

trouble you, I will certainly come back soon.”

Jintai smiled faintly and said, “Mister can rest assured” Then Zhao Hai gave Jintai a bow before he turned to Dashan and said, “Captain Dashan, let’s go.” Dashan nodded, then he commanded his mount to move towards an island.

Soon after Zhao Hai left the Mermaid island, he had arrived at a nearby island where a large number of Fishmen were present. These Fishmen had brought a lot of magic beasts. These beasts were all alive, some of them were wild while some were struggling.

When Zhao Hai saw this scene, he couldn’t help but stare. He turned his head to Dashan and said, “Captain Dashan, dead beasts are fine. Even if they are alive, they would still end up dead in my hands. I need them to be dead before I can turn them to undead.”

When Dashan heard Zhao Hai, he nodded and then said, “Alright, mister, please wait a bit.” Then Dashan turned his head to the Fishmen and said, “Kill those magic beasts, and then you can leave.”

The Fishmen gawked, but they still obeyed. They pulled out all kinds of weapons and killed all of the magic beasts that they’ve brought.[1]

However, after killing these magic beasts, the Fishmen didn’t leave. Every one of them looked curiously at Zhao Hai. Seeing their appearances, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. Then he changed his thinking and understood what was going on. These Fishmen might be aware of what he was about to do. They haven’t seen a Dark Mage make undead before, therefore, they were curious to see what it looked like.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t say anything. He looked at the 100 thousand magic beasts piled in front of him. Moreover, since some of these magic beasts were quite big, the pile looked just like a hill. Zhao Hai pulled out his Blood Ghost Staff before he muttered some fake incantations. Then he waved his staff as a black gas appeared and surrounded the pile of Magic Beasts. The Fishmen looked at the mass of black gas as it enveloped the pile of beasts.

Before long, the black gas had vanished. But what the Fishmen saw after was something that made them scream out in alarm!

PETA would like to have a word.





* * *





Chapter 616 – Dangerous Character

The pile of dead magic beasts had now turned into a pile of bones. There was no blood nor flesh found, only bones were present.

This gave a very strong impact to those who were present. The Fishmen couldn’t help but feel a chill. And at this time, more shocking things happened, the pile of bones had started moving!

Under the gazes of the Fishmen, each bone of that pile started to move. The bones then started rolling into the sea before slowly forming up and lining themselves. The big ones were at the bottom while the small beasts were at the top.

Before long, a hundred thousand magic beasts had arrange themselves in a cube formation, filling the space of the surrounding sea. The Fishmen couldn’t help but retreat as their expression changed. They wanted to be as far from these undead as possible.

Seeing the Fishmen retreat, Zhao Hai moved slightly and with an intention, the Undead beasts suddenly vanished. The only ones left behind were two turtle type beasts.

Zhao Hai jumped on top of the undead turtle and then bowed to Dashan, “I thank captain Dashan. I shall be leaving first, I want to take a look at what my wives are doing. The captain doesn’t need to accompany me any longer.” The the turtle under Zhao Hai moved its four limbs as it slowly swam towards Mermaid island. But at this time, Dashan still hasn’t recovered.

Only when Zhao Hai was close to Mermaid Island did Dashan recover. His face couldn’t help but change as he turned his head to look at Zhao Hai. His eyes were full of dread, in his mind, Zhao Hai had become a very dangerous person. This fellow can actually carry hundreds of undead beasts with him. Such a person being in Mermaid Island was a very unsafe factor.

After thinking about this, Dashan immediately urged his mount as he followed along Zhao Hai towards Mermaid Island. While Zhao Hai was looking for his wives, Dashan went to look for Jintai. He thinks that monitoring Zhao Hai’s every move was imperative to their own safety.

Zhao Hai was not aware of what Dashan was thinking. He just stood on top of





his undead turtle as he looked around Mermaid Island. Mermaid Island was very large and was surrounded by numerous reefs. Some Mermaids playing on the reefs could also be seen from time to time.

While Zhao Hai was intrigued, the Mermaids were curious about Zhao Hai as well. Sensing their gazes, Zhao Hai did his best to not meet their sight. He didn’t know the customs here, so he might get into trouble if he did look them in the eye.

But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that he hasn’t seen an old Mermaid. All he had seen looked like young beautiful women. Even inside the palace, Zhao Hai couldn’t spot an old Mermaid while using the monitor.

Before long, Zhao Hai had finally found Laura and the others. They were currently sitting in a reef while chatting with some Mermaids. The group looked very jolly.

Meg had sharp eyes, so when she saw Zhao Hai, she immediately waved towards him. Zhao Hai directed the turtle to go forward before he looked at them and said, “You go and play some more. I’ll go and discuss some matters with Her Majesty. Right, I’ll also be leaving some turtles here to save Commander Jintai the trouble.” Then he withdrew some turtle type undead magic beasts. Then he nodded towards Laura and the others before heading back to the middle stone pillar.

When he reached the stone pillar, Zhao Hai had found that Dashan and Jintai were already there. When he went close, he discovered that their expression had changed.

Zhao Hao carefully looked into their eyes and found that there was a hint of fear on Dashan’s eyes. However, although there was still fear in Jintai’s eyes, there was also a hint of excitement mixed in as well.

Zhao Hai didn’t think too much about it. He came here to cooperate with the Mermaids and not to make enemies out of them. So as long as the Mermaids treat him as an ally, then Zhao Hai believed that they won’t attack him.

When Zhao Hai came forward, Jintai and Dashan immediately gave him a salute. Zhao Hai can feel that the greeting this time was more sincere than before..

Zhao Hai immediately returned the





the gesture before he turned to Jintai and said, “Commander, I’ve already given Laura and the others some turtles. You don’t need to send people to fetch them. Right, can I go see the Queen right now?”

Jintai nodded and said, “Come with me.” Then he used his mount as they swam against the stone pillar’s current. Zhao Hai gave Dashan a nod before following Jintai up.

When Dashan looked at Zhao Hai’s departing back, he couldn’t help but let out a long sigh. Ever since he saw Zhao Hai turn those magic beasts into undead, he had started to feel immense pressure when seeing Zhai Hai. But now that he had left, Dashan felt relief.

Dashan looked at the pillar and then said, “It seems like the Sea Dragons have terrifying bad luck.” Then he shook his head as he submerged into the water.

Zhao Hai, along with Jintai, had returned to the big pool. After reaching the shore, Zhao Hai immediately stored his undead magic beast into the Space. Then he gave Jintai a salute before heading towards the Great Hall.

But before Zhao Hai reached the Great Hall, Lola came to greet him. When Lola saw Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but gawk slightly. Then she immediately said, “Mister Zhao Hai, Her Majesty is already waiting for you inside.”

Zhao Hai nodded. Then Lola turned around and led Zhao Hai to walk towards the Great Hall. Upon arriving inside, Zhao Hai saw that Luo Luo was sitting right beside the Queen as if telling her something. The Queen was also listening as she nodded from time to time.

After Zhao Hai and Lola greeted the Queen, the Queen nodded and said, “I didn’t expect mister to come back so soon. Did mister’s summoning go smoothly?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Very smooth. Your Majesty doesn’t need to worry about it. I can go to the battlefield anytime you want. You should know that a Dark Mage’s power is at its peak on the battlefield.”

The Queen nodded and said, “I ask mister to wait for two days. In two days, the Whales, Swordfishes, and Turtles would send an army towards the frontlines. Mister can then go along with them.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then





said, “Then I’ll go with Your Majesty’s arrangement. If it’s possible, I’d like to ask Your Majesty to give me some information about the Sea Dragons and their army. Is that alright?”

The Queen nodded, “That’s not a problem. Mister can rest assured, those materials would get to you as soon as possible.”

Zhao Hai nodded and then bowed to the Queen, “Then this Zhao Hai would like to be excused. If there are more magic beasts, please send someone to inform me.”

The Queen nodded, “Alright, if Mister has something he wants, then don’t hesitate to send word.” Zhao Hai nodded, and then expressed his gratitude before bowing to the Queen and then leaving.

When Zhao Hai left, Luo Luo immediately turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, this Zhao Hai is too dangerous. He just waved and turned a hundred thousand magic beasts into undead. Moreover, he can actually store them somewhere. Such a person living in this place is very dangerous.”

The Queen smiled faintly and said, “No need to be worried about Zhao Hai. He is our ally, the stronger he is, the more advantages we’ll have. Rest assured, no bad thing will happen.”

Luo Luo replied, “Now that I saw what Dark Mages are, I can understand why the continent deemed them to be emissaries of evil. They are really frightening. In a blink of an eye, the hundred thousand magic beasts had turned into bone. It was too scary. I really don’t know how he got his wives. He didn’t just snatch them right?”

The Queen looked at Luo Luo and smiled, “Luo Luo, don’t judge a person by their outside appearance. The Radiant Church was incomparably sacred in the surface, but was actually the worst people. And although Mister Zhao Hai uses Dark Magic, he actually has not injured an innocent person. Luo Luo, remember this, strength doesn’t describe good or evil, it’s the person himself that decides to be good or evil. Understood?”

Luo Luo nodded, “I understand. Your Majesty, with the addition of Mister Zhao Hai, I’ve become much more confident in our chances to win this war. Also, Your Majesty, what did mister Zhao Hai mean when he said that a Dark Mage is most powerful in

most powerful in the battlefield?”

The Queen smiled and said, “What does the battlefield have the most? It’s dead people. A Dark Mage can turn those corpses into undead. Moreover, those undead can also lead the opposing party to lose morale. Think about it, you have comrades who you’ve shared happiness and fear together, then when those comrades dies, they suddenly stand up and start attacking you. At that time, would you have the guts to turn your weapons against your friends? Or will you turn around and flee?”

Upon hearing the Queen, Luo Luo’s face couldn’t help but get pale. Although she has not gone to the battlefield, she had participated in magic beast hunting groups. If what the Queen said happened to her, then she would collapse immediately! The scene described by the Queen had Luo Luo shivering in fear.

The Queen looked at Luo Luo and felt that she had scared her too much. So she patted Luo Luo’s shoulder and said, “It’s because of this that the Dark Mages have become the most powerful Mages before the arrival of the Radiant Church. But there were also Dark Mages that loved to slaughter civilians in order to turn them into undead. Such Dark Mages are meant to be destroyed.

Luo Luo nodded, then the Queen looked at Luo Luo and continued, “You don’t have to doubt Mister Zhao Hai’s morals as well. The status of each of his wives aren’t low.. Since you haven’t gone to the continent, they you didn’t know that the story of Mister Zhao Hai and his wives has spread to all Human nations. Mister Zhao Hai is a person who many people envy.”

Luo Luo looked at the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, is Mister Zhao Hai really famous in the continent? But he is a Dark Mage, does nobody fear him?”

The Queen shook her head and said, “Mister Zhao Hai’s reputation on the continent can only be considered to be normal. But when commoners mention his name, they couldn’t help but call him vicious and merciless. He had turned hundreds of thousands of Aksu Empire troops into undead in a single night. Hearing that, wouldn’t you also think that he was vicious and merciless?”





* * *





Chapter 617 – The Army Departs

When Luo Luo heard the Queen, her face couldn’t help but change, “Your Majesty, is that true? Did Mister Zhao Hai really turn hundreds of thousands of Aksu Empire soldiers into undead in one night? Then isn’t he a bad person? Why would the people on the continent only call him vicious and merciless?”

The Queen forced a smile and said, “People in the continent don’t differ to much with the Fishmen, they also respect strength. Mister Zhao Hai is strong, so nobody dared to offend him. Besides, mister Zhao Hai didn’t kill the Aksu Empire soldiers with no reason at all. The Aksu Empire had sent those soldiers to Mister Zhao Hai’s territory, claiming that they owned the land. Because of that, Mister Zhao Hai had no choice but be impolite.”

Luo Luo frowned and said, “Even so, mister Zhao Hai is too cold hearted. Why does he have to kill those hundreds of thousands of people?”

The Queen smiled bitterly and said, “If mister Zhao Hai didn’t kill them, then he wouldn’t have reached his current height. You should have heard mister Zhao Hai’s purpose in coming here. The entire Ark Continent’s future is at risk, he even went to the Northern Icefields personally in order to retrieve the Beastmen’s Beast God’s Spear. Such a person cannot be said to be cold hearted. He’s someone who would not forgive his enemies while also be the one who would shelter his allies. His ideals are that simple.”

When she heard the Queen, Luo Luo couldn’t help but nod. It was not only the others, their Mermaid clan respects strength as well. Protecting allies and suppressing enemies was a very simple ideology in this world. Even in the Fishmen this idea is found every day. It wasn’t anything strange.

The Queen gave a sigh and said, “In fact, the Sea Dragons were doing this as well. The Sharks and Electric Eels had become their close allies while they suppressed those who wouldn’t side with them. It was just unfortunate that we were too loose with our surveillance. We weren’t able to discover their ambitions in time.”

Luo Luo





also sighed, because their business dealings with the continent was short, their commodities had become scarce. Because of this, the Mermaids had decided to establish the Sea God’s Merchant Union and bought what they need from the Humans. Because the Mermaids were too focused on this matter, they were unable to see the moves done by the Sea Dragons. By the time they had found out, it was already too late.”

Because the Mermaids had concentrated on business, the Sea Dragons had used the opportunity to revolt, catching the Mermaids off guard. But it was fortunate that they now had a strong ally that was Zhao Hai. The Sea Dragons wouldn’t be living greatly this time.

The Queen turned to Luo Luo and said, “Luo Luo, in two days, Mister Zhao Hai will go along with the others to head towards the frontlines. You should go with them as well. Although mister Zhao Hai is strong, he is still unfamiliar with the Fishman Race. You must help him with this aspect. It would be best if we defeat the Sea Dragons in one fell swoop. But even if we cannot, at the very least, push them into a defensive position. Understand?”

Luo Luo nodded and said, “I understand, Your Majesty.”

The Queen nodded and said, “What are mister Zhao Hai’s wives doing now? Are they doing fine? Remember to make ties with those women. Mister Zhao Hai’s strength is formidable, and he is a famous merchant as well. It would be good for us to have a good relationship with him. Moreover, his wives also held great influence in the continent, don’t offend them.”

Luo Luo smiled and said, “Your Majesty, feel relieved. Mister Zhao Hai’s wives have been doing very well. They are very friendly and have also been very good friends with our sisters.”

The Queen smiled and then said, “Then that’s good. This matter might be our Fishman Race’s opportunity. If we can cooperate with Mister Zhao Hai, then perhaps we can openly do business with the Humans later on. After all, the Radiant Church’s influence had waned in the continent. Alright, go prepare yourself, Luo Luo. You still have to





to follow mister Zhao Hai in two days.” Luo Luo nodded and then bowed before turning around to leave.

Zhao Hai was currently inside the Space, looking at the monitor. The monitor had shown the conversation between the Queen and Luo Luo. The Queen’s words made Zhao Hai very surprised. He didn’t expect the Queen to have this much faith in him. But this was a good thing for Zhao Hai. Dealing with the Sea Dragons wasn’t a difficult matter. In fact, those hundred thousand marine beast undead were already enough to do it. After all, these undead are very high leveled.

After Luo Luo retreated, Zhao Hai changed the monitor to another place. Then, Zhao Hai sat quietly inside. This time, his trip to the Fishmen had brought him great profits. For the Mermaid Clan to be willing to be his allies was a good thing for Zhao Hai. At the same time, Zhao Hai had found out his assessment in the continent, Vicious and Ruthless!

“Vicious and Ruthless! Hehe, it seems like I embody those two words now.” Zhao Hai muttered in the living room.

Nothing happened for the rest of the day. However, there were still people who kept bringing all kinds of Magic Beasts to mermaid island. But this time, they had brought dead ones, not alive.

However, Zhao Hai was not very anxious in turning these into undead, at the same time, the Mermaids didn’t look for him. On the next day, Zhao Hai went down to turn those magic beasts into undead. Although there were still some Fishmen in the surroundings, their expressions weren’t curiosity anymore, but it was fear.

After staying for two days, the Fishman Army had finally been gathered. Although the Sea Dragons had 10 million troops, Zhao Hai was still shocked to see the reinforcements that was gathered by the Mermaid Clan. This was an army of no less than 2 million people!

Seeing these numbers made Zhao Hai numb. He became speechless about the population of the Fishmen. They had just casually recruited 2 million people. While a rebel can come up with hundreds upon thousands of troops.

Zhao Hai was somewhat happy. Fortunately, the Fishmen





the Fishmen wouldn’t be able to survive on land for too long. Otherwise, the entire Continent might have already been seized by them.

This time, the Queen personally delivered Zhao Hai outside Mermaid Island. This made the other Fishmen shocked, they didn’t expect the Queen to have this high respect for Zhao Hai.

In fact those people had misunderstood the Queen this time. In addition to sending Zhao Hai out, she also wanted to gave an address to the troops. The one who would lead the troops this time was Dashan.

Dashan was Mermaid Island’s Guard Captain. But since the situation of the frontlines had become urgent, and in addition to Dashan having prior contact with Zhao Hai, the Queen decided to just send Dashan along with this army in order to cooperate with Zhao Hai much smoother.

The vowing ceremony of the Fishmen was the same as the Humans. The Queen told a few encouraging words before assigning Dashan as the commander of the army. But at this time, Zhao Hai was now inside the body of a Blade Scale Whale.

This whale was the one from Zhao Hai’s Space. He had turned this Blade Scale Whale into an undead that was the same as Alien. It’s build had given them the opportunity to make it into rooms. And since the Blade Scale Whale was bigger than Alien, its room inside was very big as well. Zhao Hai had a living room, bedroom, as well as a bath installed inside.

Naturally, these things were only there as decoration. Zhao Hai would spend most of his time inside the Space.

The Blade Scale Whale was completely preserved. The layer of skin outside has been preserved as well. However, its skin had been turned transparent. One could clearly see the outside while being inside the whale.

Most importantly, there was no water that can come into the whale, so there weren’t any seawater inside. At the same time, Zhao Hai can also use magic in order to ensure that they have ample amounts of air to breathe inside.

At this time, Zhao Hai was inside the whale along with Laura and the others. There was only one outsider inside, and

outsider inside, and it was the person who the Queen had sent in order to help Zhao Hai, the little mermaid Luo Luo.

The mermaids didn’t have their own unique mounts. However, they had a peculiar ability that nobody had. They can turn any marine beast into their own mount. Naturally, there were also some Mermaids who decided to raise their own beasts as their mounts, but those instances were rare.

The Queen told Zhao Hai that Luo Luo would be there to help him be familiar with the various Fishman races. But she wouldn’t interfere with Zhao Hai’s fight.

Actually, there was no need for the Queen to tell him since he already knew about Luo Luo. But he didn’t say anything and just politely invited Luo Luo inside the blade scale whale. He also prepared a room filled with sea water inside.

The reinforcement army slowly went towards the frontline. Although they had passed through some small tribes, these people were all under the rule of the Mermaids. Some small tribes even dispatched their members to aid the reinforcement army.

At the same time, there were also some Fishman tribes who would bring over some marine beast corpses. Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t become polite as he made them into undead on the spot. There were also some beasts that the army had taken along the way, so they were also handed over to Zhao Hai.

Dashan had calculated that the amount of undead that Zhao Hai had made these days had now reached over five hundred thousand. Such quantity was astonishing, it was now a fourth the amount of the reinforcing army.

At this point, the shock and fear that Dashan held towards Zhao Hai had gradually turned numb. Even if Zhao Hai managed to turn all of the beasts in the ocean into undead, he wouldn’t be surprised anymore.

Although their number is huge, their advancement wasn’t slow. This was the sea, not the land, so the army doesn’t need to worry about terrain, grass, nor food. This was the ocean where there were too many kinds of low level magic beasts. These people cannot even finish eating their food, much less worry about it.





* * *





Chapter 618 – Defensive Line

It was already dark, and they were already deep in the sea and could only barely get some sunlight. However, there were still a lot of them to the point where many smaller Fishmen have been pushed near the surface, which made them the target for some aerial magic beasts. During their day trip they didn’t rest even for a bit, therefore, they needed to get some sleep in the evening.

Zhao Hai and the others were now inside the Blade Scale Whale’s living room. It had been a few days since they had gone out of Mermaid Island. However, they didn’t have much time for each other because Luo Luo was with them. And since Laura and the others had become close friends with her, they would oftentimes sleep with each other. Because of that, Zhao Hai had very small opportunities to talk with his wives.

Today, Luo Luo had finally rested on her own. So Zhao Hai and the others gained the opportunity to gather inside the Space. Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others’ expression, they seemed like they hadn’t had a good sleep for a while. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “What’s wrong? You haven’t been resting in the Space lately, didn’t have a good sleep?’

Laura smiled bitterly and said, “I really don’t know why, but Mermaids are very cold. It would be strange if one can sleep comfortably with them .”

Lizzy nodded as well and said, “But I still envy the Mermaids. Surprisingly, they cannot look old. No matter how high their age is, they would still look like they are 20 years old.”

This was the first time that Zhao Hai had heard of this matter. He couldn’t help but look at Lizzy and said, “Oh, is that it? No wonder I can’t see any old mermaids during our stay in Mermaid Island. Also, why aren’t there any men in their clan? How do they reproduce?’

When Megan heard Zhao Hai, her face couldn’t help but turn red, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “The Mermaids have a secret ability. After a certain age, as long as they eat a special fruit from mermaid island, they would get pregnant and bear a child. There is also another way,





once a Queen reaches 40 years old, she can use a special method to make an egg of which little mermaids would hatch from. But this method would harm the Queen’s vitality. Something that the fruit would not.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he muttered and said, “So it’s like that. No wonder I can’t see any men. Haha. So what have you been doing in Mermaid Island? Did you have fun? Also, did you manage to see the fruit?”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and couldn’t help but chuckle, “I already know which question you want answered. And yes, we did see it. The fruit only grows in Mermaid Island. The fruit is in the root itself, and it directly absorbs nutrients from the sea, it was very mysterious. We begged for half a day before they allowed us to get a section of the root. Cai’er has placed it in the warehouse.”

Zhao Hai replied, “Oh? I didn’t know about this. Cai’er, quickly show me the root.” Cai’er nodded and then took the root out.

After the root was taken out, a prompt immediately came from the Space, “Discovered a root that is full of vitality. The vitality of everything in the Space has been improved. If planted in the Space, the root’s vitality would get stronger and stronger. Space has levelled up to level 59. Looking forward to the Host’s further efforts.”

Zhao Hai stared before he became exhilarated with joy. He immediately had Cai’er pick a place to plant the root. In the end, the root was planted right beside the villa with Cai’er taking good care of it.

Megan and the others didn’t expect the root to upgrade the Space. After Zhao Hai planted the roots, he couldn’t help but turn to Laura and the others before laughing happily, “My wives, you really did great this time. Let this one give you a present. We’ll work hard in making the next generation!” Then he pulled Megan into the villa. Although Laura and the others were blushing, they still followed behind….

The army had travelled for 13 days by now, at this point, they were already in a place not too far away from the frontlines. They were currently preparing to take a rest so that they can reach the frontlines in one go.

Naturally,





go.

Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t object to this. He also wasn’t idling in these past few days. In addition to turning Magic Beasts into undead, Zhao Hai had also been learning how to lead an underwater army from Dashan.

In the war between Humans and the Beastmen, Zhao Hai had managed to learn how the Humans and the Beastmen lead their troops. However, the methods used by the Fishmen were different. First, while the Beastmen and Humans needed to worry about logistics, the Fishmen did not, so Zhao Hai didn’t need to worry about that aspect anymore. And another was the fact that Fishmen Army can move in three dimensions while the Humans and Beastmen can only use the flat land. Leading and fighting in this three dimensional battlefield was a completely different world to Zhao Hai.

A Human and Beastman Race army’s advance was divided into the Vanguard, the Center Army, and the Rear Guard. Those three were the most common formation for any army in the continent. But the Fishmen had a different approach, compared to the continent, the formations of the Fishmen were much more complicated. If the continent’s army can be seen as three blocks, a Fishman army would be just like a Rubik’s Cube. Each face of the cube would have 9 armies while the most important officials of the army would be at the core of the cube.

This way of leading an army made Zhao Hai’s eyes blank. This kind can of formation can not only attack, it can also defend properly while at the same time, leaving enough room for retreat. There were a lot of possibilities with such a formation, it was really an eye-opener.

This arrangement of the Fishmen was naturally much more difficult to manage compared to Human armies. It was great that they didn’t need to worry about logistics. Otherwise, Zhao Hai reckoned that even those Fishman generals would have trouble in going to war.

Dashan is the captain of the Mermaid clan’s guards, so his ability was certainly not average. Although this army comprised of 2 million people, Dashan still managed to easily take command. Looking at him made Zhao Hai learn a lot.

In order to learn how Dashan was leading the army, Zhao Hai stayed close to him these past few days. He even





He even had Cai’er record his movements. Before Zhao Hai went to take a rest at night, he would repeatedly look and review Dashan’s way of leading his troops.

Laura and the others had become curious as well, so they also joined Zhao Hai’s research. In the end, Zhao Hai had found out that he had no talent in leading an army. If he were to be a commander, he can only be a vice or someone who managed a small division. If they really had him lead, who knows what would happen?

What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that Lizzy and Megan seemed to have talent in leading armies. If they were to lead an army, they would surely find it quite easy.

As for Laura, she was already a mighty force in commerce, so her skills in commanding an army was only on par with Zhao Hai. The two almost had the same talent.

Seeing this situation, Zhao Hai decided to stop studying and just had Megan and Lizzy learn it instead. In any case, they had nothing else to do. Generally, they would go and help Laura in managing the Buda Clan’s matters. But in fact, Laura alone was enough to do all those things. But it was good that they now had something else to do, this made them much happier with this development than Zhao Hai.

However, they still couldn’t be considered genuine commanders at this point. After all, the things that they had learned this time were only about Battle Formations. They still had very few knowledge about the battlefield itself.

Zhao Hai wasn’t under anyone’s command, so as soon as the battle against the Sea Dragons start, they would have a chance to lead an army. This would give the two some experience in combat.

The next morning, Zhao Hai and the others hurried on towards the frontlines. Zhao Hai also asked Luo Luo about the current situation there.

The frontline was in a very special terrain, on its left side was a trench. This trench was called the death pit by the Fishmen because of the cold undercurrent present in its deeper parts. This undercurrent was invisible, and it doesn’t matter if it’s a beast or Fishman, once they get in contact with this undercurrent, they would immediately be frozen to death.

frozen to death. And after getting washed away, they would immediately shatter into pieces. Most importantly, this place was also the domain of the devil octopuses.

The devil octopuses were top level magic beasts of the sea. Every grown devil octopus possessed nearly 9th rank strength. And they were the only beings that were able to survive in the trench. Fortunately, devil octopuses rarely went out of their territory. But even so, this area was still labelled as forbidden by the Fishman population.

On the right side of the frontline was also another restricted area, the Soul Sucking Reef! This reef was densely covered in corals. All of those who went inside it had never managed to come out. The Fishmen had already sent people to examine the place. They didn’t go too deep, but they understood that the situation inside was indeed very alarming.

In Soul Sucking Reef, as long as someone goes in, they would immediately lose all sense of direction. They would find themselves to be walking around in circles. This kind of trap works in all directions, not just in two dimensions. Additionally, there were also poisonous magic beasts inside. The threat that those magic beasts posed weren’t something to be scoffed at either. Once you are poisoned, you won’t be spared.

Because of these two places, the Mermaid Clan had decided to place their defensive line here. This place was the most appropriate place to establish their defense. The ocean was just too big, and since the Fishmen didn’t build any cities, it would be nearly impossible just to find a place to bunker up.

While depending on the terrain, the Mermaid Clan managed to establish a defensive line of about a thousand li(500km). Although the present army only comprised of 6 million troops, they were still able to block the attacks of the Sea Dragons for more than a month.

Zhao Hai’s army was only the first batch of reinforcements. There would still be a second and third batch that would be coming in the next few days. After those armies arrive, the true battle would start.

However, since Zhao Hai had joined, everything had suddenly changed. In the past few days, Zhao Hai had already amassed over 1 million marine undead beasts. Additionally, he can also turn any corpse into undead at any time.





* * *





Chapter 619 – Azure Dragon Battle Snail

When Zhao Hai arrived at the frontline, he was stunned. He wasn’t expecting the frontline to be like this.

The way the Fishmen set-up their defensive line was completely different from the Humans. A Human’s defensive line would have to be a castle or some kind of wall or so on. But the Fishmen’s defensive line was a completely different thing. There were no structures present whatsoever. The place can only be described as extremely clean. It was a place that was unusually clean for a place where slaughter would happen constantly.

Zhao Hai looked around and sure enough, he couldn’t see an army on the left and right sides of the defensive line. Only in the middle, about a thousand miles away, was an army of Fishmen. They didn’t have any camps and were just arranged in a square matrix pattern. These squares would comprise of people of the same tribe. There were nearly a thousand squares in this area.

These squares were all three dimensional. Some were close to the surface while some were close to the bottom of the sea. There were cubes all around, it would make someone stare for a long time.

After Zhao Hai and the others arrived, they didn’t immediately join the defense army. Instead, they stopped at a distance before the defensive line. Zhao Hai knew that this was due to Dashan. If they joined the defense army, they might disrupt their present formation. And breaking a defensive formation was not something to joke about.

After the reinforcing army stopped, Dashan went towards Zhao Hai’s Blade Scale Whale. Zhao Hai was now aware of the benefits of being a Dark Mage. It was the fact that nobody dared to bother you. The more than 2 million troops, from the beginning until now, had stayed far away from Zhao Hai’s Blade Scale Whale. One could even clearly see that they would take an effort to circumvent the Blade Scale Whale whenever the fishmen passed by it.

Regarding this situation, Zhao Hai can only bitterly smile. There was no other way around this. The ways of a Dark Mage were really strange, too strange that it would inflict fear on those around them.

Seeing Dashan approaching him, Zhao Hai immediately went towards the mouth of the whale. When he reached the





mouth, Zhao Hai used water magic to keep the water from coming in before he had the whale open its mouth.

After some time, Dashan had finally arrived and saw that Zhao Hai was already standing there. He immediately gave Zhao Hai a bow and said, “I’ve seen mister Zhao Hai. I ask mister Zhao Hai to join me in meeting General Luo Ying.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, please take the lead, Captain.” Dashan nodded and then turned his mount towards a large fishman formation.

Zhao Hai commanded the Blade Scale Whale to follow Dashan. There were nobody else beside Dashan, he was completely alone. Zhao Hai did the same as well, he only had the Blade Scale Whale appear while collecting all other undead. He didn’t want a large group of undead to unnecessarily swim all around the place.

Before long, the two of them entered the large formation. Upon entering, Zhao Hai had come across some Fishmen that he hasn’t seen before. And all of them had eyes curiously looking at Zhao Hai while Zhao Hai also looked at them curiously.

It didn’t take a long time before they reached the core of the entire formation. Most importantly, the core of the formation was also the place where the commander of the army was. While Zhao Hai was still far away, his gaze couldn’t help but freeze. In the middle of this large formation was something that made him gawk, it was very enormous conch!

The conch was very enormous, it was nearly 100 meters high, even city walls can only be 30 meters high. This conch was azure, And the patterns on its body looked just like a coiling dragon.

Upon seeing this conch, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. This was because he knew what which being this conch belonged to. It was from the extremely famous Azure Dragon Snail!

Azure Dragon Snails weren’t only famous among the Fishmen, even the Humans were in awe of such a being. This snail had two points of importance, first was its defensive capability, and the other was its very formidable support Water Magic.

This Azure Dragon Snail doesn’t grow up easily either. It would grow by about 1 meter every ten years. For such an Azure Dragon Snail to reach this big, it should have been living for more than a millenium.





millenium. If one places this in the continent, it would undoubtedly become an extremely priceless treasure. Even the Fishmen would see this Snail’s value as immeasurable.

Laura and the others were at Zhao Hai’s side, looking dumbfoundedly on this incomparably huge Azure Dragon Snail. They didn’t think that there would be an Azure Dragon Snail this big. One must know that even a young Azure Dragon Snail would be able to block a 9th rank experts attach, showing how strong their defensive capabilities were. And as long as you have an Azure Dragon Snail, your Water Magics would be improved by 300%. Naturally, this support magic was something extremely terrifying in battle.

Even more so with this thousand year old Azure Dragon Snail, its abilities should be endless at this point. This snail could maybe even resist the attacks of several 9th rank experts for quite a long time.

This Azure Dragon Snail was itself a 9th rank magic beast. But for this magic beast, its courage was extremely small. Even a hundred year old 9th rank Azure Dragon Snail would still be afraid of any 8th rank magic beast.

The food of Azure Dragon Snails were also very special. They can only eat one type of seaweed and it was a type of seaweed that was very scarce. Because of this, the population of Azure Dragon Snails was extremely small. In the entire ocean, there might only be one or two more Azure Dragon Snails of this size.

Luo Luo looked at their expressions and couldn’t help but feel a sense of pride, with a proud voice she said, “This is our Mermaid clan’s special Battle Snail. After generations of refining, this Azure Dragon Snail can block and counter the attacks of six 9th rank experts. For out counter attack against the Sea Dragons, Her Majesty has allowed General Luo Ying to use this Azure Dragon Snail.”

It was at this point that Zhao Hai and the others had recovered, the group couldn’t help but inhale cold air. This Azure Dragon Snail was unexpectedly very formidable, they didn’t expect it to be able to withstand the attacks of six 9th rank experts. One must know that it can’t only block, it can retaliate as well. This meant that the power of this snail was more or less equivalent to six 9th rank experts.





rank experts. It was really astonishing.

Most importantly, Luo Luo had mentioned something peculiar. The snail was actually refined by the Mermaids for generations. Does this mean that this Azure Dragon Snail was a product of refining? This information alone is worth the shock.

Fishmen lived their whole lives underwater, this meant that they had close to zero chances of using fire. But it was general knowledge that refinement involved fire of some sort. How could the Mermaid clan use fire to refine this Azure Dragon Snail? This was inconceivable.

After seeing the reactions of Zhao Hai and the others, Luo Luo couldn’t help but chuckle as she added, “Is mister surprised by the fact that our Mermaid clan was able to do refining? In fact, this was largely due to a great Queen from 3000 years ago. This Queen was a 9th rank expert herself, but she was much more interested in crafting. After years of experimentation, she finally invented a way to refine using water. It was a way of refining that uses fire, not water, in order to process the materials. This refining process was very effective as well. Our Mermaid clan’s goods might not be as good as the Dwarves, but we can claim that we aren’t much worse than those made by the Human Race.”

Zhao Hai and the others stared at Luo Luo, this was the first time that they had heard of such a thing. Can someone really use water to refine? That is incredible!

At the same time, Zhao Hai had developed full respect towards that great Queen. Zhao Hai knew that water refinement was completely different from using fire to refine. For that Great Queen to invent this method was a very great feat. If the continent was to learn this, the whole refining theory would be completely turned upside down.

Luo Luo looked at Zhao Hai and said, “We Fishmen can also find some metals underwater. Additionally, there are also beast bones as well as precious stones and special seaweeds. These things can all be refined into weapons of other things. The trident that Dashan uses was made from refining beast bones and precious stones. Not only is its hardness on par with metals, it is also quite tough. Most importantly, it also couldn’t be corroded easily. Those kinds of weapons are the most suitable

the most suitable for the Fishmen.”



Zhao Hai nodded, then he couldn’t bear but sigh, “That Great Queen was really talented. Only a genius could come up with such a method.”

Luo Luo proudly nodded, but her expression turned gloomy as she said, “However, this water refining also has a lot of limitations. It’s output is quite limited since not all Fishman can use it. The ones who could use this method are only those who belong to my Mermaid Race. Because of that, the amount of people we had given good weapons only number in the few.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he thought that it was reasonable. If this water refining method had no limitations, then the strength of the whole Fishmen Race would certainly increase explosively. The sea was a whole mass of water. If all the Fishmen were to use this Water Refining method, then wouldn’t he ocean become a huge weapon processing factory?

Luo Luo then said, “Millenniums ago, our Mermaid Clan has obtained this Azure Dragon Snail. At that time, the Snail was already dead, only leaving this huge conch behind. After we brought the conch to Mermaid Island, the Queen immediately refined it along with numerous other Mermaids. And after refining this conch for several hundred years, it became like this. At this point, the strength of this Azure Dragon Snail had reached great heights.”

Zhao Hai sighed once again, he was truly amazed this time. Although the Buda Clan had become very strong, it still lacked so much history compared to thousand year old forces. This history had truly shown its might at this moment.

The Mermaid clan was able to make this powerful conch largely due to their hundreds of years of refining. This was something that the Buda Clan would never have, they didn’t have such a deep history.

At this time, Zhao Hai and Dashan were not in front of the battle snail. When they were close, they could see how extraordinary this snail was. The draconic image on the snail seems to be able to fly into the skies at any time. And if one looks closely, one would find that there was some metallic sheen to it. This showed how hard it was.

When Zhao Hai’s group got close to the snail, several Mermaids swam out of it and blocked them from proceeding.





* * *





Chapter 620 – Cone Attack

When Zhao Hai saw the Mermaids, he couldn’t help but stare. The Mermaids that he saw before were either wearing shells or a long seaweed gown. He wasn’t able to see them wearing any other clothing. Laura and the others also asked the Mermaids about the reason why they don’t wear much clothing. The reason was because not wearing anything made them feel the water element much easier. For their cultivation, this was something very good.

But these Mermaids that just came out of the Azure Dragon Snail wore something that Zhao Hai had not seen before. They were all on full body armor, they also had a Magic Staff on their hands.

The armor of these Mermaids seem to be made out of shells and bones of magic beasts. It was dark blue and looked very beautiful. It also had a helmet that made the originally sweet and pretty Mermaids look very heroic.

The Magic Staff on their hands looked very special as well, it was probably made out of crystals. It was a translucent carving that glittered from time to time. At the same time, it also looked quite tough, it might be even possible to use it as a weapon.

Zhao Hai looked at these Mermaids and couldn’t help but smile bitterly. These Mermaids are really unique. Not only are they born with an innate affinity for water, they are also innately Water Mages. Moreover, they can also control marine beasts while also having very strong physical strength that was enough to be a threat. They were almost perfect beings.

After the Mermaids blocked Zhao Hai’s group, they inspected them first before they gave the two a bow and said, “The General is already waiting for Captain Dashan and Mister Zhao Hai. Please follow us.”

Zhao Hai and Dashan nodded, and then swam towards the Azure Dragon Snail. The space inside the snail was not small, however, Zhao Hai and Dashan’s mounts weren’t allowed to enter. It seems like it would be difficult for them to make a turn inside.

Zhao Hai turned to Luo Luo and the others and then said, “The space here is not so big, so I need to collect the Blade Scale Whale. Luo Luo, you can swim by





yourself. You guys, come with me.”

Laura and the others nodded and then gathered to Zhao Hai’s side. Then Zhao Hai wielded his staff as a giant bubble surrounded them. After that, Zhao Hai collected the Blade Scale Whale.

Now that the Blade Scale Whale has been collected, the space inside the snail had gotten much bigger. Luo Luo swam towards the other Mermaids and gave them a salute before calling them sisters. The warrior Mermaids also returned Luo Luo’s gesture, none of them looked down on her.

Dashan also dismounted from his whale. After that, the group went towards the Azure Dragon Snail and then entered it. After a while, they came into a hall which was made out of animal bones and aquatic plants. The floor as well as some chairs and tables were made out of either bone or wood. All of it was arranged to look like a warrior’s hall.

But what made Zhao Hai surprised was the fact that there wasn’t a drop of water in this hall. On the innermost part of the hall was a couch, the couch looked like a small bed. And a Mermaid warrior was lying on this couch.

When Zhao Hai’s group entered the hall, Dashan and Luo Luo simultaneously bowed towards the Mermaid warrior, “This one has seen General Luo Ying.”

Luo Ying looked up to Luo Luo and the others before nodding. Zhao Hai also led Laura and the others and said, “Zhao Hai has seen General Luo Ying”

Luo Ying stood up and then returned Zhao Hai’s gesture, “Luo Ying has seen Mister Zhao Hai. Our Mermaid clan is deeply grateful for Mister Zhao Hai’s assistance.” Her voice sounded somewhat chilly. Although she had the same attractive features as the other mermaids, she seems quite different. The Queen had an aura of elegance and maturity, Luo Luo gave out an aura of energy, like a beauty under sunlight. But this General appeared somewhat chilly, she was like a beauty that also held a martial aura.

After exchanging greetings, Luo Ying asked Zhao Hai and the others to sit down. Then Luo Ying turned to Dashan and said, “You came just in time. The Sea Dragons have been increasing the intensity of their attacks these past few days. Moreover, they





they seemed to have a lot of experts that were helping them, causing us heavy losses. At this moment, the defense army has been reduced to four million troops. It’s fortunate that you came in order to supplement the losses.”

Dashan became shocked, “The Sea Dragons had help? Who?”

Luo Ying shook her head, then her brows wrinkled as she said, “I don’t know yet. But they don’t seem to be Fishmen. They have been using Dragon Beads in order to repel water.”

Zhao Hai looked puzzled at Luo Ying and said, “General, can you tell me what these water repelling Dragon Beads are? I’m quite curious about them.”

Luo Ying wasn’t planning on hiding anything from Zhao Hai. So she nodded and then pointed to two gems in front her her and said, “These are Dragon Beads. They are something made from the eyes of Sea Dragons. No matter how deep you are, once you have one of these in your body, a shield would surround you. This would repel the surrounding water while at the same time, allowing you to breath naturally. But since Sea Dragons get buried as soon as they die, these Dragon Beads weren’t very common.”

Zhao Hai turned his attention towards the two blue beads. These beads don’t look like eyes. They were as big as one’s fist and looked just like two ordinary gems.

Luo Ying looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and said, “After Sea Dragons die, their eyes would slowly contract before turning into this appearance. These Dragon Beads have been used by the Sea Dragon’s helpers in order to give up huge losses. All of them were very strong moreover, there seems to be a lot of them. I suspect that after Sea Dragons die, their kinsmen would get their beads to use in times like these.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Luo Ying and said, “General, why haven’t they attacked today?”

Luo Ying shook her head and said, “They’ve already attacked once but then drew back. I believe they would attack again soon.” Then after she said that, a rumbling sound was then heard from outside.

Luo Ying’s face changed as she said, “They’re attacking!” Then she waved her hand as a water curtain appeared on the hall. The water curtain rippled before





rippled before it showed the situation outside. But compared to Zhao Hai’s monitor, the curtain was somewhat unclear, it was quite blurry.

However, this was still enough to surprise Zhao Hai and the others. This was the first time that they had seen someone else use a kind of magic that was similar to the monitor. If they knew about this magic before, they might already have a reason to use the monitor outside.

Although they have been surprised, Zhao Hai still kept his focus on the image that was on the curtain. They were attracted to the the fight that was about to happen.

They saw an army approaching from the opposite side. But the formation of this army was very strange. It looked like a huge cone and was constantly rotating. The tip of this cone was a big Fishman. The person had white skin and was about 5 meters tall. He had a large bone spear on his hand while having two large fins on his side and a large one behind him. He had a big bald head and was opening his mouth, revealing a row of sharp teeth. He looked like a terrifying monster that would inflict fear on anyone.

At this time, Luo Ying opened her mouth and said, “They’re using the cone formation this time. The one top the lead is a shark, a famous warrior named Sha Meng. Although this person is only 8th rank, his innate talent in weapons is terrifying. Moreover, he has a strong resistance towards magic. He is very difficult to deal with. In the ten times that they had attacked, 6 of them has him in the lead.”

Then Zhao Hai saw that the defenders have also changed. Their formation had become similar to a swirling vortex. The center of the vortex was facing the tip of the cone. Once the cone stabbed into the vortex, the whole thing immediately released blood. The surrounding seas have been turned red.

At this moment, Dashan stood up, he bowed to Luo Ying and said, “General, let me join the fight. That Sha Meng has been quite fierce!” Dashan was also a famous warrior among the Whales. The Whales have always been stronger than the Sharks. So when he saw how that Sha

how that Sha Meng was being fierce, Dashan couldn’t help but get the itch to fight.

But Luo Ying shook her head and said, “Don’t worry, someone would be able to repel Sha Meng. You just arrived, so you needed rest. This time is just a probing attack, in a while, they would retreat.”

Dashan sat down, but his eyes still showed his stubbornness as he stared at the water curtain. Although the image on the water curtain was clouded by blood, Dashan still kept staring, as though Sha Meng might come out of it any second.

Sure enough, just as Luo Ying said, this was just a probing attack. Before long, the opposite party had started to draw back, with the rear guard personally led by Sha Meng. After the confrontation, Sha Meng didn’t look tired, in fact, he even had the look of excitement.

Seeing the opposite side retreat, Luo Ying took down the water curtain before she turned to Zhao Hai and Dashan before saying, “This attack happens every day for several times. Since this time is only a probe, the next one would be more violent.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “General, can I head out first while it is still convenient to refine those corpses?”

When Luo Ying heard this, she couldn’t help but look deeply at Zhao Hai. Then she nodded and said, “Alright, let’s go.” After that, she took the lead as she stood up and went out.

Upon exiting the Azure Dragon Snail, Zhao Hai immediately summoned his Blade Scale Whale. He tried to invite Luo Ying inside the whale but she snorted before she called a huge seahorse over from the snail. When the seahorse came over, Luo Ying immediately rode it and had it slowly swim towards Zhao Hai’s whale. At the same time, Dashan also rode his mount and went to the other side of Zhao Hai’s whale.

The other Mermaid warriors also called their mounts over and followed behind Luo Ying. Their mounts were also seahorses, and they were all well trained. These seahorses were green and had occasional blue spots on their bodies, their height exceeded five meters. Contrary to what Zhao Hai expected, these seahorses didn’t hop around. They moved stably when they move forward, moreover, they were also quite fast.





* * *





Chapter 621 – Messenger Fish

Zhao Hai doesn’t know that this seahorse wasn’t an ordinary seahorse, nor was it just an oversized version of it. This seahorse was actually a variant beast.

Whether it be on the Ark Continent or the Sea, magic beasts were always present. And some of these beasts were likely to become different from their own race, people call them variant beasts.

Magic beasts were generally wild beasts that would be able to use magic. But variant beasts were those beasts that had their own Divergent Ability. These two things were different, and naturally, their strengths varied.

Magic beasts would discharge magic through the magic crystal inside their bodies, therefore, they were called magic beasts. But variant beasts are different, they can still use magic, but at the same time, they can also use their Divergent Ability. Divergent abilities, compared to magic was much more formidable. Because of this, one would rather provoke an advanced magic beast rather than a variant beast.

These seahorses that Luo Ying and the others rode on were variant beasts!

They might look like giant fishes and were slow. But in fact, they were experts in water magic while at the same time, being an ice-type variant beast.

Variant beasts were certainly magic beasts, but magic beasts aren’t necessarily variant beasts. This was something that everyone knew. And Luo Ying’s mount were these variant beasts. They were very famous in the entire sea, their name was Ice Seahorse.

Although the name ice seahorse seemed very ordinary, the ‘ice’ part of it held gerat significance. In addition to their ability to do water magic, these seahorses also had an Ice Divergent Ability.

Whether it be offense or defense, the water element has always been inferior to the ice element. And this ice seahorse was a variant beast that can use both. Although their water magics weren’t strong, once they use it, their speeds would be greatly improved to the point that most magic beasts wouldn’t be able to catch up to them. And on the other hand, their Ice element ability was on of a kind, it was the Ice Cone Spell!

Their water magic would act





behind their bodies and act as their propeller, making their movements much faster. In addition to that, their ice cone spell would make an ice spear appear in front of them. Not only are they fast, their attacking prowess was also very strong. This gave the ice horses the nickname fiery ice cone beasts.

The name fiery ice cone beast didn’t mean that they can also use fire element magic. This just meant that whenever these seahorses use their maximum speed, it would seem like they were blazing their way through everything. These kinds of beasts would give any Fishman a headache.

Zhao Hai curiously looked at these huge ice seahorses. But he didn’t say anything as the blade scale whale headed towards the battlefield along with Dashan and Luo Ying’s group.

Before long, the group arrived at the battlefield. At the moment, there were a lot of floating corpses present, but these Fishmen didn’t do anything about them. One must know that water always flows, and it wouldn’t take a long time before these corpses would get swept away by the sea current. This was also why Zhao Hai chose to come at this time, he didn’t want to miss the chance of acquiring these corpses.

The Fishmen didn’t have the custom of burying their dead underground. On the contrary, their burials would most likely involve the sea itself. That meant that when a Fishman dies, their kin would use a large shell as a coffin and then just let the shell go and have it slowly drift away. But if they couldn’t find a big shell, they would just place the corpse out there and wait for it to be taken away by the current.

This didn’t mean that the Fishmen were disrespectful to the dead. In fact, it was the direct opposite. The Fishmen highly respected the dead, they just think that since they lived their lives at sea, then after they die, they must return to the sea once again. It was because of this philosophy that they used this way to bury their dead.

These Fishmen also knew that once they let their kinsmen go and drift





drift away, they would certainly become food for the magic beasts. But they still allowed it because they believed that the magic beasts of the sea were beings that were given to them by the Sea God and thus, were part of the sea.

On the battlefield, the Fishmen were doing the same thing. In their view, dying in this battle was akin to being buried at the sea. So there was no need to collect the dead corpses.

Zhao Hai gazed at the floating corpses. Although the contact between the two sides wasn’t long, the casualties couldn’t be described as small. In that short skirmish, there were already about a thousand dead people.

Zhao Hai turned to Luo Ying and said, “General, the bodies of your soldiers, can I use them?”

Luo Ying looked at Zhao Hai and nodded, “Mister, if those soldiers that died knew that they had given us help and had reduced further deaths, then they would certainly be able to rest in peace.”

Zhao Hai looked deeply into Luo Ying. He discovered that Luo Ying was really a qualified general. She was a commander that had a soldier’s heart, only such a person was qualified to be a good general. Only such a person could make soldiers and officers sacrifice their own lives for the greater purpose.

Then Zhao Hai turned his head back to the corpses and waved his hand. A black gas surrounded those corpses before vanishing along with the dead bodies.

Zhao Hai thought that these Fishmen wouldn’t want to see undead at this time. He knew what expressions these Fishmen would give after seeing one. If he made these Fishmen see a pile of skeletons, then their morale would certainly suffer a huge hit. And at this point in the war, morale was extremely critical.

When Luo Ying saw that the corpses vanished, she looked at Zhao Hai, confused. Zhao Hai turned to Luo Ying and then smiled, “General, no need to worry. I have already stored the undead. I’m afraid that revealing those undead at this time will have a huge toll to the troops’ morale.”

When she heard Zhao Hai, Luo Ying couldn’t help but





help but nod. She was somewhat amazed at Zhao Hai. She didn’t expect that he would have such a consideration at this time.

Then Zhao Hai looked at the Fishmen and said, “General, if the enemy is coming back, then I might as well stay here. What do you think?”

Luo Ying gawked, she didn’t expect Zhao Hai to take the initiative and volunteer himself for combat. But she still shook her head and said, “Mister doesn’t need to worry. Wars will always be like this everyday, the enemy just wants to grind our numbers down. I want mister to observe for two days while collecting more undead. After that, we can defeat the other party in one fell swoop.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll listen to the general’s arrangement. If general has any need for me, then don’t hesitate to tell me.”

Luo Ying nodded, then he led Zhao Hai and the others back to the Azure Dragon Snail. After arriving inside the snail, Luo Ying immediately called her officers over as they began to disperse Dashan’s reinforcing army into different divisions.

Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to return to the blade scale whale and then go to the Space. But when he saw that Lizzy and Megan were intently looking at how Luo Ying was managing things, he decided to stay.

Before long, the army that Zhao Hai came with was already dispersed to various groups. At the same time, Luo Ying also gave a command to be in full defensive mode. She thought that since the other part already had attacked for a few times, then it was time for them to launch a huge attack. So it was better for them to be prepared.

Zhao Hai carefully observed how Luo Ying divided the troops. He had discovered that although the army was arranged in a cubic matrix, each cube was also comprised of four smaller cubes. One of these smaller cubes had Turtle Fishmen or other defensive Fishmen in them. Another small cube was comprised of long ranged offensive Fishmen, some of them had long reaching attacks while some were those who were able to use

able to use long ranged magic. Another small cube was composed of melee attackers, mostly comprised of physically gifted Fishmen. On the last square were the support troops. The role of these troops were to support the other Fishmen while at the same time be the ones to have contact with the central command.

These four small cubes comprised the bigger formations. Some bigger formations were even part of a much bigger formation. This was the composition of their unit. Moreover, this method can allow them to be flexible to whichever command that was given to them.

Another thing that surprised Zhao Hai was their handy way of communicating. In order to relay orders, the Fishmen were using these small messenger fish.

These messenger fishes were very special beings of the sea. Their bodies weren’t big, in fact, they were quite small. However, their swimming speed was very quick. Moreover, they can also be easily trained. Most importantly, these fishes were able to transmit information to each other. Even if two fishes were far away, they can still send forth a special signal towards one another.

The Fishmen uses this ability of the messenger fish to send message towards one another. Their messages were in code as well, and were made so that the message would be received at the shortest amount of time and at the safest way. If one doesn’t know the secret code, then even if one has a messenger fish, then they still wouldn’t know what the other party was saying.

Upon knowing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think about his time back on earth, when he was watching a movie on the television. Both sides of the line were using telegraphs, which was naturally a more primitive version of the mobile phone or even the telephone. But in the Ark Continent, this discovery was still a very huge thing.

Zhao Hai became very interested in this fish, so he expressed his want for one of them to Luo Ying. He immediately sent one to the Space so that they can multiply. Although it didn’t upgrade the Space, its ability improved Zhao Hai’s way of communicating with the Space.





* * *





Chapter 622 – Mobile Phone? Telephone?

The Space’s ability to communicate had always been a problem. Only Zhao Hai had the ability to conveniently use it. If Laura and the others left the Space, then Zhao Hai can only find them before appearing in their midst. Or he could have Cai’er tell them what was going on. But Cai’er was only one entity, making multiple communications quite inconvenient.

Now that he had the messenger fish, everything became different. When the messenger entered the space, it was immediately strengthened and improved. And since the Space came from Earth, the messenger fish’s communication has been upgraded, it can now talk!

Naturally, this didn’t mean that the fish itself was able to converse. This meant that the fish can now convey spoken word. Zhao Hai can now speak towards the messenger fish and then had the message transmitted through the Space and then to another Space produced messenger fish on someone else’s hand.

When Zhao Hai heard of this new function, he couldn’t help but get stunned. So the Space would essentially function like a satellite while the messenger fishes would act as mobile phones.

Although messenger fishes cannot leave water, which was their weak point, this wasn’t an issue for Zhao Hai and the others. He can have space bags that contained bottles in them. Once the fishes were placed on the bottles, then they can be stored inside the space bags.

These messenger fish weren’t large, and their appearance were also beautiful, so they can pass off as ornamental fishes. Even if it wasn’t placed in a space bag, it would still function like a landline when placed at someone’s office.

It wasn’t only Zhao Hai who was pleasantly surprised at this new discovery. Laura and the others were also extremely stunned. They immediately had Cai’er mass produce these messenger fishes inside the Space, then had them sent over to Kun, Green, and the others. In the future, communicating with everyone would be much more convenient.

Zhao Hai and the others weren’t expecting to reap huge harvests in their trip to the Fishmen this time. For them, this





harvest was very important. Because of this, every single important matter of the Buda Clan would quickly reach Zhao Hai’s ears at the quickest possible time.

While Zhao Hai and the others were busy with the messenger fish, Luo Ying wasn’t idling as well. The enemy had finally made their move two hours after their previous attack.

This attack was different from the conical formation from before. This time, they were advancing in a straightforward manner. It seems like they want a huge fight. Zhao Hai and the others were inside the Azure Dragon Snail, looking at the scene through the water curtain.

Luo Ying’s table had a messenger fish. This fish was placed on a crystal bowl and was used to send messages to different people. But compared to the Space’s messenger fish, this fish naturally fell short.

Zhao Hai didn’t have the interest to pay any attention to this messenger fish at this point. He just blankly stared at the enemy forces who were slowly inching forward. Their speed wasn’t very quick, and their formation was very compact. The enemy’s formation and Luo Ying’s formation were almost similar, both formations looked like a Rubik’s cube.

In front of the enemy’s formation were the Electric Eels and other long-ranged attackers. It looks like the opposite party was prepared to launch a large scale attack.

Luo Ying was also paying attention to the lineup of the enemy. At the same time, she was using magic directed at the messenger fishes as she gave one command after another.

Naturally, Luo Ying didn’t use this to give command to the entire army. She sends messages to her officers through this fish and then the officers would them relay the message to the appropriate units.

Along with the advancement of the enemy, the defensive line had also started to change bit by bit. Those defensive Fishmen who weren’t afraid of the Electric Eels had slowly reached the front of the formation. The offensive Fishmen were also slowly going to the back.

This was the first time that Zhao Hai would see a full collision between two Fishman armies. The two sides faced





faced off at this small piece of the defensive line. It was like there was a rule that one would attack while one defends.

The distance between the two armies was getting shorter and shorter. At about 200 meters away, the advancing army stopped. Then suddenly, blue lightning started to appear from the enemy’s formation. This lightning quickly crept towards the defending troops. Naturally, this was the Electric Eels launching their attacks.

The defensive troops quickly responded, the defensive race made a move as them and their mounts blocked the attack.

Zhao Hai paid close attention to the battle. He wasn’t expecting the Electric Eels to be able to control lightning so well. When electricity is used underwater, it would generally disperse immediately. Attacking using electricity underwater was near impossible, but the Electric Eels still managed to do it. This showed how strong their attacks were, to Zhao Hai, it was really amazing.

But the defensive troops couldn’t just sit still and not counter attack. Water arrows and ice spears had started to bombard the attacking army. At this time, long-ranged attacks from both sides had started to appear.

After ten rounds of long-ranged attacks, the Electric Eels had probably ran out of juice. Their lightnings were getting weaker and weaker. At this point, they were now starting to use water arrows and ice spears in attacking the defenders.

However, their attacks became weaker and weaker. This scene also happened at the side of the defenders .Then the enemy army started to change. Those responsible for long-ranged attacks had slowly drawn back. Those suited for close combat started to appear at the front.

Luo Ying immediately issued the command to change the formation. Their own army’s melee troops have also started to come out front. At this time, the long-ranged attacks have started to die down. Then, the melee troops started to charge.

The attacking army’s charge was similar to Sha Meng’s cone formation. But this time, instead of a single giant cone, multiple smaller cones had appeared.

Seeing this, Luo Ying suddenly issued another command, “Prepare the Falling Stone formation!”

Immediately, the other Mermaids relayed the order and the defensive





the defensive army moved. The whole army seemed to be spinning all the time. Before long, the Sea Dragon army had finally come into contact with the Mermaid army. Then suddenly, innumerable stones began to rain down on the Sea Dragon army. Given the speed at which the stones were flying, it was for certain that their damage wouldn’t be small.

The enemy wasn’t expecting this move as got hit by the stones. However, they were now very close to the other army and eventually slammed into the big defensive wall. The defenders had successfully defended against the attack as their revolution remained undisturbed. Like a killing machine, the defensive army kept killing the Sea Dragon’s troops.

Upon seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. Then he turned his head towards Luo Luo who wasn’t far away. Luo Luo can be said to be well informed about the Fishman Race. There wasn’t a tribe that she didn’t have any knowledge of. It was because of this that the Queen had her go along with Zhao Hai.

Seeing Zhao Hai’s look, Luo Luo immediately knew what he would ask, so she immediately said, “These attacks came from the Rockfish tribe. They’re quite strange. Generally, we Fishmen would use our water magic as long-ranged attacks. But these Rockfishes have their stones. In their bodies was a pouch that can load a certain amount of stones. When they run into an enemy, they would spurt out these stones and wound them. Although this process wasn’t very different to any offensive water magic, the damage it would cause was much greater than any water spell.”

Zhao Hai nodded, to be honest, he already wasn’t surprised about any of these. Compared to the Fishman Race, the amount of races that were in the Beastman’s Prairie can only be considered to be miniscule.

Zhao Hai was now admiring Luo Ying even more. Knowing each race in the sea was already quite a feat, but knowing about their special abilities and bringing them out to their full potential was something only great generals can do. And Luo Ying was able to do

able to do it.

It can be said that Luo Ying’s Falling Stone Formation had already defeated the enemy’s offense. If they maintained this clash, then the enemy might be able to hold out for quite some time. However, their chance of having a deadlock has been lost. The only remaining fate for them if they continue on was a massacre.

Naturally, the opposite party knew about this, so they started to slowly retreat. Their retreat was not fast, but their formation was successfully doing it. Those who performed the attack were now acting as the rear guard while the larger formations turned back.

After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod, the commander of the opposite party surely wasn’t simple. In this case, giving up a few people to preserve the larger part was a wise idea.

Then Zhao Hai turned his head to Luo Ying and said, “General, get me to send some undead to attack them. Capitalize in their retreating action and leaving them with only a few soldiers left.”

Luo Ying stared, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Fighting on the battlefield at this time is too dangerous for mister.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I don’t have to go out, I can just send them out from here.” After saying that, he waved his hand as clumps of black mist appeared around the Sea Dragon army. After these black mists disappeared, clumps of skeletal beasts appeared right beside the Sea Dragon army. Then those magic beasts went into a cone formation as they charged towards the retreating army.

This development started suddenly and the enemy wasn’t expecting an abnormal person like Zhao Hai to be on the defending army. Zhao Hai’s undead was now starting to wreak havoc on the Sea Dragon army’s formation.

Although this great formation was shaken, it was clear that their commander was extremely talented. He immediately made a response as the formation suddenly rotated. And this time, the rotation wasn’t as a whole, but it was a layer by layer rotation. These layers of rotation and counter rotations managed to block the undead attack.





* * *





Chapter 623 – War

However, can Zhao Hai’s undead be easily stopped? Although Zhao Hai had limited the strengths of these undead and didn’t let them exhibit 9th rank strength, their fighting prowess was still formidable. So when they clashed, the enemy got caught off guard once again.

Although the Sea Dragon Army had already employed their formation, they were facing against undead that weren’t afraid to die. The army felt how hard it was to block the undead attack. But fortunately for them, these undead would immediately turn into black gas every time they were struck at a vital point in their bodies.

Naturally, this was something that Zhao Hai deliberately did. As long as an undead was critically hit, he would immediately exchange them with a black gas before storing them back into the Space.

At this time, Zhao Hai had sent forth 500 thousand undead creatures. These undead were the magic beasts that he had acquired days before. Zhao Hai wasn’t intending to have these undead withdraw. He wanted to let them smash through the Sea Dragon army until they were wiped out. Of course, their ‘deaths’ would have to be staged.

This was the most terrifying thing about Dark Mages in the battlefield. They were able to command their undead to commit to a suicidal attack, after all, the lives of the undead didn’t matter. And when the enemy retreats, Dark Mages would gather up the corpses and turn them into a new undead army.

The Sea Dragons were currently experiencing this situation. They were facing undead beasts that had more strength than most Fishmen warriors that they had encountered before. They were able to kill one undead but at a cost of many. This wasn’t something that the Sea Dragon army can bear. So the Formation had slowly developed into a rout.

The difference between people and undead was that the undead held no fear for death while people did. Even the most disciplined army had this mentality. The Sea Dragon army was naturally the same.

But it was good for them that Zhao Hai didn’t send a lot of undead, only





500 thousand. Although the undead has caused a disorderly retreat, they still couldn’t budge the large formation of a 3 million troop army.

The fighting strengths of the Fishmen were strong as well, definitely stronger than average magic beasts. The 500 thousand undead that Zhao Hai had sent were eventually eradicated by the Sea Dragon army. This time, the army didn’t dare to stay, they quickly retreated back, afraid of any more attacks from the other party.

The entire undead attack was seen by Luo Ying and the others. No Fishmen were able to use Dark Magic, so this was their first time seeing attacks from undead. If they were to use a word to describe it, then it would be “terrifying”!

The attack power of the undead can only be considered average by Luo Ying’s standards, but the most terrifying thing about the undead was the fact that they wouldn’t die as long as their vital points aren’t hit. Even if their limbs were to be decapitated, they could still perform their attacks. Who wouldn’t be afraid of seeing something like that attacking them?

Luo Ying was a general, so she was very clear about how an attack like this would affect a troop’s morale. At this point, Luo Ying didn’t dare look down on Zhao Hai anymore. The undead that Zhao Hai had sent out had killed more than what they had, this was a terrifying thought.

When the Sea Dragon army retreated, the battlefield became peaceful. Zhao Hai turned his head to Luo Ying and said, “General, I’ll be processing those corpses.”

Luo Ying nodded and said, “Mister, do as you like. I still have some more matters to process, so I wouldn’t be able to accompany mister. Dashan, you go and be mister’s escort.” Dashan nodded and went out with Zhao Hai.

When they arrived outside the snail, they immediately rode their mounts and went to the battlefield. Zhao Hai then turned the dead unto his minions. All in all, he had added more than one million undead into his army.

In this more than a million undead, 800 thousand were Sea Dragon troops





troops while the remaining 300 thousand were from the defense army. But 600 thousand of those from the Sea Dragon army died in the hands of Zhao Hai’s undead. This showed how deadly the undead were.

Currently, Zhao Hai became more and more pleasing to Dashan’s eyes. He also understood what Luo Ying meant. Zhao Hai, who can minimize their losses while greatly harming the enemy was a very terrifying weapon in the battlefield.

The other Fishmen had also become aware of Zhao Hai’s prowess. The Fishmen were originally clueless about what Zhao Hai was doing. But the reinforcing army that came with Zhao Hai had told them about what he did back at mermaid island, and in addition to seeing the current attack, they were now in awe and veneration towards Zhao Hai.

After Zhao Hai turned the Fishmen into undead, he returned to the blade scale whale and told Dashan that he needed to rest and wouldn’t be returning to the Azure Dragon Snail. Dashan didn’t say anything, after all, Zhao Hai was the Fishman Race’s ally. Him, and even Luo Ying, didn’t have the authority to give Zhao Hai any commands. Because of this, Dashan just let Zhao Hai do what he wants.

Zhao Hai entered the blade scale whale and then opened the monitor. Laura and the others were also right by his side. They looked at the monitor with great interest, they didn’t care much about the situation of today’s war, but they wanted to see Luo Ying’s reaction inside the azure dragon snail.

Luo Luo remained with Luo Ying at this time, so Zhao Hai and the others can just comfortably watch the scene in the monitor.

Seeing Zhao Hai leave, Luo Ying immediately called Luo Luo over and said, “Luo Luo, how did this mister Zhao Hai arrive at our Fishman Race’s domain. Why did he come?”

Luo Luo immediately narrated about how Zhao Hai asked to see the Queen and then told her about the matter of the Divine Race. Although Luo Ying knew about Zhao Hai’s existence, the information that she received from the messenger fish was inadequate. Seeing





inadequate. Seeing Zhao Hai fight today made Luo Ying careful towards Zhao Hai. In her opinion, Zhao Hai was too dangerous, therefore she asked Luo Luo about Zhao Hai’s origin.

After Luo Luo finished talking, Luo Ying nodded and said, “So that’s how it is. I didn’t think that Mister would have so many status in the Human lands. It looks like mister would become our race’s most solid ally. Having an ally like him would be a great boon for our race.

Luo Luo nodded and said, “The Queen said the same thing. General will the war end soon now that Mister Zhao Hai is here?”

Luo Ying forced a smile and said, “Silly Luo Luo, how could it be that easy, do you really think that the Sea Dragons would be that weak? Also, it seems like the Sea Dragons have gained help from the Humans and Dragons of the continent. If that really is the case, then it would be possible for them to have Light Dragons and people of the Radiant Church among them. Both of those entities are well versed in Light magic. And light magic is the nemesis of dark magic. Mister Zhao Hai’s means would be limited because of that.”

The Fishmen had their own intelligence network in the continent, therefore they also had some understanding about Dark Mages. So it wouldn’t be strange for them to know that light magic was the bane of Dark Mages. But what Luo Ying didn’t know was the fact that Zhao Hai was different from any Dark Mage. General Dark Mages might be afraid of light magic, but Zhao Hai didn’t care much of it.

When Luo Luo heard Luo Ying, her expression couldn’t help but change. Then she said, “What should we do? General, we can defeat the Sea Dragons, right?”

Luo Ying looked at Luo Luo and then smiled faintly, “Of course we can defeat the Sea Dragons. Don’t worry about it. This time, the Sea Dragons just got some helpers. If mister Zhao Hai can help us hold them off for a while, then we can get the strength to wipe

strength to wipe them out in one go.”

Luo Ying was just saying this to comfort Luo Luo. However, what she said also held some truth. The Mermaid family had ruled the Fishman Race for a very long time, and from that alone, their background was quite strong. The reason why the Mermaids became like this was because they had been caught off guard. As long as the Mermaids had time, and were able to gather their strength, then they would be able to deal with the Sea Dragons. It was just that the Mermaids would still have to pay a heavy price.

When Luo Luo heard Luo Ying, she couldn’t help but feel relaxed. Seeing Luo Luo’s appearance, Luo Ying couldn’t help but faintly smile. She couldn’t blame Luo Luo, after all, she was still young and still hadn’t seen the big world. She hasn’t even gone to a real battlefield. Therefore, this response from Luo Luo was quite normal.

At this time, Dashan arrived, he gave a salute to Luo Ying and said, “General, Mister Zhao Hai has processed the corpses. Currently, he is inside his blade scale whale, resting.”

Luo Ying nodded, then she turned to Luo Luo and said, “How is the space inside the Blade Scale Whale? If it isn’t any good, I can arrange a room for mister Zhao Hai to rest here.”

Luo Luo smiled and said, “General, you don’t know, but the inside of the blade scale whale is very comfortable. It had several rooms in it, a living room, bathroom, and even a place where one can see outside. It was a great place.”

As soon as she heard Luo Luo, Luo Ying became surprised. She looked at Luo Luo and said, “Really? It seems like the level of mister’s dark magic isn’t low.”

Luo Luo nodded and said, “Mister is very strong. His wives aren’t simple either. I can see that mister places great importance to his wives’ opinion whenever they discuss something. Moreover, their relationship is very good. Mister’s wives are very harmonious with each other. They’ve become friends with our sisters back at mermaid island as well.”





* * *





Chapter 624 – You Take Command

Luo Ying nodded and said, “No matter what, mister is our ally. Dashan, Luo Luo, you have the most contact with mister. Make sure to listen to anything that he wants. Make sure that you satisfy his needs.”

When Luo Luo heard Luo Ying, she immediately responded, “General, I seem to remember something. Mister Zhao Hai wanted to collect unique beasts and plants as a hobby. Whenever he sees something along the way, he would stop and collect them alive. General, I think we should get some beasts and plants for mister, or maybe something else that is unique, what do you think?”

Luo Ying gawked, “So mister has a hobby like that. Is mister an Alchemist or a Refining Master? That doesn’t matter, I’ll have someone go and pay attention to this. Right, I have some sea dragon beads on hand. Although Mister is quite strong, it would be more convenient for him if he had these beads.”

Luo Luo nodded. Then Luo Ying turned to Dashan and said, “Dashan, what is the casualty count? Are we doing well?”

Dashan nodded and said, “The situation is good. Enemy casualties number over 800 thousand while our deaths are less than 300 hundred thousand. Six hundred thousand of those enemy casualties were due to Mister Zhao Hai’s undead”

Luo Ying knit her brows and said, “Our casualties are still more than the enemy. The Sea Dragons have gathered a lot of powerful warriors all these years, we’re much worse in terms of fighting prowess. But it was fortunate that we had more reinforcements coming soon.”

Dashan nodded and said, “It’s also good that mister has managed to gather more undead. If the enemy attacks tomorrow, then mister would gain even more undead, which would be beneficial for us. You’ve seen how strong those undead were from the earlier fight, they’re quite formidable.”

Luo Ying nodded and said, “However, I’m afraid that the Sea Dragons might have a Light Mage or Light Dragon among them. Those would bring us some trouble.What we need to do right now is to keep the enemy from advancing beyond this place. We’ll wait for more reinforcements to arrive and then grind the enemy bit by bit





before we can claim victory in the end.”

Dashan and Luo Luo nodded. Luo Ying felt some tiredness as she said, “Alright, let’s go rest. I think the Sea Dragons wouldn’t make another attack today.” The two nodded before turning around and leaving.

Then Zhao Hai turned the monitor off. Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, it seems like they had finally recognized your strength. Are you happy?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “What does being recognized really do? If I weren’t afraid of exposing my secrets, then I would’ve already extinguished the Sea Dragons.”

Lizzy smiled and said, “But this is also good, they are now going to look for good things for Big Brother Hai. Brother Hai, how about asking for an Azure Dragon Snail? That thing is very good.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I really don’t envy the snail, what I want is their water refining technique. If there’s a chance, I would want to learn how they do it. It’s quite an amazing invention.”

Megan nodded and said, “Well, let’s not talk about that. Elder Brother Hai, how about we look at the battle earlier, I want to see it clearly.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he had Cai’er replay the fight from earlier. Then they analyzed it bit by bit. But when it comes to battles, it seems like Megan and Lizzy were much better than him.

After analyzing the battle, Zhao Hai and the others reckoned that he can still kill about 100 thousand more if there was good strategy involved.

After looking at the battle, Zhao Hai relaxed. Then Zhao Hai looked at Megan and Lizzy and said, “Alright, you two are indeed good at these things. I think we can talk to General Luo Ying tomorrow and ask for permission to do an attack using our undead. At that time, I can have the two of you be the commander. We’ll take the battle to the Sea Dragons while finding out who their helpers were. What do you think?”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, do you really want us to command the undead? What if we don’t do a good job?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your worries are unnecessary. No commander starts off





off good. Moreover, how many undead do we have? And they’re quite strong as well. Don’t forget, the 500 thousand undead that we used earlier are all doing fine. When we go to the Space, I’ll have the two of you command a unit so that you can get familiar with them during battles. Later on, whether it be the Gods or the Demons, war would be inevitable. Me and Laura cannot take command, so we’ll be leaving that matter off to you two.”

When Lizzy and Megan heard Zhao Hai, they immediately understood what he was trying to say. Zhao Hai making them command the undead was just a preparation for the war in the future. They also understood that the fight against the Gods and the Demons would be more difficult than this one. And at the same time, their side really needed good commanders in order to maximize their fighting potential.

After thinking about this, Lizzy and Megan nodded and said ,”Alright, we’ll listen to Brother Hai. We’ll be the ones dealing with the Sea Dragons tomorrow.”

Zhao Hai let out a long breath and said, “We need to make sure to take good care of ourselves. The most important thing is to prepare to receive the Gods and Demons. These two would be hard to deal with. When they appear in the continent, then we would have no other choice but to fight.”

The others didn’t speak. The Gods and Demons were like two mountains that were weighing down on their shoulders, making it hard for them to breath. Just like Zhao Hai said, they needed to use all of their energy to prepare themselves in dealing with those two.

They rested for the whole day, and on the next morning after having breakfast, Luo Luo arrived in front of the blade scale whale. Zhao Hai immediately invited her in. When Luo Luo entered the whale, she handed the dragon beads over to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, take these. The general had me give this to you. Later, you can place it on your body so that you don’t need to use magic in repelling the water.”

Zhao Hai received the dragon beads and carefully looked at it, then he nodded





he nodded and said, “Alright, I was just about to visit the General. I’ll go give my thanks when I see her. Let’s go.”

Luo Luo nodded and then she asked, “What does mister want to ask the general?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s about the war. We had always been on the defensive side, we’re too passive. I want to take the fight to the Sea Dragons. I want to ask for the general’s approval so that I can go and attack them.”

When she heard Zhao Hai, Luo Luo couldn’t help but gawk. She looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister wants to attack the Sea Dragons?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Right, I want to see how good those Sea Dragons are.” Then he came out of the blade scale whale and stepped on the back of a turtle before heading towards the azure dragon snail.

Luo Luo looked surprised at Zhao Hai. She didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would want to attack. Yesterday, she heard that the general wanted them to hold the attacks off as long as they can while grinding the Sea Dragons bit by bit. But Zhao Hai’s request was in direct opposition to the general’s plan.

While she was thinking about this, they had finally arrived at the snail’s hall. Seeing Zhao Hai come, Luo Ying immediately said, “Mister, I think the Sea Dragons wouldn’t attack today. You can use the time to take a good rest.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I came here today about this matter. I’m here to ask the general’s permission. I want to attack the Sea Dragons.”

Luo Ying stared, then she knit her brows and said, “Mister, we can just wait for the Sea Dragons here. It’s too risky to attack them.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “General, you said that it was possible for the Sea Dragons to have received help from the Humans and Dragons. If this is really the case, then it wouldn’t be good for us to keep this defensive war. I want to use the undead in order to chip away some of the enemy’s strength. Moreover, I also want to see who their helpers are.”

Luo Ying still refused, “Mister, if the Sea Dragons had help from

had help from the continent, then perhaps they would use a Light Mage to deal with you.”

Zhao Hai actually laughed and said, “General, you don’t need to worry. I’ve been at odds with the Radiant Church for a long time. If Light magic really did affect me, then I would’ve already died in their hands. Also, I would only be using my undead in this attack, so we wouldn’t have any casualties. If we wait for them to come to us, then we would certainly suffer some losses. I think it would be better for us if I were to take the initiative and bring the battle to them.”

When Luo Ying heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but think deeply. Mermaids treat the Fishmen like their own family. If they waited for the enemy to attack them, then it was inevitable that deaths would occur. And losing people from your own side doesn’t give anyone a good feeling. Because of this, Luo Ying began to be moved by Zhao Hai’s proposal.

Luo Ying nodded and said, “Alright, then I won’t stop mister. However, Mister should do his best in order to protect your own safety. How about this, I’ll have Dashan and a group of warriors accompany you. What do you think?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “General, although Captain Dashan is formidable, they don’t know how to fight along with the undead. Even if they do come with me, they won’t be able to offer any help. The general doesn’t need to worry about me, after all, I don’t have any plans to die just yet. There’s no need to have someone protect me. In any case, I’ll always be in the back, commanding the undead. If things go sour, I can just retreat.”

Luo Ying was unable to refute Zhao Hai’s statement, so she just nodded and said, “Then I can only ask mister to be careful. I’ll be waiting for mister’s good news. Right, if mister acquires some dragon beads, all of them shall belong to you.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The general has my utmost gratitude. Alright then, this Zhao Hai would be taking his leave.” Then he gave Luo Ying a salute before turning around to leave.





* * *





Chapter 625 – Such a Character!

About thirty nautical miles away from the Mermaid’s defensive line was a large gathering of Fishmen. These Fishmen looked much stronger than those from the Mermaid clan’s army. Among them were people from the Electric Eel tribe and the Shark tribe. This was the large camp of the Sea Dragons.

The Fishmen didn’t have the custom of constructing camps. So these large gathering, the entire camp, was actually situated in a very huge coral reef. But the reef looked very peculiar, its form was like a curled up Sea Dragon.

The Sea Dragons had some differences compared to the other Dragons, perhaps it was to allow them to better survive at sea. Other Dragons were big bellied lizards with a pair of wings. But the Sea Dragons were different, they looked like sea snakes with four feet, and on those feet were some white bristles, they also had a fin on their tails. This form suited them the most in swimming underwater. This coral reef looked exactly like huge slumbering Sea Dragon.

This giant coral reef occupied a very large area, which was a testament to how large it was. But what is even more surprising was the fact that it was evident that this coral reef was not from here. One could see that it was moved to this location.

In front of this reef were countless ropes, which were made out of high level magic beast leather. These ropes were connected to large magic beasts. It was obvious that this huge piece of coral was dragged here by those magic beasts.

The coral reef seemed to be surrounded by a huge blue bubble. One could hardly see a drop of water inside the reef. From time to time, one could see some warriors coming in and out of the structure.

Another amazing thing was that the warriors who were on patrol were all humanoid. They wore fish scales armor and dragon helmets on their heads. Their hands seem to be naked but one could see that it was covered in some sort of metal glove. The nails on the glove showed that it had





quite an attacking capability.

These warriors who had gone to patrol were Sea Dragons. Dragons aren’t like any other magic beast. Even if other magic beasts were to become 9th rank, the most they can do was change the size of their body, it was impossible for them to change their shape. On the other hand, when Dragons become 8th rank in their adulthood, they would immediately have the ability to change into humanoid figures. This was an advantage that Dragons had.

And this coral reef was the home of the Sea Dragons, the Dragon Palace!

The Sea Dragons lived in this palace, but they usually don’t make the palace move around. It was because every time the palace gets moved, it would need at least 100 thousand strong marine magic beasts. And finding those beasts wasn’t an easy task.

This coral reef has been transformed by the Sea Dragons through the years. The inside of it had become like palace, with pearls and crystals everywhere. It was extraordinarily attractive, even more attractive than Mermaid Island’s palace.

Sitting inside the Dragon Palace’s Great Hall were four people, two of them wore blue robes, robes that seemed to be made out of magic beast skin. The two weren’t very tall, about 1.8 meters high. Their bodies were well-proportioned, they had dark blue hair as well as dark blue eyes. Their skins were white and their appearance seemed to be about 40 years old. They were revealing the aura of mature men, looking very handsome and unique.

Another man wore a long gold robe, he had a head full of beard, and was about 2.5 meters tall. He had long golden hair and if one looks closely into it, one could see a pair of sharp horns poking through.

The last man looked very ordinary, he wore a red mage’s robe while having a Magic Staff in one hand. He had short but still attractive beard, and had a very holy expression on his face. If a Human were to see this person, then their first impression would be that this person was a Light Mage.

At this time, the younger of the two blue robed





robed people opened his mouth and said, “Patriarch, Envoy, Bishop, I can assure you that our army has been attacked by undead. And their numbers were quite large as well, about 500 thousand undead.”

The other blue robed person, who seemed to be the Sea Dragon Patriarch, said, “Illac, do you understand what 500 thousand undead meant? How many Dark Mages would need to command it? Moreover, you’re saying that these undead were also quite strong, are you really sure that it was undead?”

Illac nodded and said, “Patriarch, I am telling the truth. After we got caught off-guard by the enemy’s Falling Stone Formation, we began to retreat. But at that time, large quantities of undead suddenly appeared around us. The fighting strength of these undead were quite strong. If we haven’t recovered immediately, we might have suffered more losses.”

When Illac’s voice fell, the golden robed man couldn’t help but knit his brows and said, “How is that possible? Wasn’t there supposed to be no contact between the Mermaids and the Humans? Then how come there were Dark Mages present? Moreover, 500 thousand undead wasn’t something that one or two Dark Mages can summon. Were you able to see how many Dark Mages were present?”

The Red Robed Light Mage opened his mouth and with a serious tone, he said, “It’s not necessary to have a lot of Dark Mages in order to summon 500 thousand undead. Envoy Ao Ke, I know of a certain Human Dark Mage. He is able to summon 500 thousand undead by himself, maybe even more.”

Envoy Ao Ke, Illac, and the Sea Dragon Patriarch’s faces changed, these three looked at the red robed Light Mage, then Ao Ke said, “Bishop Joshua, are you telling the truth? Does the Human Race have such a character? Why haven’t you dealt with him yet?”

This Joshua was unexpectedly a Radiant Church’s red robed Archbishop. However, this golden robed Ao Ke had a much bigger background. He is of the Dragon Race and was the current Dragon Patriarch’s younger brother, but only a half-brother.

The birth of Dragons is very difficult, but they were still quite fertile. A peculiar thing





peculiar thing about them was that they can more successfully procreate with those that wasn’t of their own race. Although there were still some Pure Dragon births here and there, their numbers were still inferior to those who were born between a Dragon and of an inferior race.

In addition to giving birth to a Light Dragon because of his wife, Ao Ke’s father was also able to give birth to him with a Metal Dragon. However, since Dragon law states that only Light Dragons can become Patriarchs, Ao Ke’s chances of leading his race has become impossible. Although Ao Ke had both the advantages of being a Light Dragon and a Metal Dragon, he still had to give up the position to his brother. However, his status in the Dragon Race was still quite high. He was even entrusted with the responsibility of being the Envoy of the Dragon Race in this battle between the inferior Sea Dragon Race and the Mermaid Clan.

As soon as Joshua heard Ao Ke, he nodded, and with a heavy expression he said, “Patriarch Alex, General Illac, Envoy Ao Ke, our Human Race did have such a Dark Mage. Moreover, he had become our church’s archenemy. To be honest, at this point, we are very willing to pay any price in order to eliminate him. But this person is very difficult to deal with, causing our Radiant Church to lose repeatedly by his hand. The reason why the Radiant Church has been pushed into a corner in the continent was partly due to this man. You might not know but this person is quite famous in the Human lands. He’s the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, the son-in-law of the Emperor of the most powerful nation, the son-in-law of the Dark Mage Alliance’s Calci Family, the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince, as well as being a very big merchant. He is also an extremely formidable Dark Mage, one time, he had turned the Aksu Empire’s 600 thousand troop navy into his undead in just one night. For him, controlling 500 thousand undead wouldn’t be very hard.”

The Sea Dragon Patriarch Alex was dumbfounded upon hearing Joshua’s words.

hearing Joshua’s words. He didn’t think that such a character had popped up in the Human Race. After some time, Alex recovered and said, “I’ve got some word some time ago that the Fishman Race has been having secret transactions with Humans, maybe it’s with this Buda Clan that Bishop meant? But Bishop Joshua, haven’t you thought of a way to eliminate him yet?”

Joshua forced a smile and said, “This Buda Clan Patriarch is named Zhao Hai. He’s extremely powerful, we have thought of eliminating him for a long time. In the beginning, we weren’t aware of his strength, which cost us five white robed bishops and 18 knight guards. But in the end, the only thing we can do was drive him off to the Prairie. But when he came back, his power has greatly increased. After that, we had made continuous efforts in eliminating him, but all ended up in failure. The most recent one involved us sending forth four 9th rank experts and had them use Life Combustion in order to eliminate him. But for some reason, he was still able to successfully escape. Later on, in the war between the Beastmen and Humans, our plans had somehow become known to the Beastmen. We suspect that this Zhao Hai had something to do with it, but we had no proof. Later on, our Church haven’t had the chance to muster up the force that would deal with him. Patriarch Alex, I think this secret trade was established by Zhao Hai. This Zhao Hai had a peculiar personality that made him have a good relationship with other races. I’ve also heard about him being in good terms with the Dwarves. Based on that, it wouldn’t be strange for him to have a connection with the Fishman Race.”

Alex and the others couldn’t help but breathe in cold air. Although they didn’t know how formidable this Life Combustion that Joshua told them was, they estimated how strong it would be judging by the fact that it used the life of four 9th rank experts. For Zhao Hai to survive this attack was quite a scary thing to think about!





* * *





Chapter 626 – Devil Scorpion

Joshua looked at the expressions of those present and couldn’t help but smile bitterly, “We had underestimated Zhao Hai from the start. Now that he has established his name in the continent, it would be close to impossible for us to deal with him. And since the situation of the Church isn’t very good, it would take us some time in order to make a proper move.”

Ao Ke and the others recovered and couldn’t help but breathe in some cold air. But Ao Ke’s eyes suddenly lit up as he said, “If the one we’re facing is indeed Zhao Hai, then the situation would be good for us. Although you don’t have a way of dealing with him in the continent, we are currently in the sea. Zhao Hai’s strength should be limited here, we can use this opportunity to kill him, essentially removing a huge problem of yours while at the same time removing a big helper of the Mermaid clan.”

Upon hearing Envoy Ao Ke, the eyes of Joshua and Alex couldn’t help but turn bright. This was good, even if it was difficult to deal with Zhao Hai in the continent, one shouldn’t forget that they are currently in the ocean. One of the strongest entities here were the Sea Dragons. If they can remove Zhao Hai, then they would be removing a huge problem in their plan.

After thinking about this, the group couldn’t help but get restless. Alex looked at Illac and said, “Illac, did you say that Zhao Hai’s undead were strong? Did you happen to see Zhao Hai? He shouldn’t be too far away from his undead, right?”

Illac shook his head and said, “Patriarch, this one hasn’t seen him. At that time, the situation had gone hectic, I simply didn’t have the chance to look for his shadow.”

Alex nodded and said, “When you attack tomorrow, you must pay attention to any Dark Mages or even Zhao Hai among the Mermaid army. If we become sure that it is Zhao Hai, then we’ll do our best in order to kill him. Saving the plans of the Gods from being disrupted all the time.”

Illac nodded, then Alex turned to Joshua





and said, “Bishop Joshua, do you have a portrait of Zhao Hai? We don’t want Illac to mistake him for another person.”

Joshua nodded and said, “Of course, this Zhao Hai is the Church’s number one enemy. It would be impossible for me to not have a portrait of him.” Then he turned his hand before a portrait appeared. The portrait was draw masterfully, showing Zhao Hai’s figure as well as his face. Zhao Hai was holding a magic staff on one hand while also wearing a black robe on his body. His face was colored so well that the picture looked to be alive. But Zhao Hai didn’t have much expression on his face, probably due to the bias the artist had against him.

But when they saw the portrait, Alex and the others couldn’t help but gawk. They didn’t expect that this formidable Zhao Hai that Joshua was talking about to be quite young. They were expecting a skeleton looking Dark Mage, not an ordinary healthy young man.”

The group looked at Joshua, their expression probably saying, “Did you take the wrong thing out?”

When Joshua looked at their expression, he couldn’t help but force a smile and said, “Rest assured, I didn’t take the wrong thing out. This is indeed Zhao Hai, aged about 20 years old and was just recently married. Don’t be fooled by his ordinary looks, his methods are extremely brilliant. If we’re really facing him, then General Illac would need to be careful.”

Alex nodded, then he turned to Illac and said, “Illac, take this portrait with you so that you can clearly identify this guy. If it is really him, don’t go and attack him immediately. Come back and tell us first so that we can concentrate our efforts and destroy him in one go.” Illac nodded, then he took the portrait before turning back and leaving.

After Illac left, Alex turned to Joshua and Ao Ke and said, “Bishop, Envoy, if we prove that it is Zhao Hai, I would have to ask for help from the two of you so that we can be more certain of eliminating him. You should know that this fellow is a Dark Mage, and both of you can





can do light magic. And since he is fighting underwater, he shouldn’t be able to escape if our three sides deal with him simultaneously.”

Ao Ke nodded and said, “Patriarch Alex, rest assured, we aren’t just here to witness the fun. As long as we confirm that it is Zhao Hai, then we would immediately make our move.”

Joshua nodded as well, “Right, we’re not here to just be an audience. If we can really kill Zhai Hai here, then even if this Joshua loses his life, I would still do it in the name of the Radiant God.”

Alex nodded and said, “Good, good, we’re fortunate that the two of you are here. “The army had just experienced a huge battle, so they would need to take a day off. Tomorrow, Illac would attack once again while looking for this Zhao Hai.”

Ao Ke and Joshua were also people who can command troops. So the two knew about the impact their recent losses would have to the troops. Therefore, neither of them opposed to it.

The next day, after Alex and the others had their breakfast and were preparing to head into battle, someone suddenly sent a message. A large amount of undead were attacking them.

Alex and the others gawked, then Alex immediately gave the Sea Dragon a command, “Go and find General Illac.” The Sea Dragon nodded before turning around to leave.

Alex turns to Ao Ke and Joshua, he smiled faintly and said, “Just as we are about to look for him, he suddenly came. I want to see if this person is really Zhao Hai.”

Ao Ke coldly snorted and said, “If this is really Zhao Hai, then he’s being extremely arrogant. For a Human to dare attack the Sea Dragons in the ocean on his own is a very impatient move.”

But Joshua actually frowned and said, “We still need to be careful. This Zhao Hai is not good to deal with.”

Ao Ke couldn’t help but be unconcerned. After seeing Zhao Hai’s portrait, he had begun to form doubts about Joshua’s words. In his opinion, a 20 year old young man wouldn’t have much abilities. Ao Ke believed that since the Radiant Church weren’t able to deal with him, they chose to





chose to exaggerate his qualities in order to same them some face.

However, since Ao Ke was Joshua’s ally, he didn’t want to say anything that would embarrass the other part. So he just nodded and didn’t say anything. At this time, Illac had walked in from outside and then gave a salute to those present.

Alex nodded at Illac’s salute and then said, “Illac, someone just sent word that undead creatures were heading towards us. I suspect that this Zhao Hai is coming. Go and organize the troops for defense. Remember, don’t counter attack. Even if we lose some people, the important thing is confirming if it is really Zhao Hai.” Illac nodded, then he turned around to leave.

Alex turned to Joshua and Ao Ke and said, “Bishop, Envoy, let’s go take a look at this Zhao Hai.” The two nodded before the group headed outside.

Zhao Hai was currently inside the blade scale whales body. In front of him was the monitor and on his side were Laura and the others. Megan and Lizzy were especially anxious at this time.

Zhao Hai wasn’t planning to handle his affairs in a low key this time. He released 1 million undead, comprised of both magic beasts and Fishmen. They were currently in a cube formation as it headed towards the Sea Dragon camp.

The reason why Lizzy and Megan were anxious was because Zhao Hai had made the two of them the commanders of this attack. The calculations and strategies all came from Lizzy and Megan, so it wasn’t strange for them to be quite nervous.

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and couldn’t help but smile, “It’s going to be fine, no need to be nervous. Even if we get defeated, our losses only comprised of undead. Don’t be afraid of anything and just boldly try out everything. You must learn how to command an army attack.”

When Lizzy and Megan heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but let out a long breath. What Zhao Hai said was correct, they weren’t commanding humans this time, but undead. Even if these undead were to get ‘defeated’, they weren’t essentially dead. Ninth rank undead couldn’t easily die, all they were doing was going back to the Space.

After thinking

the Space.

After thinking about this, they immediately calmed down. Then their expressions turned to excitement as the looked at the monitor. Their change made Zhao Hai and the others smile.

The cubic formation advanced slowly. At the same time, a cubic formation also appeared on the side of the Sea Dragon camp. Zhao Hai and the others found out that the Fishmen really liked this formation, maybe because it was very simple.

The two great formations slowly approached each other. Lizzy then turned to Megan and said, “Megan, you go first.”

Megan didn’t become polite, she nodded and said, “Alright. I’ve thought of quite a lot of formations yesterday. I want to try their prowess this time. I’ll go with the Devil Scorpion first. Brother Hai, this formation has a thick center while having two extended wings on each side. And as the battle goes on, the rear army would sprang up from above, attacking the enemy in that direction. This formation looks just like a giant scorpion.” Then Megan used her hand to move the monitor. Zhao Hai also had Cai’er help her with this. The image that Megan described can be fully described on the monitor.

Megan’s Devil Scorpion formation did indeed look like a giant scorpion. The Center army has two wings on each side that would attack the enemy in two fronts. At the same time the Rear Army was also being the scorpion’s tail, slowly going up, preparing to attack the opposite party from above.

Zhao Hao nodded and said, “Right, what you described is very clear.” Then he waved his hand, making the undead creatures move, following the directions that Megan just described.

Megan and Lizzy were going to experiment on the idea that they had come up. They weren’t like the Fishmen who already had their cubic formation, cone formation, or their whirlpool formation. For the fishmen, these basic formations were the ones that would express their potential the most.

And also, experimenting on new formations was something that would take a toll on soldiers. Soldiers much achieve near perfect movements in order to follow the idea of their commander. What their commander wants to do, they would need to do it, there was no room for any mistakes.





* * *





Chapter 627 – Poisonous Scorpion Tail

Achieving this formation wasn’t easy, even the world’s most disciplined army would still have problems executing it. After all, ideas couldn’t be easily transferred to commands and movements. Therefore, any formation would need to be thought through and drilled properly before being executed in the battlefield. Formations like the cubic formation, whirlpool formation, cone formation, and others have been drilled by the Fishmen for lots and lots of years.

However, Zhao Hai’s situation was quite special. What he commanded were undead, which functioned basically like blocks. What you want them to do would be done by them. Dark Mages might have problems in doing this, but Zhao Hai had the Space to assist him. He becomes a perfect commander to a perfectly functional army with all these points in place.

Just as Megan finished describing her formation and wanted him to employ it, Zhao Hai immediately arranged for his army to execute the formation. Before long, the entire army looked like a giant scorpion facing against a large Rubik’s cube.

Illac was currently in the core of the cube. When he saw the undead going against his army, his expression couldn’t help but turn heavy. He immediately issued a command, making the cube constantly rotate.

But at this time, Illac suddenly discovered that the formation of the opposite party has changed. The center army turned still as two wings suddenly came out of the undead formation. Upon witnessing this sight, Illac’s face changed, he didn’t expect that the other party would have the ability to command the undead to this degree.

Illac immediately said, “Face the enemy with a cone formation, make sure to defend against those two outward wings.” Illac was currently inside a giant shell covered by numerous thorns, as though it was a huge sea urchin. But the shell was transparent while there weren’t any water inside, evidently due to the sea dragon bead. There were some furniture inside as well, making it Illac’s command center.

Along with his order, the cube immediately changed its shape. The front of the





cube that was slowly rotating started to extend out front and straight towards Zhao Hai’s center army. However, the left and right wings didn’t budge, they had held off the enemy attack quite successfully.

However, Illac was completely unaware that Zhao Hai’s rear army, the scorpion’s tail, had started to attack from above.

In the war between Fishmen, very few troops chose to get too close to the surface of the sea in order to attack the enemy. This was because that position exposed them to attacks from aerial magic beasts. And since they were accustomed to the bottom of the sea, their eyes wouldn’t be able to survive the glare. If they approach the surface, it might hurt their eyes, blinding them in the process. Therefore, it wasn’t common for any Fishman to attack from above.

It was because of this that Illac managed to eat a huge loss. Just as his cone formation started, Megan turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, Use the wings to make two cone formations and make it break through their defense.” Zhao Hai nodded and then had the undead move according to Megan’s method.

Illac stared at Zhao Hai’s move, at the same time, his ears had also been open, listening to the messages from the front regarding the current situation. Illac’s expression couldn’t help but turn heavy, he really wasn’t expecting the other party’s capacity to command the undead to be this degree. In their past encounter, he thought that the other party can only command his undead to rush in and fight, he didn’t expect that the Dark Mage was able to make a formation such as this. Even Fishmen would have a hard time executing such a maneuver, but the other party had actually done it.

However, Illca can’t think about it for too long. The front of his army has finally gotten in contact with the other party. As his cone formation clashed with the other party’s cone formation, blood immediately came out. At the same time, the two wings of the opposite party started





started to also form a cone formation as it went towards the Sea Dragon Army.

Illac immediately ordered two armies to make a whirlpool formation to meet the opposing cone formations. But his reaction was still a bit late, after all, he was still focused on encountering the center army and wasn’t able to see the side armies. But fortunately, although late, his side armies still managed to block the approaching cone formations, which made Illac’s army fall into full defensive mode.

One could say that Illac’s response was correct, even if he was late in meeting the side armies, he still managed to block both of them as well as Zhao Hai’s center army.

But at this moment, the scorpion tail of Megan’s formation had arrived. It dived down from above and attacked the top of Illac’s cube formation.

The people at the top discovered the tail too late, so when word got sent to Illac, the division commanders at the top already met with the approaching army. But since there was no unified command, the top still haven’t done a whirlpool formation, they just met the scorpion tail as they were. And under Megan’s request, Zhao Hai had also turned the tail into a cone formation, acting like a drill as it barrelled towards the center of the cube formation.

When Illac heard the news from the top formations, he felt that his head has been hit by a stick as his vision saw stars. But since he was a competent general, he immediately took action. At this point, the enemy had already broken through the first layer of the formation. So Illac immediately sent word for the second and third layer to change into a whirlpool in order to block the enemy attack.

Illac was fortunate that the subordinates on those layers were members of warring tribes, so their response was very quick. After the first layer was broken through, the second and third layer also started to slowly rotate.

Illac knew since the first layer was already broken through, the second layer also wouldn’t be able to





able to block in time. The whirlpool formation was quite strong, however, it would also need time to be set up. So Illac plans to have the second layer stall for time, blocking the scorpion tail just in time for the third layer to get its whirlpool formation fully operational.

Zhao Hai and the others were inside the Blade Scale Whale, paying attention to the response of the other party. At this time, Megan couldn’t help but sigh and said, “It looks like I’m only up to this point. I didn’t think that the other party would have such quick response. But the experimental formation still turned out good. At the very least, we have proven that its attacking might is quite strong.”

Zhao Hai and the others nodded. Just from this clash, the other party was already placed on their back foot. Especially during the attack of the scorpion tail, it had actually punctured through two layers of the other party’s formation. It was indeed a very good result.

Megan turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, my trial for the Devil Scorpion is done. You can have them draw back and have Lizzy give it a go.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright”. Then he waved his hand, making the three extending armies retreat back while the center army slowly backed out.

Illac’s face turned ugly when he heard about the report. Although the people at the top managed to block the opponent’s attack, the losses that they suffered wasn’t small. At the same time, he was also nearly defeated, this made Illac very angry.

At this time, the opponent army suddenly retreated slowly, making Illac stare. But he immediately ordered all of his men to keep their position and not chase after the foe. He was afraid that this might be another of those plans of the opposite party. So Illac immediately made his cone formation turn back.

Upon withdrawing, Adam immediately surveyed each division. Then he tallied their losses while also paying close attention to the actions of Zhao Hai’s group.

Adam saw that

group.

Adam saw that the core of the enemy was also in the middle of the cubic formation, just like the Fishmen. In the middle of the formation was a single Blade Scale Whale. But this whale was very different compared to the other undead. This Blade Scale Whale wasn’t comprised of only skin and bones. Adam reckons that the Dark Mage was inside this Blade Scale Whale. This was because he had been looking at the cubic formation for a long time and couldn’t find any other place for the opposite party to hide from. And it would be impossible for the mermaids to allow this commander to be exposed to the outside, so it was natural for this Dark Mage to be inside the great cubic formation.

Adam’s vision focused on the out of the ordinary Blade Scale Whale. And at this time, Zhao Hai was also doing the same, focusing his sight towards the big urchin in the middle of the other party’s formation. His human eyesight seemingly able to pierce into the far distance.

At this time, Zhao Hai’s cubic formation had recombined. Zhao Hai calculated his losses and found out that more than 50 thousand undead has retreated into the Space. Such a short encounter actually made them lose that much, this was beyond what Zhao Hai was expecting.

However, Zhao Hao also found out that the other party had lost significantly more people compared to him. One must know that from the start of the attack to the present, only one hour has passed by. And in this one hour, the other party had already lost tens of thousands of people. This casualty count was very big.

But Zhao Hai didn’t become merciful, he knew that if his heart were to turn soft, the losses due to this war would escalate even more. So he turned to Lizzy and said, “Lizzy, it’s your turn. How do you want to attack?”

Lizzy smiled faintly and said, “I also want to try out a formation. I have given this formation the name of Four Armed Demon!”





* * *





Chapter 628 – Four Armed Demon

Zhao Hai said, “Four Armed Demon? That sounds scary. Tell me how you want to arrange it.”

Lizzy smiled faintly and said, “Big Brother Hai, did you manage to see the weakness of the opposite party’s cube formation? It actually has a weak point.”

Zhao Hai replied, “Weak point? What weak point? How could something that the Fishmen had used for so many years have flaws? So tell me, what is it?”

Lizzy smiled faintly, then she waved at the screen, enlarging the Sea Dragon’s cubic formation. After looking at the formation, Lizzy said, “Big Brother Hai, look at this, although the formation looks very secure and compact, it still had one shortcoming. When this formation makes a move, the are edges in the back that almost always stayed motionless!”

Zhao Hai had always felt that there was something off with this formation, but he wasn’t able to know the difference. But now that Lizzy reminded him, Zhao Hai finally saw it. Although the formation looked like a rubik’s cube, it functioned much more like a square. The square was able to rotate but the four back edges always stayed in place. Even when the top face rotated, they still stayed completely still. Although some Fishmen were on those faces, they seem to be isolated from the rest of the cube and weren’t participating in the fight.

When the group heard Lizzy, their eyes couldn’t help but light up. Lizzy looked at their expressions and faintly smiled, “This point looks like nothing, but it was actually a point of importance. Once you break those four edges, the cube would break. So I designed this Four Armed Demon formation in order to deal with that weakness. The center army would be attracting the attention of the enemy commander. And when the opportune moment comes, four arms would make their move and target those weak spots!”

While talking, Lizzy drew the image of her formation on the monitor. The formation looks like a four armed man that would hug up the enemy’s cube box. And





his four arms would be grasping the back edges of the opponent’s formation, effectively breaking it apart.

Zhao Hai and the others couldn’t help but look at Lizzy in a new light. The way Lizzy and Megan attacked were very different. Megan’s attack emphasized on good attack and battle maneuvers, going head to head with the opponent’s formation. But Lizzy actually looks for weaknesses in the enemy’s formation and capitalizing on that knowledge to make a formation that would be able to break the enemy’s formation.

If Megan were to be described as open and aboveboard, like a Warrior wanting a duel, overthrowing any ideas of underhanded tricks, Lizzy would be like a strong assassin, always actively looking for weaknesses in the enemy that she can exploit.

Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “So Big Brother Hai, is it possible?”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “How could it not be possible? Look at this.” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as the cube of undead advanced. While it was advancing, some undead magic beasts slowly crawled and formed four distinct armies on the edges of the army, ready to launch an attack at any time. Other places of the formation didn’t change in order to not attract Illac’s attention.

But this time, Illac was already being very careful. Zhao Hai’s attack managed to make him focus on his next movement. It doesn’t matter if the other party was Zhao Hai or not, but their command of undead made Illac startled. Because of this, even if Zhao Hai kept his cube formation as it advanced, Illac didn’t dare to lower his guard. Moreover, he was prepared for any change that might suddenly spring out.

Zhao Hai pushed forward slowly, carefully making sure that nothing would be noticed on his formation. Zhao Hai knew that for Lizzy’s formation to be successful, preliminary moves needed to be taken into consideration. Only when the enemy’s attention gets focused on the center army would the four arms be allowed to make their move.

Illac was somewhat confused at Zhao Hai’s slowly approaching army. He





He didn’t understand where the other party’s awesome formations went. If they had used a formation before, then they should have a formation for this time, that was for sure.

However, do they really want to attack like this? Illac didn’t know what to think, therefore, he sent an order to stand by, preparing for any changes that might occur. His eyes were completely stuck at the other party’s army, looking for signs of any changes in the formation.

Seeing the other party’s reaction, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly and said, “We should employ multiple cone formations in order to attract the attention of the opposite army, then we’ll go attack the four edges. Lizzy, what do you think?”

Lizzy nodded and said, “Alright, the most important thing about my formation is the attack on the four edges. If we lost this chance, then the other party might quickly come up with a solution. After all, the enemy is an experienced general.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand as his cube formation changed into small cone formations. Then it slowly advanced towards the other army.

After seeing this move, Illac couldn’t help but let out a long breath. As long as it’s not those special formations, then he would have means to deal with it.

However, Illac still didn’t treat this matter lightly. Rather, he was currently focusing on his defense. He couldn’t risk making a wrong move at this time. The tail of the Demon Scorpion was still fresh inside his mind.

Before long, the cone formation finally clashed with the opposing army. Everything seemed to be quite normal, there were not special things happening. This made it easier for Illac to command his army, everyone was perfectly following his commands.

In this fight between Zhao Hai and Illac, there was almost close to no long-ranged attacks. Zhao Hai didn’t use any since he didn’t want Illac to know that his undead were able to use long-ranged attacks. Illac didn’t use any long-ranged attacks either because he knew how ineffective those would be against the undead. Unless





undead. Unless these undead were hit in their vital points, they could still continue on and attack.

Hitting these undead with long-ranged attacks wasn’t easy. And most importantly, whether it be Fishmen or magic beasts, once they use magic, they would appear weak for a short time. Doing these against close-combat undead was akin to courting death. Because of this, Illac chose to refrain from using any long-ranged attacks. Both sides were using melee in order to draw losses from each other.

Zhao Hai had a lot of cone formations in his attack, but Illac managed to block all of them while using the conventional whirlpool maneuvers. But Illac didn’t use small whirlpools, he was using a big whirlpool in order to maximize the amount of defensive power that he can exhibit against these cone formations. At the same time, this would also slowly dull the tips of the enemy’s cone formations.

This whirlpool formation was deemed to be the most defensively powerful formation of the Fishmen. Almost all Fishman armies were able to skillfully use and execute it, after all, it always comes in handy, especially in situations like these.

Zhao Hai’s performance has also been satisfactory. It also seems like his use of small cone formations was the right decision.

At the same time, Zhao Hai and the others were also waiting for the opportune moment, that moment when the enemy starts to relax. Time passed by, and Illac started to feel relieved. The other party wanted to grind them down. But although Illac’s rate of losses was greater than the other party, the enemy still only had 1 million people. If Illac can sustain for a bit more time, the enemy would have no troops left to grind them down.

At this time, Lizzy saw that the other party was quite attracted to the current situation, so she immediately turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, it’s time to attack.” Zhao Hai nodded, then with an intention, four arms suddenly sprang out of the four corners of his formation. All of them simultaneously going for the

going for the four edges of the opposite party’s cube formation.

This change came very abruptly, the enemy didn’t expect that Zhao Hai and the others would make this move. The Fishmen were already used to this cube formation. Not moving the four edges was done in consideration of it being easier for the overall command of maneuvering. But Zhao Hai didn’t have this problem, he was commanding the undead, even if the entire formation were to make a collective move, it was still very possible. Zhao Hai’s formation was extremely flexible to any change in form.

The Demon’s four arms had now changed into four cone formations as it struck the four edges of the opposite party’s cube formation. And since Zhao Hai had already attracted the enemy’s attention into the center army, their response to this surprise attack came very late. Before Illac and the others made a response, the four cone formations were now making their way into the core of the cube formation.

The four troops on the edges didn’t expect that they would be receiving an attack, so naturally they weren’t able to make a proper response. And since their position was at an edge, it was close to impossible for them to make any significant moves. The four undead formations were now killing through the cube formation as it headed towards the center. At this time, the whirlpool at the front was having problems, so Zhao Hai used this opportunity to have his center army push through.

Illac was looking for any changes in the battle. When the four arms came, Illac stared for a moment before his face paled and he commanded, “With me as the center, block the enemy, quick!”

His subordinates were truly worthy of being warring tribes, they were quite strong. After their initial reaction, they were immediately stabilized by their leaders. Then with Illac as the center, all other formations made their move and surrounded Illac. Then layers of rotation and counter-rotations began. Before long, a huge rotating bead was spotted in the middle of the cube formation.





* * *





Chapter 629 – Interesting Thing

The weakness that Lizzy had found out was actually already known to the Fishmen. They have used this cube formation for many years, so how could they be unaware of its weakness? The four edges supported the formation, they just couldn’t ignore it.

Some people have been using this weakness in order to break the cube formation, so the Fishmen quickly found a way to deal with it. The method was actually very simple. It was to gather a group of elite troops into those edges in order to not let it be broken into. At the same time, they also developed a defensive formation, called Ball.

This ball formation was what Illac was using right now. With the commander at the center, the sphere would keep revolving and counter revolving layer by layer. It looks like meat grinder, anyone who entered this formation would be ground to paste.

In addition to these two methods, there was also a weakness in this method of breaking the formation. The troop requirements needed to accomplish such attack was very high. Their actions must be fast and their movements must be unified, making its composition very strict. This was because if there were any defects in any one of those four attacking divisions, then the entire operation would be placed in jeopardy. It was precisely because of this that this method of breaking the cube formation has slowly vanished from use, allowing the cube formation to dominate in the Fishman armies.

Although the ball formation was a very good defensive maneuver, and can defend against an attack on the four edges of the cube, its defensive power was still inferior to the whirlpool. Moreover, its counter-attacking capabilities are extremely low. Because of this, the formation had always been a backup formation. Almost nobody used this formation at this time.

Naturally, Lizzy and the others weren’t aware about those considerations as well as restrictions in using their attack. After all, they were commanding undead, so they don’t need to worry about minute flaws in their formation.

But when





Illac did their ball formation, Zhao Hai’s attack became useless. The ball formation might not be good in offense, but it can certainly hold its own when it came to defense. Especially against small attacks such as the Lizzy’s four demon arms, it was incredibly effective. Before long, the four divisions of undead that Zhao Hai had sent had been grinded into nothingness.

Zhao Hai didn’t worry about any of this and just commanded his undead to retreat, reforming their cube formation before going away.

At this time, Illac didn’t dare to take pursuit. The recent attacks had almost scared him to death that the thought of pursuing didn’t even enter his mind. Illac didn’t expect Zhao Hai to use a formation that targeted the cube’s weakness. One must know that this method hasn’t been used for so many years. If Illac’s troops weren’t formidable, then he might have lost his life just then.

Illac doesn’t understand what the other party wanted to do. The other party was using undead, so it was natural to think that all of them were expendable. However, the other party was using his undead as though it was an army, and also retreated after suffering some losses. This was completely unlike what a Dark Mage was supposed to do.

Illac and the other Sea Dragon’s relationship with the other Dragons haven’t been established in just a day or two, so they clearly knew what Dark Mages were. And they were clear that Dark Mages, when commanding a lot of undead, would just let them attack in a swarm-like manner. This way, the Dark Mages would use less magic as well as mental power.

When Dark Mages command the undead, they use magic power, however, the consumption of their mental power was even more. When Dark Mages use formations, they would surely be using more mental power than usual. Because of this, Dark Mages rarely used formations when attacking with large numbers of undead.

But contrary to normal customs, Zhao Hai actually arranged the undead in formations and also had them fight like any





any normal army. This made Illac confused as well as afraid of Zhao Hai.

At this point, Illac was almost sure that the other party was Zhao Hai. If the other party was composed of a battalion of Dark Mages, they wouldn’t be able to control the undead to such an astonishing degree. Not only can the undead change formations, it can also target weaknesses in the opponent’s defenses. This was absolutely not something that a group of Dark Mages were capable of.

A Dark Mage can surely command undead into delicate positions, however, a group of them can’t. After all, it was very difficult to find dozens of Dark Mages that were of the same strength and skill in Dark Magic. And since their skills were different, it was an inevitability that their control would have slight mistakes as well. These slight mistakes can be fatal to the battlefield. The only logical explanation to what just happened was that only one person was controlling the entire army of undead.

The reason why Illac dared to affirm the other party’s identity was the fact that he was facing against undead and not people. In the end, Dark Mages weren’t military men. Their genuine might in the battlefield relied on their undead. Only a few Dark Mages would dare study army formations at the same time. After all, shuffling between cultivating magic and studying formations was something near impossible to do.

Most importantly, an undead army doesn’t have any low and middle-level officers. The quality of these officers would heavily affect the effectiveness of the army. Some good low and middle-level officers can spot any small change in the battlefield and would make the appropriate adjustments. A commander’s word would just act like a guide for these kinds of people, they can already do what was expected of them, and maybe even more.

However, the undead was different. They don’t think before they fight, they just do what they were commanded to do. This led to Dark Mages seeing formations as useless in their way of fighting. They might as





might as well let their undead rush the enemies down until one of them prevailed.

Once he had confirmed that the other party was Zhao Hai, Illac couldn’t help but feel dread. For Zhao Hai to have the ability to command the undead to this degree was very terrifying to think about. This was something Illac wasn’t expecting. At this time, Illac felt that he was fighting against a wise commander and his army, not a Dark Mage and his undead.

Although Illac managed to defend against the opponent’s attack, the losses that he had suffered weren’t small. Especially during the last encounter, it almost claimed Illac’s poor life. Because of this, when Zhao Hai retreated, Illac immediately reformed his cube formation. However, he kept the ball formation ready just in case another attack came in their way.

But even if Illac was being careful, he was still very worried. Not because of the other party, but because of his army’s current strength!

The troops that he commanded were all made up of Fishmen, and Fishmen were alive beings. Unlike the undead, these people had limits on how much stress their bodies can handle.

Illac was currently worried about the overall strength of his army. After going through offensive and defensive maneuvers, his army should be quite tired right now. When their strength gets too low, their situation would reach disastrous levels.

Illac didn’t quite understand Zhao Hai’s purpose of coming today. Why did he come? Did he just want to attack with 1 million undead only to get turned back? How could this be possible? Was Zhao Hai this arrogant?

….

Zhao Hai and the others were currently inside the Blade Scale Whale. Lizzy’s face turned quite ugly as she said, “Big Brother Hai, it seems like this method had already been thought through by the Fishmen. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have come up with a response this quickly.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Their reaction was indeed very good. But since the Fishmen already knew about this weakness, why haven’t they used it now? I’m quite confused about this.”

Lizzy sighed and said, “It

and said, “It looks like I failed this time. I didn’t think that my formation was already been used before.”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “That may not be the case. Although the formation seems like it has been used before, it doesn’t mean that you can’t use it anymore. Since the Fishmen rarely used it, then there should be some shortcomings in the your formation. If you can find solutions to those, then wouldn’t you be invincible in the battlefield?”

Lizzy thought for a moment before she nodded and said, “This formation truly has a lot of weak points. I’m going to try and improve it. Megan, let’s go.”

At this time, Cai’er’s voice suddenly came, “Young Master, I’ve discovered something interesting. Want to take a look?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he nodded and said, “Alright.” After he responded, Cai’er changed the monitor’s display, showing the image of the Dragon Palace.

Zhao Hai and the others were shaken upon seeing the image. They didn’t think that there would be such a large reef. Moreover, the other party was actually able to move it, this was too shocking.

But when the monitor zoomed it, the group discovered something. Naturally, it wasn’t the Dragon Palace that Cai’er wanted to show them, but something in the palace instead.

Zhao Hai and the others were still some distance away from the Dragon Palace, so their eyes weren’t able to see it. Only through the monitor were they able to see it.

After Cai’er enlarged the image, several people appeared. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare when he saw these people. He hasn’t seen Sea Dragons before, but he had heard about them from Luo Luo.

The reason why the Sea Dragons wore blue robes was because these robes were actually their scales. Dragons normally didn’t wear any other clothing, otherwise it would transform along with them.

Because of this, Zhao Hai was sure from Alex’s blue robes that he was a Sea Dragon. Moreover, it was certain that his status wasn’t very low. This was because all other Sea Dragons were having him as their center.





* * *





Chapter 630 – Definitely

But this Sea Dragon wasn’t the focal point of Zhao Hai’s attention, it was the two other people right beside him. One of the two was a person that wore a golden robe. The other person wore a red robe and seemed to exude a sacred aura.

When Zhao Hai saw this red robed person, his eyes suddenly shrank. He knew what this sacred person was, he was certainly someone from the Radiant Church. At this point, Zhao Hai already had a certain understanding of the church. For someone to be able to wear this red robe meant that this person was an Archbishop.

After having thought about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look at Joshua for a few times. Although he didn’t know Joshua’s name, Zhao Hai stil engrained the person’s image into his mind. This was a good opportunity to understand the enemy. Zhao Hai was already thinking of turning Joshua into an advanced level undead. After that, Zhao Hao would then know about the internal workings of the Radiant Church.

After remembering Joshua’s face, Zhao Hai turned his attention towards the golden robed man. This person had the temperament of someone formidable. Moreover, Zhao Hai can feel that this person had a similar aura with the Sea Dragons. This made Zhao Hai guess that this person was from the Dragon Race!

Zhao Hai carefully looked at Envoy Ao Ke, when he saw the horns hidden on Ao Ke’s golden hair, Zhao Hai became sure of Ao Ke’s status.

Laura and the others were similarly looking at the two and were also quick to discover their characteristics. After all, the two people looked extremely obvious, they didn’t even make an effort to hide their identity.

Laura’s face turned heavy as she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, it seems like the Radiant Church and the Dragons are indeed allies. It seems like our speculations have been confirmed. The Dragons were truly people of the Divine Race.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The emergence of these two people further confirms our guesses. The Divine Race is indeed already





in action. Since the Radiant Church had failed, they moved to the Fishman Race instead. Regardless or not the Radiant Church succeeds, they would still conquer the sea. As long as they establish their influence here, then they can be considered invincible.”

Lizzy frowned as she said, “So what do we do now? Do we deal with them?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No, we retreat and go tell Luo Ying about this information. After that, we’ll go to the Prairie and the Dwarves, telling them of this information as well.”

Megan nodded and said, “Right, information is of utmost importance. Moreover, the Dwarf Mountains isn’t far from the Accra Mountain. If the Dwarves are unaware of this, then it would be possible that they would suffer great losses.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved as the undead creatures spat out a black gas towards the Sea Dragon army. When Illac saw this, he didn’t dare to ignore it, so he immediately gave the command to slowly retreat. He didn’t want to be wrapped up by the black gas, who knew what that can do.

Fortunately, the black gas wasn’t quick, so Illac’s army managed to successfully turn back. However, Illac suddenly discovered something out of place. The black gas just fluttered around the battlefield, not going any further. Moreover, the clump of gas started to shrink towards the center. At this point, Illac immediately understood what the other party was doing as his face couldn’t help but change. Then he immediately had his army fully retreat, at the same time, he also sent word asking Alex for reinforcements.

The reason why Illac did this was because he understood that the black gas did none other than turning the corpses into undead. Zhao Hai was collecting more undead! Once Zhao Hai completes this process, his undead army would increase. When that time comes, Zhao Hai would become much more troublesome to deal with.

Before long, the black gas vanished, completely cleaning out the entire battlefield. No corpses were left on the scene. Illac’s face was incredibly ugly, but he still ordered his army to





to do a full retreat.

However, what surprised Illac was the fact that Zhao Hai’s undead army was currently slowly backing away. They seem to be retreating, with no intentions of continuing their attack.

This surprised Illac, but at the same time he felt relieved. He was really afraid of the other party attacking. If they did attack, Illac wasn’t sure that he would be able to block it.

Naturally, Illac didn’t dare to pursue. Although he didn’t understand why the opponent retreated, it was good for him that they turned back. Illac was genuinely terrified of Zhao Hai today. Not to say about the strength of the undead, but the abrupt movements of the formation were formidable as well. To be honest, Illac was quite envious of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai’s command over the undead was something that Illac wanted to have. Being able to command an army as though it was your limb was the pinnacle of a commander’s dream. But that dream would be impossible to achieve. Even if one had the world’s most disciplined army, coordinating them together would still prove to be quite the problem. This made Illac wish that he had an army similar to Zhao Hai.

Illac thought that if he were to have any army like Zhao Hai’s undead, then he would remain undefeated in every battle that he’s in. However, it was a pity that he wasn’t a Dark Mage, he can’t achieve what Zhao Hai had.

At this time, Alex and the others also noticed Zhao Hai’s retreat, so he stooped the reinforcements that was headed towards Illac. However, the recent battle made Alex’s eyes shrink. He thought that if he were in Illac’s place, he still wouldn’t be able to fare better.

At this time, Ao Ke’s voice was heard, “Joshua, can you pinpoint the origin of the other party? This guy is not only good at commanding undead, his formations are also clever. Such people aren’t very good to deal with.”

Joshua forced a smile and said, “I can confirm 100% that the other party is Zhao Hai. Only Zhao Hai can command the undead





the undead to this extent. Other Dark Mages simply aren’t able to do it.”

Alex nodded and said, “Let’s return to the Great Hall and talk.” Then the group returned to the Great Hall. But before they continued on, Alex left a message to a person next to him, “Go call General Illac over to the Great Hall.” The person nodded before turning around to leave.

Before long, the three people have returned to the Great Hall. After taking care of his guests’ seats, Alex turned to Joshua and said, “Bishop, are you really sure that the opponent is Zhao Hai?”

Joshua nodded and said, “I’m sure of it. No other Dark Mage can do what he just did. Even the people from the Calci Family aren’t this proficient. In the entire continent, the most skilled in commanding undead is Zhao Hai. Therefore, I’m pretty sure that the other party is him.”

Alex’s face sank, then he said, “This Zhao Hai is too difficult to deal with. We need to make sure that he gets eliminated here. Otherwise, he would be a bad factor in God’s plans.”

Ao Ke nodded and said, “Right, this Zhao Hai is too fierce. Not only can he command undead, he can also exhibit battle formations. Most importantly, his undeads were very strong, at least 5th or 6th rank in strength. This is too scary. At the same time, he also managed to acquire more corpses before he left. It seems like he can also make undead en masse. Imagine the implications of 1 million 5th or 6th rank warriors on land.”

Joshua nodded and said, “It is indeed scary. This person must be removed. He’s a danger to our plans.”

At this time, Illac came. Alex immediately beckoned him over. Illac gave the three a salute before Alex gave him a seat. Then Alex looked at Illac and said, “Illac, what did you feel when you fought with the opponent? Can you identify their identity?”

Without delay, Illac answered, “Your Majesty, I’m quite sure that the other party is Zhao Hai. Such an army cannot be commanded by a team of Dark Mages.

of Dark Mages. It can only be directed by one person, otherwise, that degree of control couldn’t be achieved.”

Alex nodded, he was now entirely convinced that the opponent is Zhao Hai. Then Alex asked further, “The undead, how strong are they? The opponent’s ability to do formations, how is it?”

Illac replied, “The undead are very strong, about the same as a 5th rank magic beast. As for the formations, they seem quite weak. However, with constant practice, they would definitely be a threat on the battlefield. Your Majesty, this person must be removed. Otherwise, he would be a huge threat to our Sea Dragon tribe.”

Alex’s face completely sank. Illac, Joshua, and Ao Ke reached the same conclusion. With Zhao Hai’s strength, he cannot be allowed to remain alive any longer.

Alex turned his head to Joshua and said, “Bishop, what are your ideas? This Zhao Hai must never leave the sea, we absolutely cannot let him escape.”

Joshua nodded and said, “Naturally, it would be easier to deal with Zhao Hai here. It would be difficult to kill him in the continent. I’ve heard that the Buda Clan has multiple 9th ranks, moreover, this Zhao Hai’s personal strength is quite good as well. Rumors have been circulating in the continent saying that he has a Space Divergent ability. When we deal with him, we absolutely must not let him run away.”

Ao Ke stared, then he frowned and said, “He also has a Space divergent ability? If this is the case, then things just got more troublesome. I have heard that people with that ability is almost always impossible to catch. Their ability to escape is unparalleled under the heavens.”

Joshua nodded, “I know that. So I’m planning on having our church’s relic sent over. This time, no matter the price, we must eliminate Zhao Hai!”

Then Alex said, “Relic? What relic? Can it prevent a person with a Space divergent technique from running away?”

Joshua nodded, “This relic is specifically meant to deal with people who have Space divergent abilities. As long as we have that relic, Zhao Hai certainly cannot run away!”





* * *





Chapter 631 – Lukewarm Elven Race

Envoy Ao Ke frowned and said, “Archbishop, it’s not time for cracking jokes. Is this relic something bestowed by the Gods? Otherwise, how could it possibly freeze space?”

Joshua shook his head and then sighed, “Although this relic wasn’t bestowed by the Gods, it actually held great significance for the Radiant Church. There have been several people with space divergent abilities in the continent before. These people were extremely difficult to deal with. Not only do they possess strong attacking power, but they are also impossible to catch. Every time the Radiant Church encountered these people, we would always take huge losses.”

Ao Ke and Alex nodded, they also understood that space divergent ability users were the most difficult people to deal with. If you offend someone like that, they would do their best to harm you while also having the leverage of being able to escape whenever they wanted. This ability made many people frustrated about space divergent ability users.

Joshua continued, “Then our Church’s 31st Pope came into existence. Not many knew about this, but he was a space divergent ability user himself. Being one of those people, the pope knew that there was no way to study nor pass on such an ability. So he thought of another way, he used his own body to perform experiments. He used both alchemy and magic formations in the whole process. And after years of research, he finally produced a metal element magic formation, this formation can be used to isolate space, making space divergent abilities malfunction. However, this achievement claimed his life. Because of this, the 32nd Pope declared the formation to be one of the Radiant Church’s sacred relics.”

Ao Ke and Alex couldn’t help but reveal shock in their faces. They couldn’t fathom how someone would used their own bodies to perform experiments, all of it for the sole purpose of dealing with space divergent ability users. But after their initial shock, the two of them expressed their heartfelt admiration towards that Pope.

Alex sighed, then he calmed his mood and said, “So there’s actually such a treasure. Then that’s good. As soon as Zhao Hai arrives,





then we would lure him towards this magical formation.” Ao Ke also nodded, “I’ve also sent word back to the clan. The Patriarch would be sending five 9th rank Dragons in order to participate in this war. However, since they would be using dragon beads, their power would be lessened. In the end, the main force in this war would still be the Sea Dragons.”

Joshua nodded and said, “Alright, but you have to know that the range of the formation isn’t very far. Moreover, it can only lock the Space inside it, conventional methods of movements would still remain unhindered. Therefore, if we want to deal with Zhao Hai, then we should be assured of our means.”

Alex nodded, then he turned to Illac and said, “Illac do you have any means to lure Zhao Hai? We’ll set the formation beforehand and then have Zhao Hai lured inside before having him besieged by the experts. This is the only surefire way of dealing with him.”

Illac nodded and said, “This shouldn’t be difficult. After we attack, we could just retreat slowly. Seeing this, I’m quite sure that Zhao Hai would capitalize on the opportunity to do damage. And even if we don’t attack, I can still take the defensive line forward, making Zhao Hai come in before he notices that the formation.”

Alex nodded and said, “Good, I think that we shouldn’t make a move in the following days. Let’s preserve our strength and wait until the Dragons and the Radiant Church’s relic arrives. After that, we’ll deal with Zhao Hai in one go. As long as we can deal with Zhao Hai, the Mermaids would certainly fall shortly after.”

Ao Ke nodded, “Although dealing with the Mermaid Clan isn’t easy, it doesn’t mean that it is impossible. As long as we attract their forces here, the Dragon Clan can dispatch some people and attack Mermaid Island. As soon as that place falls down, we would achieve victory.”

Joshua nodded and said, “Right, then we’ll wait until the sacred relic arrives before dealing with Zhao Hai. In the meantime, we’ll be staying back, defending against further attacks by him.”

Zhao Hai was completely unaware that Joshua and





and the others were already thinking up of ways in order to deal with him. He was currently inside the blade scale whale, discussing with Megan and Lizzy about today’s tactical situation. They had fought for about half a day and had managed to find that their battle formations had weaknesses. However, these weaknesses also meant that there was room for improvement. Because of this, even if Megan and Lizzy hadn’t defeated the enemy, they were still elated about the result.

They kept talking up until they had reached the Mermaid Clan’s defensive line. Upon arriving, Zhao Hai immediately received his undead since he didn’t want to cause any panic among the troops.

Luo Ying and the others were outside the formation, waiting for Zhao Hai to come back. Luo Ying was also somewhat worried, they had even prepared to reinforce him. So when she saw Zhao Hai return, she immediately felt relief.

After inviting Zhao Hai over to the Azure Dragon Snail, Luo Ying looked at him and said, “How was mister Zhao Hai’s trip?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Very good. I managed to get more undead. But more importantly, I also to come across a very interesting thing.”

When Luo Ying heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but ask, “Interesting thing?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Among the Sea Dragons was a person from the Dragon Race as well as an Archbishop of the Radiant Church. Isn’t this very interesting?”

“What!” Luo Ying was in great surprise. “Really? Did mister really see a Dragon and a person from the Radiant Church?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I wouldn’t dare joke about this matter. I did see a Dragon and someone from the Radiant Church. One wore a golden robe while the other wore the clothes of a red robed Archbishop. It seems like the Sea Dragons did indeed have a relationship with the Dragons and the Radiant Church.”

Luo Ying’s face turned ugly, “So it’s like this. The implications of this is very heavy. Mermaid Island is in the surface, completely vulnerable to the attacks of flying Dragons. If they suddenly attack the island, then it would mean great trouble. I have thank mister for this





for this information, I shall immediately pass it over to the Queen.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Aside from this, I really don’t have anything else to say. General, I’ll be heading back first. I think that the Sea Dragons wouldn’t be attacking today. So General doesn’t need to worry.”

Luo Ying nodded, she knew that Zhao Hai must have hit the Sea Dragons very hard this time. They shouldn’t be thinking about attacking right now.

After Zhao Hai returned to the blade scale whale, he immediately used the Space in order to return to Iron Mountain Fort before telling Green the information. He also gave Green a messenger fish and taught him how to use it. After that, he went to Golden Island and relayed the information to Kun, Rockhead, and Blockhead. Then he went to the Dwarf Mountains in order to tell them of the news as well.

Zhao Hai didn’t appear inside the village, but instead, he flashed on the square outside the Divine Palace. There was currently nobody here, so he wouldn’t be noticed, at the same time, this place was also not far from the Dwarf Village.

Not long after Zhao Hai appeared, a Dwarf came. It didn’t take too long for this Dwarf to recognize that their Foreign Elder Zhao Hai has come. So he immediately welcomed him to the village.

Billy was currently setting up for work, so when he found out that Zhao Hai had come he immediately invited him over to his office. After they sat down, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, why did you come? Did something happen?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, and it’s not something trivial. Patriarch, did you know about the relationship between the Dragons and the Divine Race?”

Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Relationship between the Dragons and the Divine Race? What does the two of them had to do with each other? Did the Dragons participate in the war against the Divine Race?”

When Zhao Hai heard Billy he immediately knew that the Dwarves had not recorded the relationship between the Dragons and the Divine Race. Fortunately, Zhao Hai went to the Fishman Race. Otherwise, the wouldn’t have known about

have known about this hidden chess piece of the Divine Race.

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “The Dragons did participate in the war against the Divine Race. However, they weren’t helping the people of the Ark Continent. Instead, they sided with the Divine Race, becoming their running dogs.”

Billy stared, then his face couldn’t help but change as he said, “Really? Where did you get this information? How could the Dragons be the dogs of the Divine Race?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he narrated to Billy his experience with the Fishman race. Billy calmly listened to Zhao Hai, and when Zhao Hai finished Billy said, “I didn’t expect that the Dragons and the Divine Race would have such a relationship. Fortunately, we found out about it. Otherwise, we would certainly suffer losses. What do you plan to do right now?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I want to help the Fishmen deal with the Sea Dragons first. Then after that, I’ll go and try to deal with the Dragons. They needed to be taken care of, them occupying the Accra Mountain is too big of a threat. Accra Mountain houses the magic beast kingdom. If we have them control the magic beasts, then they would become good weapons of the Divine Race come wartime.”

Billy nodded, “If they indeed are people of the Divine Race, then it is right that they get eliminated. High level magic beast have wisdoms no less than us. If Dragons were controlling them, then it would be absolutely bad for us.”

Zhao Hai agreed, then he asked, “How’s the information about the Elves? If there’s nothing, we’ll tell them about this matter. Let’s see how they react to it.”

Billy nodded, then he sighed, “The Elves have always been slow to move, we cannot be anxious about this matter. Right, how are my people? Are they doing well?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “They’re doing great. They’ve already adapted to the environment and had even managed to make new friends. Right, since I’ve already told you about what happened, I need to leave. I still need to head to the Prairie and inform the Beast King about this matter, having him prepare for the future.”





* * *





Chapter 632 – Imperial Water Oyster

The Beast King has been very happy these days. The Beast God’s Spear has been returned to the Beastman Prairie, and for the Beastmen, this was a monumentally important matter. And for the Beast King, having the Beast God’s Spear back would give him advantages in ruling the entire Prairie.

Although the name ‘Beast King’ held power and prestige, the actual authority that it held wasn’t that big. Moreover, the Lion Race was also at the side, waiting. This made the Beast King quite uncomfortable.

But now that their Divine Artifact was back, his prestige has increased. In the past, those huge Warring tribes wouldn’t give him too much face. But now, the situation has been improved. This was also good for his future plans.

The Beast King didn’t dare to tell the other Beastmen about the Divine Race. The Beast King knew that the Beastmen had a flaw. Aside from the Patriarchs of the tribes, the other Beastmen were very simple minded, it was very easy for them to reveal any secrets. The Beastmen were different from the Dwarves. The Dwarves operated inside their mountain, which was structured like a fortress, no Human can simply go in and out of it. Due to this, there was little to no chance of any Dwarf revealing secrets to the outside world.

The Beastmen, on the other hand, was placed in the wide Prairie where Human merchants were free to go in and out, being able to easily contact with the Beastmen. If the Divine Race’s matter was revealed too soon, then the Radiant Church would surely get wind of it.

Because of this, the Beast King’s preparations for dealing with the Divine Race were all held in secrecy, hiding it from the majority of the Beastman population. For this plan to succeed, the Beast King would need the full cooperation of the various big warring tribes. In the past, this was fairly impossible, but now that the Beast God’s Spear is back, the Beast King’s influence has reached its apex, allowing him to carry out his plan.

The Beast King has been in contact with trustworthy Patriarchs of the warring tribes in recent days. He told them about the Divine





Race, making them swear to hold the matter in secrecy before he had them return and prepare.

On this day, the Beast King had just finished doing a task when a guard suddenly gave word. Zhao Hai has come. When the Beast King heard this, he stared for a moment before instructing his people to lead Zhao Hai into his living room.

Zhao Hai’s is the Foreign Prince of the Beastman Race, so it can be said that his position in the Prairie is above the majority of people while his reputation isn’t lower than the Beast King. Since he retrieved the Beast God’s Spear, the Beastmen were very respectful to him. Even his Magic Lily Shop has received good reception by the Beastmen, making its business very good.

This Magic Lily shop was something that was opened by Zhao Hai, and since he was their Foreign Prince, the Beastmen treated him as one of them. The Beastmen knew the value of buying from one’s own people. This made the shop’s business very popular in the entire Prairie.

Fortunately, the Buda Clan has the Markey Family’s business network at their back, so no matter what, they can service all of the Beastmen that came to them. And since Magic Lily shop always did business fairly, it’s reputation soared in the Prairie, which added to Zhao Hai’s prestige.

After being led by a Tiger clansman to the room, the Beast King immediately cleared the room, only leaving Zhao Hai and him behind. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you came, did something happen?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Your Majesty, I came upon something while I was visiting the Fishman Race. There’s a rebellion currently happening in the sea. However, this isn’t so simple. I saw a Dragon and a person from the Radiant Church there. Moreover, I’ve also learned something from the Mermaid clan. The Dragons have participated in the war between the Ark Continent and the Divine Race. However, the Dragons were on the side of the Gods. This made me suspect that the Dragons were aces that the Gods have hidden, preparing all this time to deal with us. If they manage to conquer the seas, then they would





would gain a huge advantage in the future war. And if we add the Radiant Church and the Dragons, we would stand no chance. I’m telling you this because it might be possible that the Dragons would send people here. When I’m done dealing with the matters of the Fishmen, I would immediately go to Accra Mountain in order to cope with those Dragons!”

The Beast King listened intently to Zhao Hai, upon hearing everything, his face couldn’t help but change, “Are you sure? The Dragons claimed to be invincible in the continent, but I don’t think so. I can send some Beastmen to help you. You can also discuss this with the Dwarves and have them send troops as well. Our men would deal with the Dragons first!”

But Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No, the Humans of the Continent are still unaware about the Divine Race. If you suddenly send troops to deal with the Dragons, the Dragons would certainly stop it. At that time, a great war might happen, causing our side some losses. Just preserve your own strength. You can rest assured that I can manage this. You don’t need to worry too much.”

The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai, then he lightly sighed and said,” Alright, but if you need our help, don’t hesitate to send word. We Beastmen are always willing to die for our brothers!”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No need to be uptight about this. Right, Your Majesty, I’ll be heading back to the Fishmen. The war is still going on, I can’t just leave for a long time.”

Then the Beast King personally delivered Zhao Hai outside. Upon seeing Zhao Hai leave, the Beast King couldn’t help but sigh. He suddenly felt helpless deep inside. The Beastmen generally didn’t fear anything, but their enemy this time is just too strong. Even if they are Beastmen, they needed to bear with it patiently. They can only look at Zhao Hai like an outsider as he deals with the Radiant Church and the Dragons. The thought of this made the Beast King feel uncomfortable.

Zhao Hai didn’t think about this, to him, the importance of informing the Beastmen and the Dwarves about the Dragon





the Dragon Race was just to make those two races defend themselves. He wanted them to be safe as much as possible. Dealing with the Dragons isn’t very difficult for Zhao Hai.

When Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he finally let out a sigh of relief. He had finally plugged the leak. He was really afraid that this leak would be exploited by the Dragons.

Nobody in the continent knew about the relationship between the Divine Race and the Dragons. If the Dragons were to attack with the Divine Race, then the Beastmen and the Dwarves would surely be placed in great danger. It was good that he came to the Fismen at this time.

While thinking about this, Zhao Hai entered the Space’s villa. But when he entered, he couldn’t help but stare. He wasn’t expecting the place to be so lively.

When he walked in, Zhao Hai saw Laura, Lizzy and Megan inside, discussing tactics. Naturally, Laura was only giving comments from time to time, the ones who talked a lot were Lizzy and Megan.

Lizzy and Megan both seem to have a natural instinct for strategy. This was something that one is born with, not learned. Once they are able to sense the changes of the battlefield, the two of them would surely become famed generals before long.

Zhao Hai didn’t go and disturb them, he just went to the hot spring underground and soaked in it, relaxing his body and mind. In the past few days, the Divine Race’s matter had made his entire being stiff, making it hard for him to breathe. But what gave Zhao Hai more headache was the fact that the Demon Race still haven’t revealed themselves. Zhao Hai already has some understanding about the Divine Race, but for the Demons, he was entirely clueless. This gave him a huge headache.

After having rested for the rest of the evening. Zhao Hai was invited by Luo Ying to the Azure Dragon Snail the next morning. But Luo Ying wasn’t intending to discuss war with Zhao Hai, she came to look for him for a totally different matter.

When Zhao Hai came to the hall, Luo Ying immediately said, “Mister, please sit down.”

The Luo Ying who was generally cold had suddenly

cold had suddenly turned warm, this made Zhao Hai feel strange. He looked at Luo Ying, puzzled, before he said, “What matter does general want me for?”

Luo Ying smiled faintly and said, “Something good has arrived. The clan had sent me some items to give to Mister.”

Zhao Hai asked, “Something for me? What are they?”

Luo Ying smiled faintly and said, “Take them here.” Then two Mermaids carried two bottles over. The bottles had sand and some aquatic plants in them, but they weren’t relevant. What’s relevant were the actual contents of the bottles. One held a white oyster, while the other had an azure snail.

The white oyster had no patterns on it, it was pure white, the kind of white that would make one stare at it for quite some time. As for the azure snail, it looked just like a snail, nothing was special.

Seeing Zhao Hai’s confused look, Luo Ying couldn’t help but smile and said, “I came to know that mister likes to collect unique lifeforms. This oyster is a special type of being in the sea, we call it Imperial Water Oyster. This oyster can grow a pearl that held some properties. The pearl can increase one’s water element attacks. The bigger the pearl, the better its effect. It’s quite a precious magic beast of the sea.”

Zhao Hai’s face changed into glee as he looked at this common looking oyster. He didn’t think that this little thing would have such good use.

Seeing that Zhao Hai liked the oyster, Luo Ying smiled and then continued, “This snail is actually a young and living Azure Dragon Snail. Young Azure Dragon Snails have yet to form patterns on their shells. Only after ten years would the dragon patterns appear. The more years pass, the more distinct the patterns would become.”

Surprise! This was definitely a surprise for Zhao Hai. He had long yearned for an Azure Dragon Snail, but this snail was a treasure for the Mermaid Clan, so he was too embarrassed to ask for one. And since the snail is too rare, he might not even be able to find one. He wasn’t expecting the Mermaids to gift him one today, this was really a good gift.





* * *





Chapter 633 – Frequent Each Other

For ordinary people, these two things would be impossible to be put into good use. The Imperial Water Oyster would need years before a pearl can be made. And the longer the pearl stays inside the oyster, the better its effect would be. However, the life of a Human can only be so much. When the pearl reaches a formidable level, its owner might have already died.

The same was true for the Azure Dragon Snail. Although the snail had a lot of uses, it would still need several hundred years before it can become good. If one wants to have the same Azure Dragon Snail as the Mermaid clan, then one would still have to wait for a thousand years. Even 9th rank experts couldn’t live for that long, much less average people. It was virtually useless.

But Zhao Hai was different, he has the Space which was going against heaven’s will. So these two marine beings have great use for him. The Space can accelerate growth, so if he placed the Azure Dragon Snail inside, it wouldn’t take too long for it to grow into something formidable. Moreover, he can also produce more Azure Dragon Snails.

There is also the Imperial Water Oyster. It might not be relevant to have one or two, but if this thing can be mass produced, then the situation would become different. This water element treasure was something extremely useful for Water Mages since their attack would become three times stronger. If the pearl gets mass produced and handed over to the Water Mages of the continent, then the overall power of the continent would be increased.

Naturally, since this thing is precious to the Fishman Race, they weren’t able to mass produce it. But it was different for Zhao Hai, if he wanted more, then he would have more. And the oyster would be much different in the Space. The oyster might not produce a pearl in the sea, but in the Space, it was certain that it would make one.

Seeing Zhao Hai’s expression, Luo Ying knew that Zhao Hai was satisfied with the gifts. Luo Ying couldn’t help but appreciate Luo Luo. The information that Luo Luo gave her had become very important.

Zhao Hai received the two





bottles, then he turned to Luo Ying and smiled, “I’ve made the General go through much troubles for me. This one is indeed interested in collecting unique things. I wish to have as many unique marine things as possible.”

Luo Ying smiled and said, “Mister is too polite. I’ve already sent word, making people collect as much unique things as possible. I believe that they would be sending those over in a few days.”

Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “Then I’ll have to thank the general. I’m planning to suppress the Sea Dragons today as well. I also want to see how the Radiant Church and the Dragons respond. What do you think?”

Luo Ying thought for a moment and then said, “Alright, then I’ll have to trouble mister. In two days, the clan’s reinforcements would arrive. When they come, we can do a general attack.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, then I’ll attack the Sea Dragons in the meantime. When your army is completed, then we can attack together. Just take these following days as a break and take a good rest.”

Luo Ying nodded, then she stood up and bowed to Zhao Hai, “Mister’s great kindness towards my Mermaid Clan will not go unremembered. If mister needs something in the future, me and my clan would surely come to your assistance.”

Zhao Hai stood up and laughed, “General is too polite. I’ve only come to help this time because we have a common enemy. What General said made this Zhao Hai blush. If General has nothing else to say, then I shall be taking my leave.”

Luo Ying nodded and then said, “Then I won’t be stopping mister.” Then Zhao Hai gave Luo Ying a salute before turning around to leave. When Zhao Hai left, Luo Ying turned to Luo Luo and said, “Luo Luo, you have contributed greatly this time. It seems like mister really likes to collect strange things. We must collect more things for mister, the sea is near endless, we should be able to find things that he likes.”

Luo Luo smiled and said, “General is too polite. But General, I don’t understand. It takes a lot of effort to collect such things. All of this just for mister’s help?”

Luo Ying smiled faintly and said, “Silly thing, you’re





you’re quite clueless. All this effort is not just a gesture of gratitude towards mister Zhao Hai. You might have heard, the Radiant Church, Dragons, and Sea Dragons have started to work together. I’m afraid the coming of the Divine Race would arrive soon. Mister Zhao Hai is an ally of the Dwarves as well as the Beastmen. He will surely be a central figure in the fight against the Divine Realm. Such a person is worth all of our effort.”

When Luo Luo heard Luo Ying, she stared for a moment before she completely understood. Her face was pale when she asked, “General, will the Divine Realm really invade us?”

Luo Ying sighed and said, “According to the recent developments, the invasion is for certain. The races in the continent would surely suffer a disaster.”

Zhao Hai didn’t know about what Luo Luo and Luo Ying were talking about. After all, he was currently in the Space, staring at the two bottles in his hand. Inspecting them with great curiosity.

Just as the group was staring at the bottle with the Azure Dragon Snail, the Space issued a prompt. It told them that it was possible to rear the two marine magic beasts, this made Zhao Hai feel relieved. At this time, Laura tapped the Azure Dragon Snail’s bottle and said, “Brother Hai, make Cai’er raise this one. When the time comes, we would also have our own Azure Dragon Snail.” The Azure Dragon Snail that Laura meant was naturally the one that Luo Ying was currently using.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and smiled, “How could that be so simple ? The Mermaid Clan’s Azure Dragon Snail had underwent many years of refining. Let’s wait for a few days, then I’ll go and ask whether we can gain access to this Water Refining method. This method is going to be very useful.”

Lizzy didn’t care about this so much, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, let’s go. I want to test my formation on the Sea Dragons today.”

Upon hearing Lizzy, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, “Alright, we’ll be heading to the Sea Dragons in order to practice battle formations.” Then he waved his hand to summon his undead army before they went forward.

Alex and the others have set





have set up their army formation quite early and waited. They knew that since Zhao Hai gained the upper hand yesterday, he would surely come back today. So they decided to not go on the offense, but instead focused on defense.

They were waiting as well, as long as the sacred relic of the Radiant Church arrives along with the Dragon Clan’s experts, Zhao Hai would finally be dealt with. So what they want to do right now was to defend with all they have.

However, Illac had pushed their line of defense forward. This was to prepare for Zhao Hai in the future. Because they had gone forward, when they plan to deal with Zhao Hai in a few days, they can just move the army backwards, making Zhao Hai fall into the center of the magic formation. At that time, he would then be besieged by experts.

Illac was currently sitting inside his huge sea urchin, his eyes focused on the distance. He had a hunch that the enemy would be coming today. And sure enough, a cubic formation slowly appeared. Illac immediately ordered the army to prepare themselves for battle.

The men of Illac’s army didn’t dare to be neglectful this time. They had already experienced the might of Zhao Hai’s undead yesterday. They didn’t expect that they would be placed in such a predicament by those undead.

Zhao Hai was sitting inside the Blade Scale Whale’s body, he looked at the monitor and then said, “Lizzy, Megan, what formations do the two of you want to test today?”

Lizzy smiled and said, “Let me try first. I want the same Demon as yesterday.”

Zhao Hai looked at her and said, “Alright, how does your Demon plan to deal with the enemy?”

Lizzy smiled faintly and said, “Big Brother Hai, the cube formation that the other party was doing today might be very good. But you can see that it has distinct edges and corners. My new Demon formation would look like a big octopus. Combat units on the tentacles of the octopus would attack those edges and corners. Although those places are filled with elite troops, changing their position wouldn’t be very easy for the commander. Making it possible for us to slowly, bit by bit, grind those edges.”

Then Lizzy drew her formation on

her formation on the monitor. Zhao Hai understood what Lizzy wants, she wanted those troops to entangle the cube like an octopus’ tentacle. These troops would then be akin to a file, grinding down on those edges of the cube.

Zhao Hai thought that this formation seemed to be quite interesting. So he nodded and waved his hand, ordering the undead like how Lizzy wanted. Then he sent them out to attack the other party.

Illac was currently in his command center, calmly looking at the enemy. He wanted to know what formations the other party had prepared for him today. To be honest, Illac couldn’t help but feel like he was currently playing chess with the enemy. This feeling was something that had stuck to his mind.

Zhao Hai’s undead quickly arrived at the other party’s cube formation. Then the undead formation suddenly changed, it had sprouted a lot of tentacles, all of which were heading towards Illac’s formation

But Illac was an experienced war General, so he knew what the other party wanted to do. Upon seeing the enemy he immediately commanded, “Change formation, make a ball formation with me as the center.” Then his command got passed through as the formation moved slowly. With Illac as the center, troops were rotating, layer by layer around him.

Lizzy didn’t expect the other side to change formation this quickly. Her Demon formation was highly effective against the cube formation, however, it was unsuitable against the ball formation.

At this time, Megan said, “Good, they turned into a ball. Elder Brother Hai, use my Connecting Thorns in order to deal with them.” After Megan saw how the enemy used the ball formation yesterday, she immediately racked up her brains in order to find a way to deal with it. The method that she had developed was exactly this ‘Connecting Thorns.

This formation is very basic and simple, it was just a bunch of small cone formations lined up with each other. Then this line would oppose the direction that the ball formation was rotating, scratching its surface and breaking some of the enemies off.

Zhao Hai nodded, then he immediately changed the arrangement for the undead. The tentacles shrank as small cone formations appeared, then it went to oppose the spinning motion of the other party’s formation.





* * *





Chapter 634 – The True War

Everyday in the next four days, Zhao Hai had brought his undead to attack the Sea Dragons’ base. Fighting with the Sea Dragons had become a game to Lizzy and Megan. The ideas that they had come up were endless, most of them were something that Zhao Hai wouldn’t have thought of. Seeing the two women being excited made Zhao Hai speechless. He really didn’t expect these two to be this enthusiastic.[1]

In these four days, the Sea Dragons were also very calm. But now, they are ready, the Radiant Church’s sacred relic had arrived. It was a huge magic formation made using seven minor metallic formations . But this formation didn’t have a very large area of operation. The whole formation can only encompass about a thousand square meters. After this area, the effectivity of the formation would largely drop up until it couldn’t suppress space anymore.

This thousand square meter area is not very big, especially to experts like Zhao Hai, they can pass this distance in just a blink of an eye. But if he were to be surrounded in this thousand meter squared area, he would still be in deep trouble.

At this point, the Sea Dragons were only waiting for the experts from the Dragon Clan to arrive. The Radiant Church had also sent four 9th rank experts, with Joshua in the mix, the Church had 5 9th rank experts participating. Besides Ao Ke, the Dragon clan had sent 5 9th rank experts, all in all counting up to six. Finally, the Sea Dragons had their own nine 9th rank experts. Altogether, there were 20 9th rank experts in this operation to deal with Zhao Hai. Because of this, Alex and the others were confident. They believed that Zhao Hai would finally be dealt with.

While the Sea Dragons were preparing, Luo Ying’s side hadn’t been idle either. These days, reinforcements had finally arrived. Right now, their army was numbered nearly 20 million troops.

When Zhao Hai heard this number, he couldn’t help but get startled. 20-million-troop army, what kind of concept was that? Zhao Hai felt that this number





could actually fill the entire ocean.

Luo Ying also prepared to make a move in two days. It can be said that the two sides were already preparing for their war. At the request of Luo Ying, Zhao Hai rested for two days. He didn’t find any trouble with the Sea Dragons since he knew that Luo Ying was preparing to attack them.

When the Sea Dragons saw that Zhao Hai hadn’t come, they couldn’t help but stare. Then they immediately sent someone to check only to see the present Mermaid army.

After knowing about this, Alex immediately took Joshua and Ao Ke to the palace hall as he told them the scout’s report.

After hearing Alex out, Ao Ke couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Alright, then let’s wait for them to get prepared. The opportunity finally came, so while we restrict their army here, the Patriarch would also have people go and attack Mermaid Island. Extinguishing their root in one fell swoop.”

Joshua nodded and said, “The Church shall also help. We must give ruin to Mermaid Island. With the destruction of that place, the enemy’s morale would be low. When the time comes, we can seize the opportunity and counter-attack.”

Alex nodded and said, “Then I’ll be troubling you two. When the experts from the Dragon Clan arrive, we would then be able to deal with Zhao Hai. After that, we can deal with the Mermaids.”

The two nodded, then Joshua said, “We should set the formation up. So when Zhao Hai arrives, we can direct him there and the eliminate him.”

Alex nodded, “Good, I’ll have to ask the Archbishop’s help in arranging the formation. As long as that gets set up, the only thing we will be waiting for would be Zhao Hai’s attack.”

But Ao Ke still knit his brows and said, “The Mermaid army has already been assembled. If they work together, then wouldn’t dealing with Zhao Hai be more difficult?”

Alex smiled faintly and said, “Envoy can rest assured, the love of the Mermaids are quite well known. Even if they had a large army, I think they would still let Zhao Hai and his undead take the





the lead. This is to ensure that they would suffer the least losses. So as long as Zhao Hai takes to the front, our plan can still go through.”

Ao Ke nodded and said, “Alright, then we’ll have to ask the Archbishop to prepare. When my people arrive tomorrow, we shall prepare our ambush. The moment Zhao Hai enters the formation is the moment he gets exterminated.”

Joshua nodded, then he walked out of the hall along with Ao Ke and Alex. The other two wanted to see how this formation was going to be arranged.

Joshua arrived outside, and long with several Sea Dragons, he went towards the battlefield. A couple of days ago, he had already chosen a place not too far from Illac’s army position. The place was in a narrow valley, so if Zhao Hai chases after Illac, he would surely come upon the formation.

After arriving at the place, Joshua made several Fishmen dig seven ditches first; one in the middle and then six on the surrounding area. The ditch wasn’t too deep, only about 2 meters down. Any deeper and it would affect the strength of the formation.

After having dug the holes, Joshua retrieved seven one-meter diameter discs from his space bag. These seven discs were made out of unknown metal, all of them were sparkling and beautiful. Etched on top of them were some mysterious symbols.

Joshua delicately placed the seven discs on each hole, carefully adjusting its angle and direction. After some time, when the discs were adjusted properly, the seven discs had started to give out a faint glow, but faint enough that it couldn’t be easily spotted.

After seeing this, Joshua knew that the magic formation had been placed properly. Then he instructed the Fishmen to carefully bury the discs. After that, the magic formation had already been set.

The next day, the experts from the Dragon Clan had arrived. Ao Ke and the others immediately handed them some water repelling dragon beads. When they prepared for the ambush, the Fishmen also took out a few large shells for them to stay in. These shells were also special products of the sea. Although its





Although its offensive and defensive strength wasn’t very good, it still had the ability to mask the breath of a person. The Fishmen had given this shell the name Stealth Shell. I cannot really make someone stealthy, it just manages to hide a person’s aura.

The stealth shells were placed right next to Joshua’s magic formation. When they became disguised, nobody can see them from the outside anymore.

Since the formation was placed right behind Illac’s army, Luo Ying wasn’t able to spot it. At this time, they were still in preparation, getting ready to deal with the Sea Dragons in one go.

But at this time, Ao Ke and Joshua had also written a letter to tell the Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church about the current situation. The Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church immediately organized a group of experts and had them sent over to Mermaid Island, prepared to eliminate the Mermaid Clan.

Two days after Luo Ying started her preparations, the battle would finally begin. And just as Alex guessed, to Luo Ying had Zhao Hai take the lead with his undead army.

This idea was actually proposed by Zhao Hai, and Luo Ying didn’t object to it. During the days where Zhao Hai was fighting with Illac, the undead in his hand had not reduced. Instead, it had gotten more and more. At this point, the Fishman undead that he had amounted to more than 2 million.

After everything had been prepared, Zhao Hai left with his undead first, then followed by Luo Ying’s army. While sitting inside the Blade Scale Whale and looking at the monitor, Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy and Megan and said, “When the battle starts, I’ll have the two of you take command. What do you think?”

Lizzy turned her head and took a glance at the army that was not too far behind them. Her eyes couldn’t help but turn red from excitement as she said, “Alright, commanding in battles is really fun.”

The similarly excited Megan nodded. When he saw the two, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. Megan and Lizzy had become more and more like generals in the past few days. Their

few days. Their strategies were getting more and more decent compared to their first ones. It had become more impossible for the enemy to break their formations as the flaws have gotten less and less.

The army was getting closer and closer to the Sea Dragons’ defensive line. Adam had also spotted their army, but he didn’t plan to challenge Zhao Hai right now. His purpose was to direct Zhao Hai to the magic formation. Therefore, he immediately ordered his army to slowly retreat.

This was also a normal thing to do. Illac’s men numbered 10 million while Luo Ying had 20 million. With a difference of more than double, it wasn’t a mystery why Illac retreated.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about this as he commanded his undead to go forward. But at this moment, Zhao Hai was suddenly stunned as he turned to Lizzy and said, “Look, right there, aren’t those people?” Then he pointed towards a spot in the monitor.

Lizzy and the others followed Zhao Hai’s finger and saw that nearby Illac’s army were several big shells. In these big shells were people, some were Humans while some were Dragons. Moreover, their strengths seem to be formidable.

Lizzy frowned and said, “Big Brother Hai, what do they intend to do? Do they want to ambush us? They look strong, perhaps 9th rank experts.”

Zhao Hai nodded, but he still didn’t make army stop. He proceeded to advance slowly as the magic formation appeared in the monitor. Lizzy and the others carefully looked at the magic formation, but since they weren’t acquainted with the art, they were puzzled when seeing it.

Zhao Hai was also clueless, at this time, Laura frowned, “Brother Hai, what is this? I can understand them using 9th ranks to deal with us, but a magic formation? What are they planning to do?”

Zhao Hai frowned as well as he looked at the buried magic formation. After a while, he shook his head and said, “I don’t know, but it doesn’t matter. We’ll come to know about it soon.” He said as he still urged his undead to go forward.

I did a double take, it really did just skip xD





* * *





Chapter 635 – Besieged

ZHao Hai knew that informing others about this was impossible. Although these people were 9th rank experts, they were currently inside a shell, with their aura’s completely hidden. Moreover, these shells were also buried under the seabed. If Zhao Hai didn’t have the monitor, then it would be impossible for him to spot these people.

However, Zhao Hai also didn’t understand what this magic formation would do. So to be safe, he had Laura and the others return to the Space. In any case, nothing will happen to him, he can crystallize, making people unable to do damage to him. Moreover, he also has so many undead. Although they have 5th or 6th rank strength right now, all of them can instantly return to being 9th ranks. With these many 9th rank creatures, the enemy’s 9th ranks would be useless.

But Zhao Hai didn’t want to show his cards so easily. He still wanted to see what the other party wanted to do and what effects this magic formation had.

Laura and the others didn’t object to Zhao Hai’s idea to deliver them to the Space. Although they were also 9th rank experts, their experience in battle was very low. At the same time, they also didn’t have Zhao Hai’s crystallization ability. They would only burden Zhao Hai if they chose to remain here.

Zhao Hai commanded his army to move forward as though he didn’t notice the ambush at all. He believed that as soon as he enters the magic formation, the other party would start to attack. He had counted the number of opponents, 20 people, not more not less, 20 people.

Twenty 9th rank experts! Seeing this number made Zhao Hai smile, the enemy surely did regard him very highly. Sending 20 9th ranks just to deal with him was very interesting.

Although Illac was retreating, he made sure that his retreat wasn’t fast. If he went back faster than he wanted, Zhao Hai might stop and send his undead towards him. Illac





managed his army carefully, attracting Zhao Hai closer and closer to the formation. As soon as Zhao Hai enters, then everything would be taken care of.

Zhao Hai sat inside the blade scale whale, in his hand was his Blood Ghost Staff. His two eyes intently staring at the opposing army as he calculated his entry to the magic formation.

The people in ambush were also waiting for Zhao Hai to enter the formation. Time passed by bit by bit as Zhao Hai got closer and closer to their encirclement

Zhao Hai counted in his mind, “Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one,” When the reached ‘one’ he had finally entered the formation.

Sure enough, when he entered the formation, the seabed suddenly moved as 20 shadows appeared from the bottom of the sea. Upon coming out, these people immediately got to work. Some of them were charged with handling the undead while some barrelled towards the blade scale whale.

Zhao Hai also made his move, he received the blade scale whale to the Space and then turned towards the approaching enemies. What made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that the enemy hadn’t used their magic formation yet.

Zhao Hai didn’t know that the formation was already in effect. It’s just that its function was to lock the space, nothing else.

If Zhao Hai really had a space divergent ability, then he would have already felt that his power was suppressed. But unfortunately, Zhao Hai didn’t have such an ability. His Space and the Ark Continent’s space divergent ability were two different things.

Space abilities of the Ark Continent were different, no matter how good it was, it still uses the space of the continent. On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s Space was another thing completely. His Space was inside his body, a variant Space that had no relationship with the Ark Continent. Because of this, the enemy’s magic formation was useless to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai had thought that the purpose of the enemy’s magic formation was





was to attack him, or maybe to suppress his movements. But it looks like the magic formation was not functioning right now, which made Zhao Hai puzzled. He couldn’t understand what this magic formation would do, why did they set this up?

However, the situation didn’t allow him enough time to think. Ninth rank experts were currently throwing themselves towards him. Zhao Hai smiled and then had the undead try to block those people. Zhao Hai didn’t have them show their 9th rank strength, so they were still 5th to 6th ranks, he wasn’t planning on revealing his hand too soon.

Although there were 20 people on the opposing side, these people weren’t a threat to him. So he just wanted to test his strength against these people.

Zhao Hai looked at the enemy, they were composed of Sea Dragons, Dragons, and people from the Radiant Church. This scene made Zhao Hai feel excitement. He really wanted to see how strong these Sea Dragons and Dragons were.

The 5ht to 6th rank undead were unable to block all of the 9th ranks. Faced with the attacks of the enemy, Zhao Hai waved his staff and said, “Condense!”

This ‘Condense’ magic was a basic spell of Water Mages. This magic made all of the surrounding waters solidify, trapping any enemy within it.

One must know that Zhao Hai was now a 9th rank expert, so his ‘Condense’ magic couldn’t just be ignored. If an 8th rank were to receive Zhao Hai’s Condense magic, then that 8th rank wouldn’t be able to move.

The enemy that Zhao Hai was facing right now were 9th rank experts, 6 people at this time. These 6 people were all from the Sea Dragon tribe. The Sea Dragons knew that they were the strongest ones when it came to underwater combat. Although the Dragons and the Humans were also 9th rank, they’re strengths were still suppressed by the sea. Therefore, the Dragons and the Humans became in charge of dealing with the undead while the six Sea Dragon





Sea Dragon experts were going to deal with Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai played along and had his undead bluntly attack. Although the present strengths of these undead were 5ht or 6th rank, they still numbered about 2 million. No matter how fierce one was, even if they were 9th rank, one still couldn’t ignore such numbers.

The six Sea Dragons felt the change of the surrounding waters, but since they were 9th ranks, it only affected them a little. After all, Sea Dragons were experts of Water magic as well. The eyes of the Sea Dragons couldn’t help but turn smug before it was replaced by a cruel expression. They gave a shout before their blue robes turned into blue armor, their head ornaments turned into Dragon helmets, and their gloves became sharp claws.

Zhao Hai stared at what just happened, he just saw clothes that acted as the one that he had, both were clothing that can transform.

Zhao Hai knew that adult Dragons had three transformation. The first one would be their humanoid form, the one where they wore their robes. This form was called Human form by the Dragon race. The second form was their armored state, this was the fighting form of the Dragon race. Moreover, in this form, their strength would be twice their strength on their Human form. The final form is their true body state. This was when they completely become Dragons, of which they can exhibit their full power.

But since Zhao Hai was trapped inside a formation and was unable to escape, he was just akin to a fish in a barrel. Moreover, if they used their true form, the place would get crammed, given how small the area of the formation was. Only two Dragons can attack Zhao Hai each time. Therefore, the Sea Dragons opted to fight using their Armored form.

While Zhao Hai stared, a Sea Dragon rushed towards him. His claws extended as he swung towards Zhao Hai’s head. His entire claw was covered with blue scales which also

scales which also flashed some blue radiance, showing that this attack was a serious one.

Zhao Hai’s hand moved, meeting this attack with a sideways stroke. The Blood Ghost Staff in his hand met the other party’s attack. Zhao Hai didn’t transform the staff into a sword, he struck with the intention of testing the defensive capabilities of the enemy.

The other party wasn’t expecting the Mage Zhao Hai to retaliate with a strong melee attack. He couldn’t block it, so the staff smashed into his chest. The Sea Dragon felt as though his chest was hit with an extremely heavy hammer. His lungs emptied as his body was smashed backwards.

This startled the Sea Dragon, he had actually been injured. He immediately retreated as he took a few breaths and suppressing the blood flowing out of his body. At the same time, the eyes of the Sea Dragon focused entirely on Zhao Hai.

One must know that the bodies of Sea Dragons were very formidable. Zhao Hai’s blow actually damaged the Sea Dragon’s armored body. This was beyond what he had expected, this also made him understand Zhao Hai’s strength.

At this time, the attacks of the other Sea Dragons also arrived. Although all of them were 9th ranks, this was the first time that they had ganged up on one enemy, so their cooperation wasn’t the best. However, they still surrounded Zhao Hai, they absolutely cannot have Zhao Hai leave the formation.

After Zhao Hai’s staff repelled the Sea Dragon, the attack of another Sea Dragon had already arrived. The Sea Dragon shone a blue light as Zhao Hai felt the water around his body turn a lot heavier. Zhao Hai’s eyes flashed, this was ‘Condense’, the same spell that he used just earlier. It seems like the other party wanted him to see how they do the spell.

Then Zhao Hai wielded his staff as black gas appeared all around. This black gas wasn’t the ordinary Dark Mist of the Dark Mages, this was another kind of Dark Magic, Corrosive Mist’.





* * *





Chapter 636 – Fierce Struggle

‘Corrosive Mist’ was one of the most commonly used Dark Mage spell. This magic can be both weak and strong. This spell was mainly dependent on the Dark Mage and on what type of poison he decided to use.

Corrosion magic was like this because it was a kind of growing magic. Magic is divided into low-level, high-level, and forbidden-level magic. And aside from these three classifications, there is also growing magic.

Growing magic is a magic that can be slowly upgraded. Take corrosion for example, when practicing this magic, a Dark Mage would find a certain toxin and then slowly refine it with magic. After that, whenever a Dark Mage uses corrosions magic, it would then have the properties of that toxin.

When a Dark Mage gets into a higher level, he can refine a stronger toxin, making the strength of his corrosion much stronger. The more formidable one’s toxin was, the more powerful the spell would be.

Zhao Hai’s corrosion spell was not simple, the toxin that he used was the one that the Space had. It was strong to the point that it can affect 9th rank experts. Most importantly, it can also become a water element technique. Although it still needed the dark mist, which was a gas, the poison can still diffuse into the water.

When the Sea Dragons entered this mist, their breathing suddenly became difficult, their minds turning dizzy. This startled those who were attacking Zhao Hai. Blue light came out of their bodies as they formed a protective layer around it. However, these experts didn’t expect that Zhao Hai’s spell would also corrode their protective layer. This shook the Sea Dragons, they immediately retreated soon after.

One must know that even ordinary barriers can still remain untouched by 8th ranks as long as it was a 9th rank that used it. But Zhao Hai’s corrosion can actually melt the protection of these 9th ranks. The Sea Dragons couldn’t help but stare at the strength of Zhao Hai’s





‘Corrosive Mist’.

The Sea Dragons might have retreated, but one of them actually stayed. He saw how formidable Zhao Hai’s corrosion was, but he still didn’t go back. Instead, his eyes flashed as blue light reinforced his body before he rushed straight into the mist.

However, when he broke through the mist, he didn’t see Zhao Hai in front of him. The person stared, before suddenly feeling alarms going off inside his head. He had a slight delay but was still able to promptly react as he blocked the attack from above using his trident.

Bang! A resounding sound was heard as the armor on the Sea Dragon’s arm was broken by Zhao Hai’s staff. The Sea Dragon let out a painful roar before he withdrew from the mist.

The scale armor of the Sea Dragons were derived from their own scales. The toughness of Dragon scales was famed throughout the continent. Nobody expected Zhao Hai to be able to crush it.

Dragon armor had many advantages, one of them was the fact that they were harder than most materials, making their defenses very good. However, their flaw was the fact that the scales were part of a Dragon’s own body. So after being crushed, the pain that was brought to them would be much stronger compared to when one’s full body armor gets crushed. Therefore, it wasn’t a mystery as to why the Sea Dragon gave out a cry of pain.

The Sea Dragon was just repelled not killed. And after Zhao Hai hit the arm of the Sea Dragon, another on appeared on top of his has he went to grab the back of Zhao Hai’s head. However, Zhao Hai’s managed to quickly turn his body and blocked the other party’s attack with his fist.

The Sea Dragon got excited, bodies of Dragons were always better compared to Humans. Even if they are both 9th ranks, bodies of Dragons still came on top. For Zhao Hai to use his fist to meet his attack, the Sea Dragon thought that





that Zhao Hai was just courting death.

Although the strength that Zhao Hai showed was quite formidable and revealed that he wasn’t just a Mage, but also a very strong warrior. Still, the Sea Dragon believed that Zhao Hai’s body wasn’t so strong that he can manage to survive this encounter.

However, the Sea Dragon failed to notice that Zhao Hai’s hand had already crystallized. Boom! When claw and fist met, the Sea Dragon cried in pain as he retreated immediately. Moreover, one could see that the Sea Dragon’s fist was oozing out blood. If Dragons didn’t have great bodies, his hand might have already been erased.

After repelling yet another person, Zhao Hai’s figure rushed back into the fight. He flew towards to the recently injured Sea Dragon while also waving his staff, causing a few ice spears to appear and attack the other Sea Dragons.

The Sea Dragon who just retreated didn’t think that Zhao Hai would attack. But since he was a 9th rank expert, his reaction also came quick. He didn’t retreat but instead charged to meet Zhao Hai. His eyes were blazing as he stared at the Human. His two fingers extended as an ice weapon appeared and attacked Zhao Hai. The Sea Dragons had started to use magic in order to deal with Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai saw the Sea Dragons’ movement, however, he didn’t stop his charge and just sidestepped the attack. The Sea Dragon didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would dodge like this. But he still followed up with a horizontal attack towards Zhao Hai’s chest.

However, this Sea Dragon had forgotten about Zhao Hai’s staff. Although the Blood Ghost Staff wasn’t lengthened, it still came up longer in addition to the length of Zhao Hai’s arm. Because of this, Zhao Hai’s attack had come in contact with the Sea Dragon much sooner, Bam! The scale of the Sea Dragon broke as the Sea Dragon felt extreme chest pain. The Sea Dragon preserved his breath, otherwise he might have already fainted.

But since his





since his defense was still strong, he managed to survive Zhao Hai’s attack. His body was repelled back which also took him out of Zhao Hai’s attacking range.

Zhao Hai stood in place, and just as he was about to chase, a Dragon suddenly appeared. This person was different from the Sea Dragons, his body was covered golden armor, a style the same as the Sea Dragon but was thicker. Moreover, in addition to his sharp claws, this Dragon also had sharp protrusions on his two elbows. This made his elbows a good weapon for attack.

The Dragon used his elbow to attack Zhao Hai. The reason this Dragon stopped attacking the undead was because Zhao Hai was about to leave the magic formation. It was imperative to their plan that Zhao Hai stayed inside.

Zhao Hai didn’t know about this, so he was concentrating on meeting the enemy attack. Zhao Hai saw that the enemy attack was quite strong, so he retreated and slammed into a Sea Dragon that was close who, at this time, was on his way to grabbing Zhao Hai’s arm.

Seeing this situation, Zhao Hai waved his staff vertically, hitting the Sea Dragon upwards, blocking the Dragon attack. If the Dragon continued his attack, he would then be hitting the Sea Dragon, which was his ally.

As soon as Zhao Hai stopped, he felt a strong wave of pressure on his head. And behind him, another attack from the Sea Dragons arrived.

Zhao Hai flew down, then the staff on his hand suddenly lit up. One must know that it was very dark at the bottom of the sea, therefore the Sea Dragons had already adapted to the darkness. When Zhao Hai lit the area up, this caused to surrounding Sea Dragons to be blinded, feeling like their eyes were on fire. They gave a grunt as they stopped their attack and then turned back.

Ninth rank experts all have their Divine Sense, making them aware of their surroundings without even needing to see. However, if one was

if one was used to seeing and then were suddenly blinded, one would still have the instinct to retreat. The Sea Dragons were experiencing the exact same thing.

At this moment, another wave of light appeared, but this time, it didn’t come from Zhao Hai, but from the Mages of the Radiant Church instead. The Mages were using light magic in order to attack Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then waved his staff as a Dark Mist appeared and surrounded him. The Dark Mist also began to spread, beginning to swallow the surrounding Sea Dragons.

The light magic of the Radiant Church’s mages disappeared into the mist. People said that light magic was the bane of dark magic, but this statement felt useless to Zhao Hai. Instead, he had just used dark magic in order to fight light magic.

Inside the mist, Zhao Hai fought with the swallowed up Sea Dragons. And due to the corrosive property of the mist, the Sea Dragons were simply unable to fight in their full strength.

However, although the Dark Mist can block sight, it cannot do the same thing to a 9th rank’s Divine Sense. Zhao Hai’s attackers were all 9th ranks, they didn’t need their eyes to know Zhao Hai’s location. So after going through the undead, the 9th ranks immediately bombarded Zhao Hai with both magic and battle qi attacks. They didn’t allow Zhao Hai to continue fighting with the Sea Dragon experts.

At this time, Luo Ying and the others were present, witnessing all that happened. When Luo Ying saw Zhao Hai’s predicament on the water curtain, her face immediately changed. But just as she was about to send help, several people suddenly appeared inside the hall.

Luo Ying stared before seeing that it was Laura’s group. Laura smiled faintly and said, “General, you don’t need to worry about Brother Hai. You can just stay here and watch. Those who are fighting him are all 9th ranks. If you send people over, they will just die. Just let Brother Hai handle the enemy.”





* * *





Chapter 637 – Sacrificial Offering

Luo Ying stared at the eyes of Laura and the others. The Mermaids had some understanding about Zhao Hai. He was famous in the continent for his dark magic and the Mermaids have also heard that the Buda Clan possessed numerous 9th rank experts. However, nobody had heard that Zhao Hai was a 9th rank expert himself.

Having said that, even if Zhao Hai was a 9th rank expert, he was still against numerous people of the same strength. In this case, how could Zhao Hai’s group be confident? Where did this confidence come from?

But seeing that Laura and the others were unworried, Luo Ying couldn’t help but hesitate. Can Zhao Hai really deal with so many 9th ranks on his own?

Luo Ying stared at Laura, Laura understood what Luo Ying was thinking, so she smiled faintly and said, “General, rest assured, even if Brother Hai can’t kill them, he can just escape whenever he can. There’s no need to worry.”

Luo Ying nodded and said, “Alright, then we’ll keep our eyes on Mister. If Mister needs help, we can send them at any time. My Azure Dragon Snail can deal with several 9th ranks with no problems.”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “General, rest assured, if such a time arrives then we’ll be impolite. General, we’ll be taking our leave.” Then the group vanished.

Luo Ying was stunned at what just happened, her expression couldn’t help but change. She thought and reckoned that Laura and the others might also have Space divergent abilities.

Luo Ying knew about the rumors of Zhao Hai having a space divergent ability. However, she hasn’t heard anything about Laura and the others having it as well. It seems like Zhao Hai has a lot of things that he kept secret from the continent.

Luo Luo looked at the place where Laura and the other vanished, then she said, “I’ve been with them for a good number of days. I didn’t expect them to be this formidable.”

Luo Ying smiled faintly and said, “Silly thing, if they don’t want you to





know then there’s no way for you to find out. I think they revealed themselves this time because they wanted us to feel at ease, otherwise, they wouldn’t have shown us their ability. It seems like Mister Zhao Hai has the capabilities to deal with the enemies this time.”

Then Dashan, who was at the side, said, “General, the Sea Dragons have accumulated a lot of 9th ranks. This might place us in a dangerous predicament, I think we should send word to Her Majesty, have her send a few 9th ranks to aid us.”

Luo Ying shook her head and said, “That’s no good. Don’t see our situation as dangerous. In fact, it is Her Majesty that’s in peril right now. You might not have seen it, but the current situation stemmed from the fact that the Sea Dragons wanted to deal with Mister Zhao Hai first before stalling us here, having us ask for help from Her Majesty. And when Her Majesty sends help, the Dragons would then have the opportunity to attack Mermaid Island.”

Dashan stared for a moment before his expression changed, “Then Her Majesty is in danger. General, don’t we have to send word back to the island?”

Luo Ying shook her head, “I don’t think it’s necessary, you don’t have to worry about it. When I told Her Majesty that the Sea Dragons and the Dragons were working together, she should’ve already prepared her defenses.”

Dashan nodded and didn’t talk anymore. Then Luo Ying turned her gaze back to the water curtain. Zhao Hai didn’t know this, but this water curtain wasn’t any ordinary magic, but a kind of magic unique only to the Azure Dragon Snail. After refining this thousand year old snail for countless years, it managed to gain this ability. Luo Ying named this curtain the ‘War Curtain’.

Once they left the Azure Dragon Snail, it would be impossible for the Mermaids to use this magic again. If Zhao Hai showed Luo Ying his monitor, Luo Ying would surely be surprised.

Luo Ying’s gaze turned to the water curtain just in time





time to see a scene that made him surprised. Zhao Hai was now fighting with the Sea Dragons once again, but now he seems to be having the advantage.

Zhao Hai’s magic prowess was now in full bloom, he used all kinds of magic, including fire magic. Even if fire was heavily affected by the water, Zhao Hai still managed to use it, moreover, its power was also quite strong.

In addition, Zhao Hai had close combat ability that was much stronger than the Dragons due to his body being able to crystallize. Therefore, although he was besieged, he still managed to dominate.

Luo Ying stared blankly at the water curtain, she didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this strong. She saw with her own two eyes how Zhao Hai hit a Dragon and managing to repel the latter. This made Luo Ying speechless, making her doubt if those were real Dragons at all.

At this point, the Sea Dragons were much more surprised than Luo Ying. They also didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this strong.

Zhao Hai’s current mood was very good, the blood inside his body was burning. He didn’t know that fighting actually felt this good.

He was now getting acquainted to fighting more and more, he seems to be born to fight. This wonderful feeling made Zhao Hai crave fighting even more.

But the extraordinary thing about this was the fact that even if his blood was boiling with excitement, his mind stayed calm, allowing him to always react to the attacks of the enemy and counter them. This unusual and contradictory feeling made Zhao Hai even more excited.

On the other hand, the people from the Sea Dragon side were getting startled more and more. In the past, they had heard about Zhao Hai’s clashes with the Radiant Church, but now, they seem to understand that Zhao Hai was much more difficult to deal with than they had thought.

The Sea Dragons and Dragons didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this fierce. Moreover, they didn’t think that he would have the body that wasn’t any worse than a





than a Dragon. Their initial expectation of Zhao Hai being a mage was crushed at this point. This huge discrepancy from their imagination made them startled.

The thing that the Sea Dragons and the Dragons failed to notice was the people of the Radiant Church going outside of the formation, surrounding the two as well. Then these people took out a set of magic formations and placed them on the ground. After that, they shackled their bodies to the formation as they took a knife and slit their wrists. Blood immediately spurted out and fell on the magic formation. Then these people started to loudly recite magic incantations, and it seemed like this process would take a long time.

But along with their incantation, a layer of barrier slowly rose from those magic formations and surrounded not only the Dragons, but the Sea Dragons as well. Even the people from the Radiant Church were enclosed, including Joshua.

When they saw this barrier, Alex and Ao Ke stared before they stopped and turned their gaze towards Joshua. Alex loudly said, “Joshua! What are you doing?!”

Joshua’s mouth didn’t stop saying the incantations, the barrier slowly turned white as its pressure became stronger and stronger. This was not true pressure, but a kind of force that pressed down on Zhao Hai like a mountain.

Ao Ke loudly shouted as well, “Joshua! What do you want to do?”

Joshua had finished saying his spell. So he looked at him and said, “I said that Zhao Hai must fall here at all costs. This is a magical formation called ‘Sacrificial Offering’. You guys along with me will be sacrificed and no one can escape. All of us will be dedicated to God today.”

Ao Ke’s face couldn’t help but change, “Joshua, don’t talk nonsense. If you do this, the Dragons certainly wouldn’t let you off.”

Joshua coldly smiled and said, “Your Dragon race is the servant of our Radiant Church’s God. For the sake of God’s purpose, it’s understandable that you are to become a sacrifice. Everybody here will die, and the Dragons wouldn’t be aware of how

aware of how you died.”

Zhao Hai codly smiled and said, “Didn’t you try dealing with me with this method last time? I seem to remember that it failed. If I leave right now, all of you will die while I survive.”

Joshua sneered and said, “The last time only had a few people, we have a lot more this time. And Zhao Hai, where you are right now is a magic formation that locks the space. You wouldn’t be able to use your space ability even if you wanted to. It’ll become useless.”

Zhao Hai’s expression changed before it turned into bewilderment. This was because he can feel that he hasn’t lost contact with his Space. This meant that the Radiant Church’s formation was useless.

Alex and Ao Ke’s expressions changed as well. They didn’t expect Joshua to be this ruthless, even sacrificing everyone here, including his own.

At this moment, Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “Now that your magic has been set, this meant that you people aren’t able to move anymore. I won’t be overstaying then, everyone, goodbye.” Then his body flashed as he disappeared only to reappear outside the barrier.

When Joshua saw Zhao Hai appear outside the formation, his expression couldn’t help but change as he turned into a maniac and said, “This is impossible, how can you leave? This is impossible! Our magic formation has been set. This is impossible!!! Zhao Hai come back here!!!”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he looked at Joshua and sneered, “This thing is useless to me. If I want to come in, then I can come in. If I want to leave, then I can leave whenever I want. You simply don’t have the ability to block me. Hehe. The ‘Sacrificial Offering’ is about to start. All of you are going to die.” Then Zhao Hai turned around to leave.

At this time, Alex suddenly shouted, “Mister, wait!”

Zhao Hai stared, then he turned his head to Alex and said, “A Sea Dragon? What do you want? Also want me to come back in? It’s useless. I can leave whenever I want.”





* * *





Chapter 638 – Resolution of the Sea Dragons

Alex shook his head and said, “No, Mister has misunderstood. I want to ask Mister to help us exit this place.”

Zhao Hai looked at Alex, then he sneered and said, “And why would I help you exit? You go and wait for your death here.” Then Joshua’s magic was completed. A strange pattern that looks like the sun appeared on top of the barrier, with lines connecting to Joshua’s magic formation. Then some crept towards Joshua as his body lost moisture, becoming very dry. After that, his body withered as as sprinkled towards the seabed.

Joshua and the others disappeared, however, in their original position were several balls of light. Then as if sensing other lives, the balls extended some yellow lines towards the Dragons and the Sea Dragon experts.

Seeing this situation, Alex immediately went to the barrier and talked loudly to Zhao Hai, “Mister, please help us. Our Sea Dragon Race will forever submit to you!”

Zhao Hai stared, his figure vanished from the barrier along with Alex and the others. There was no question that Alex had been taken out of the barrier by Zhao Hai.

Just as Alex and the others came out of the barrier, the barrier suddenly left a dazzling golden light before it turned violent. Ao Ke and his men had forever vanished inside the barrier, everything inside has turned into ash.The Radiant Church’s formation disk had similarly vanished as well. A huge depression appeared on the seabed and when the light vanished, seawater immediately filled it in.

Although Zhao Hai had taken Alex and the others out of the barrier, Alex and the others’ bodies were still tied down by vines. No matter how the Sea Dragon experts struggle, they actually cannot break it. This vine had extraordinarily strong tenacity.

Naturally, they can’t break it, these vines were from Cai’er. Cai’er had the strength of a God, the 9th rank Sea Dragons couldn’t stand a chance.

Zhao Hai looked at Alex and said, “Are you saying the





truth? Will the Sea Dragons really submit to me? If you dare lie to me, I will kill you right now.”

Alex didn’t struggle, he looked at Zhao Hai and smiled bitterly, “I won’t dare deceive Mister. Mister’s abilities are exceptionally high. We Sea Dragons simply didn’t have the courage to lie to you. I’ll be candid to Mister, our Sea Dragon Clan had never been part of the Dragon Clan. The reason why we cooperated with the Dragons and the Radiant Church was because we only want our Clan to be stronger. But if we are all killed here, we would be losing all of our 9th rank experts. At that time, the Sea Dragons would surely be destroyed by the Mermaids. So I ask Mister to help us.”

Zhao Hai looked at Alex, the latter seems to be telling the truth. To be honest, Zhao Hai admired the strengths of these Sea Dragons. If he can put the Sea Dragons to good use, then it would be a good thing.

Seeing that Zhao Hai has not spoken, Alex couldn’t help but get flustered, he quickly said, “Mister, please believe me. I am willing to make a Blood Oath. I’ll give you my loyalty forever. Our Sea Dragons will forever be loyal to you.”

Zhao Hai looked at Alex, then with a serious voice he said, “Good, as long as you swear by Blood Oath, then I will let you go. But your Sea Dragon Clan couldn’t live in the seas any longer. I will take you to another place where you shall live.”

Alex stared, he lowered his head and said, “Yes, Mister.” Then Alex bit his own tongue and performed a Blood Oath. Then Zhao Hai released the Sea Dragons. The other experts looked at Alex and didn’t speak. Alex sighed as he turned his head and said, “Mister, please give us two days. After two days, our whole clan would be concentrated on Dragon Palace. We shall be waiting for Mister there.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright,





“Alright, I’ll give you two days. If you dare violate your pledge in this two days, then don’t blame me for being impolite.” Then Zhao Hai’s figure vanished.

After Zhao Hai left, a Sea Dragon approached Alex and said, “Patriarch, will we really submit to this Zhao Hai?”

Alex sighed, “We don’t have any choice other than to submit. Don’t forget about our present situation. Those Radiant Church fellows are surely a group of lunatics. But I believe that it would be impossible for them to succeed with Zhao Hai as their enemy. Even if the Divine Race were to descend, I still think that they wouldn’t have any way of getting their hands on Mister Zhao Hai. You might not have noticed, Joshua had mentioned the Divine Race a couple of times, but Zhao Hai’s expression didn’t even change a bit. I believe that Zhao Hai might have already known about this a long time ago. Also, haven’t you noticed his current prominence in the continent?”

Just as Alex’s voice fell, the Sea Dragons stared for a moment, then one of them said, “Patriarch, you saying that Mister Zhao Hai’s relationship with the other races was a cooperation for resisting the Divine Race?”

Alex sighed, “I’m almost certain about this. Don’t forget how good Mister Zhao Hai’s relationship with these races are. He had met with the Dwarves, become the Crown Prince of the Beastmen, and now he is helping the Fishmen. Doesn’t this explain the issue? One must know that these races were the same races that had participated in the last war with the Divine Race. Although those races had close to no relationships right now, Zhao Hai had become their middle man.”

The people here were 9th rank experts, so they were aware of the matters that Alex was talking about. The suddenly understood what Alex was thinking. If Zhao Hai could unite the races, then they wouldn’t be powerless against the Divine Race. Didn’t they just repel the Divine Race last time?”

Alex looked at his clansmen and





clansmen and said, “From what just happened, we can see that the Divine Race doesn’t treat us as people, but as puppets instead. In their eyes, we are less than servants, we are slaves, people who they could just sacrifice whenever they want. Letting such people rule us meant that we won’t have a good future. It was better to rely on Mister Zhao Hai and join them in resisting the Divine Race. Even if we were to die, we can still hold our heads up high and fight proudly instead of giving up our dignity as Dragons and becoming slaves to the Divine Race!”

After Alex said this, the bodies of the Sea Dragons couldn’t help but shake. Dragons have their own pride, their own dignity, so they only submit to those stronger than them. But if they do submit, they still must receive the appropriate respect and not work as a slave for another person. Alex’s words just touched the deepest recesses of their minds.

Alex looked at them and said, “The reason why we cooperated with the Dragons and the Radiant Church was first, because we are a branch of the Dragon Clan, so it wouldn’t be great for us if we decline. Second, because of the Divine Race, since our ancestors were once their servants. Third, we want to use this opportunity to expand our race, making the Sea Dragon Clan replace the Mermaids and becoming the ruling power of the sea. But it seems like that point will remain impossible. With Zhao Hai’s help, the Mermaids would always hold the upper hand. At the same time, the Divine Race simply doesn’t treat us as people, and only sees us as ants. We don’t need to help them if we are only going to discard our dignity as Dragons. We can submit to Zhao Hai and hope that he doesn’t treat us as trash. But if he does, our family will fight him until all of us perishes. The Dragons of the continent had forgotten their

had forgotten their pride. Now, they have become brainwashed by the Radiant Church, just like Joshua. But we aren’t them, so we can go and have our own way.

The other Sea Dragons nodded, then Alex turned his head and said, “Go and return to your own families, move the clansmen to the Dragon Palace. In two days time, let’s see how Zhao Hai will treat us. If he respects us, then we’ll submit to him. But if he doesn’t, then our clan will just fight him until we die!”

The other Sea Dragons loudly shouted before they left. Alex turned and headed back to Dragon Palace. When he entered the palace, he immediately summoned Illac back. Since Illac was the commander of the army, he wasn’t able to participate in the battle against Zhao Hai. He didn’t know about what happened, only the massive amount of energy that eliminated the Radiant Church people and the Dragons. What Illac saw was Alex saying a few words to Zhao Hai and then to the other Sea Dragons before they all left. This made Illac sense that something was going on.

While Alex was sitting in the hall, Illac walkedin. Alex looked at Illac, he waved his hand and said, “Sit.”

Illac gace Alex a salute, then he took the seat closest to Alex. Then Alex looked at Illac and said, “Illac, you are the smartest person in our clan. Did you manage to see what is going on?”

Illac looked at Alex, then as though he was not sure, he said, “I thought about something, but I really am not sure if I’m right.”

Alex nodded, “Tell me.”

Then Illac said, “According to what I just saw, the Radiant Church had used some type of self destruct magic, intending to perish together with Zhao Hai. But their anti-space magic formation had become useless to Zhao Hai. Since Zhao Hai can run away at any time, and Patriarch is afraid that the Clan would perish. The Patriarch had reached some sort of agreement with Zhao Hai.”





* * *





Chapter 639 – Two Days

Upon hearing Illac, Alex couldn’t help but let out along breath, “It looks like training you to become the next Patriarch didn’t go to waste. You’re really smart, Illac. The agreement we came up with is submission. If we don’t submit to Zhao Hai, how else would be save us? You have guessed right.”

Illac looked at Alex and said, “Patriarch, did the Radiant Church really self-destruct? Did they eliminate everyone inside?”

Alex’s face couldn’t help but change, “It’s not self destruct magic, it’s ‘Sacrificial Offering’. If not for Zhao Hai, we would’ve become part of that sacrifice.”

Illac’s face turned complex, then he said, “Does Patriarch want to fight the Divine Race with Zhao Hai?’

Alex looked at Illac, he knew that Illac had already guessed the gist of the matter. Speaking to a smart person really is very convenient. He nodded and said, “It’s better to die in battle rather than living without dignity. Wasn’t this our Dragon Race’s pledge?”

Illac’s face looked a little bit better. He stood up and gave a salute to Alex, “I’m going to disband the army. The sharks had always been our followers, i will make things clear to them. I believe that the Mermaid wouldn’t be too harsh on them.”

Alex looked at Illac and said, “Good, if nobody dies this time and our clan continues to survive, the next Patriarch would be you.” Illac held a happy expression, then he gave Alex another salute before turning back to leave.

At this time, Zhao Hai was currently inside the Blade Scale Whale, looking at Alex in the monitor. Laura and the others were sitting by Zhao Hai’s side. When Illac left the hall, Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, it seems like everything is done.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Let’s go see General Luo Ying.” Then Zhao Hai commanded the Blade Scale Whale to head towards the Azure Dragon Snail and arriving at the hall.

The water curtain was already gone and Luo Ying was waiting for Zhao Hai anxiously. She didn’t know whether Zhao Hai survived or not. When the Radiant Church used their magic, the image in the water curtain suddenly turned incomprehensible. Because of





the magic, the image became muddy, and it became impossible for Luo Ying to investigate. The only thing she could do was wait.

Although she was confident in Zhao Hai, she was still extremely worried. This was because this fight was too important. If Zhao Hai suffers an accident, it would not only affect the Mermaid Clan, but also the future war against the Divine Race. If Zhao Hai falls, then the Mermaid Clan would become criminals in the eyes of the other races in the continent.

At this time, Zhao Hai had brought Laura and the others to the Hall. Luo Ying couldn’t help but relax. She immediately asked Zhao Hai to sit down and said, “Mister, what happened? I was worried to death!”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “General can rest assured, everything is alright. I’ll have the general to ask the army to hold for two days. After two days, everything will be clear.”

Luo Ying looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What does Mister mean?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Two days later, everything will go back to normal. General can be relieved, the Sea Dragons would not attack anymore. Moreover, their army might also disband in these two days. After that, I’ll have to leave the work of quelling the remnants of the rebellion to the General’s hands.”

Luo Ying gawked, then her two eyes flashed, she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Is Mister telling the truth?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I didn’t lie. I also ask the General to prepare. It’s possible that the Shark Tribe might be a little troublesome.”

Luo Ying looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister can rest assured, I shall wait for two days. Then after that, I’ll see for myself what you mean.”

Zhao Hai stood up, then he bowed to Luo Ying and said, “Then I’ll have to thank the General for your trust. I;m quite tired, so I’ll go back and rest first. After two days, the General shall get your answers. The only thing that I can guarantee to the General is the fact that you won’t be seeing Sea Dragons in the sea in the future.”

Luo Ying stared, she couldn’t understand what Zhao hai said,





said, “Mister’s meaning is?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Everything will be clear in two days.” Then he lead Laura and the others to leave.

Seeing Zhao Hai’s departing back, Luo Ying was utterly confused. She frowned and then muttered, “Two days later? What would happen in two days? I’m becoming more and more curious now.”

After Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space, they opened the monitor and looked at the situation of the Sea Dragon Clan. Zhao Hai was able to peer through the Sea Dragons’ situation at a far place because when he talked to Alex, he had also placed his staff down in Dragon Palace in order to monitor the area more clearly.

The Sea Dragons had now truly dissolved their army. In fact, most of the people from the Sea Dragon Army wasn’t willing to fight in this battle. But due to the strength of the Sea Dragons, they had no other choice but to participate. Now that the Sea Dragons had disbanded their army, these people immediately turned around and ran.

However, the sole trouble came from the Shark Tribe. The Sharks were extremely willing to join the Sea Dragons in this rebellion. This was because they also want to use this opportunity to enhance their status in the sea. Therefore, when the Sea Dragons decided to end everything, the Sharks immediately expressed their refusal.

But the Sea Dragons had a different mindset right not, they didn’t have their initial ambition. They knew that if they go on with the battle, it would be impossible for them to continue. So they disbanded their army, so that the Mermaids wouldn’t be hard on the other tribes.

The Shark Clan was extremely unwilling, they were adamant on killing the Mermaid Clan. They wanted to replace the position that the Whale tribe held. However, the Sea Dragons had started to lose heart, which was something that the Sharks didn’t want to happen.

At this time, the Sea Dragons became impolite. The Sharks certainly have ambition, but they don’t have the strength. If the Sea Dragons allow the Sharks to continue, then the Fishman Race would be placed into further turmoil. And this situation would affect their future fight with





fight with the Divine Race.

On the minds of the Sea Dragons, since they were now fighting the Divine Race, then they would have to preserve all the resources necessary to resist the descending gods. Whether they were killed or not, they had sworn their allegiance to Zhao Hai, so the ambition of the Sharks must be extinguished. After all, this wild tribe was brought up by them.

Illac already thought that the Sharks would cause a ruckus once he announced the dissolution of the army. Therefore, Illac led an army of Sea Dragons to kill. The Sharks were totally not the Sea Dragons’ match. The Sea Dragons took the lead in extinguishing the Shark tribe. The remaining Sharks were those who were initially honest. Therefore, the image in Zhao Hai’s mind didn’t appear.

Zhao Hai didn’t think that Illac would be able to handle things this easily. He didn’t even give the Sharks the chance to cause trouble. This made Zhao Hai look into Illac more. Illac had been their opponent, and it seems like Illac wasn’t someone simple.[1]

Seeing that the matters in the Sea Dragon side had been solved, Zhao Hai felt relief. Then he adjusted his monitor to see the situation back at Mermaid Island. Zhao Hai didn’t know when the Dragons would go and attack the island.

When the monitor changed, ZHao Hai saw that everything was normal. There weren’t any signs of a fight. It seems like the Dragons had yet to make their move.

However, Zhao Hai can also notice some difference in the place. The leisurely mermaids on the island can no longer be seen. What replaced them were Mermaids who wore armor, fully prepared for the battle ahead. There were also other 9th rank Fishmen present. It also looks like the 9th ranks at the Azure Dragon Snail had also returned to the surface. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel relief upon seeing how prepared the Mermaids were. Even if the Dragons were to attack, they surely wouldn’t be able to affect the situation in the sea.

Seeing no developments in Mermaid Island, Zhao Hai turned his vision to the Dragon Clan. To be honest, Zhao Hai liked the look of Dragon Palace. It was a

It was a naturally occurring coral reef, this reef should also be considered to be quite a treasure.

Additionally, Zhao Hai also took a liking to the Sea Dragons. The Sea Dragons were the beings that were closest in appearance to a Chinese dragon. This made Zhao Hai regard the Sea Dragons very much. Therefore, he decided that since Dragon Palace was their home, he wouldn’t be taking it away from them.

Zhao Hai was prepared to arrange the Sea Dragons to the Space. The Sea Dragons were also some type of magic beast whose strengths were formidable. If they go to the Space, then it might be possible for them to turn loyal towards Zhao Hai.

At the same time, Zhao Hai had also found appreciation towards the guts of the Sea Dragons. Sea Dragons were people who would rather die than lose their dignity, such people were worthy of respect.

Two days passed in a blink of an eye. Luo Ying had also been holding back her troops all this time. But she also knew that there wouldn’t be any huge fights going on. After all, the Sea Dragons had already dissolved their army. They would just wait until Zhao Hai gives them word, then they can go to the other Fishmen and had them go back under the rule of the Mermaid Clan.

At the same time, Sea Dragons had also been arriving at Dragon Palace. The Dragon Palace was their main residence, so not many people went too far from it. But since they were going to battle, the young and old people had stayed back. This time, their entire Clan had gathered.

The main residence of the Sea Dragons was initially Dragon Island. They have been living at that place for many years. But ever since they had found the Dragon Palace’s reef, Dragon Island had only become their root. This time, they abandoned their root and gathered to Dragon Palace. The Sea Dragons weren’t many, only about 10 thousand people. Naturally, these 10 thousand people were all pure Sea Dragons. They also had near 100 thousand Lesser Dragon Race people, which also joined the move.

Of course he isn’t simple. You’re just using an OP army xD





* * *





Chapter 640 – Attitude

Alex told his clansmen about the situation, they truly are worthy to be Dragons. The people of this clan did indeed have hard bones. After listening to Alex, it didn’t matter whether they were old or young, nobody in the hall flinched. Everyone was in one mind, not one of them wanted to work as a slave.

Zhao Hai saw the response of the Sea Dragons while he was inside the Space. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile over the two days, he was liking these Sea Dragons more and more.

Upon seeing that the Sea Dragons have arrived, Zhao Hai knew that it was time to show himself. He didn’t use his Space and just used his Blade Scale Whale to head towards Dragon Palace.

Dragon Palace was currently surrounded by Sea Dragons as well as their lesser relatives. Although they had less strength than the Sea Dragons, these Lesser Dragons still had the blood of Dragons within them. Their strength was still quite formidable.

These Lesser Dragons were guarding the surroundings of the Dragon Palace. All of them looked at Zhao Hai with discerning eyes. These people were absolutely loyal to Dragons. Even though they weren’t Dragons themselves, they were still descended from them. Among the Sea Dragons were their parents, so how could they betray them?

Even if their status wasn’t high in the Sea Dragon Clan, they were still representatives of the clan to the other tribes. No other tribe would dare move them. Moreover, whenever the Sea Dragons need anything, the ones who would act would be these Lesser Dragons. This stemmed an interdependent relationship between the two of them. Although most of them were the children of two Lesser Dragon parents, they still couldn’t let go of their relationship with the Dragon Race.

These Dragons held their word with extreme importance. Once they said that they would submit to Zhao Hai, then they would submit to Zhao Hai. However, if Zhao Hai treats them like a slave, then these Sea Dragons would surely fight even at the risk of their life.

Therefore, these Lesser Dragons were quite hostile to Zhao Hai. They





wanted to know how Zhao Hai plans to treat them.

Zhao Hai’s Blade Scale Whale arrived at Dragon Palace. Since there was no water inside the Palace, Zhao Hai stopped his whale right outside of the place. Then he took Laura and the others to see the people waiting inside. All of the Sea Dragons were currently looking at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t dare become arrogant, he bowed to the people and said, “Zhao Hai Buda requests an audience with the Patriarch of the Sea Dragon Clan.”

The Sea Dragons gawked at Zhao Hai’s manners. Their face changed, but one of them said, “We have met Mister Zhao Hai. We have been sent by the Patriarch to welcome Mister.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then I’ll have to trouble everyone.’ Then he walked towards the hall with the others. Zhao Hai’s attitude was seen by all the Sea Dragons as well as the Lesser Dragons. Seeing Zhao Hai’s manners, they couldn’t help but change their view of him by a little bit.

Alex had told them about how powerful Zhao Hai was. He also told them that if Zhao Hai didn’t have a bad attitude, he wouldn’t have been worried that they would be humiliated. However, he was desperate at that time so he didn’t have any choice. Because of this, their expectations of Zhao Hai was different that what he was showing right now. This made the Sea Dragons and the Lesser Dragons very surprised.

Zhao Hai didn’t care about any of these as he arrived inside the hall along with the group of Sea Dragons. The coral was very huge and had underwent a lot of renovations by the Sea Dragons. There were many palaces inside the entire Dragon Palace and they held no difference compared to the palaces in the continent, it might even be more beautiful compared to those. The palaces of the continent didn’t have as much pearls and crystals as those inside Dragon Palace.

Zhao Hai followed the Sea Dragons towards the Dragon Temple inside the Palace. This Dragon Temple was the largest hall inside the Dragon palace. It was also





also the place where Alex and the elders decided to greet their guest. Usually, Alex wouldn’t be here, he would only be inside his palace.

Before the entrance of the hall, two Sea Dragons stood guard. When the two saw Zhao Hai arrive along with the other Sea Dragons, both of them announced, “Mister Zhao Hai has arrived!”

Then the two turned their heads to Zhao Hai and bowed, “We invite Mister Zhao Hai to enter.” Then they shoved the door of the Great Hall open. Zhao Hai expressed his gratitude to the two before leading Laura and the others towards the hall.

As soon as he arrived inside the Hall, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. There were a lot of people inside the hall, some of these were elder Sea Dragons while some were 9th rank experts of the Sea Dragons. It can be seen that the people present here didn’t have ordinary status.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he took several steps forward before bowing to Alex, who was currently on a high platform, and said, “Zhao Hai has seen Patriarch Alex.”

Alex gawked at Zhao Hai’s attitude, he returned the bow and said, “We welcome Mister Zhao Hai. Mister, the entire Clan is already here. I don’t know how Mister plans to deal with us.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Sea Dragons and the Mermaids wouldn’t be harmonious after this. I’m afraid that the Sea Dragons don’t have a place in the seas anymore. I have my own place which also has a sea. That place didn’t have any Fishman in it, only a few marine magic beasts. I want to move the Sea Dragons to that place. What does Patriarch think about this?”

After hearing Zhao Hai speak, the hall immediately turned into a sea of murmurs. These Sea Dragons have lived in this sea for generations. And they were also clear that this endless sea was the only large sea in the entire Ark Continent. They had not heard of any seas that didn’t have a Fishman tribe and only having marine magic beasts.

Alex frowned as he looked at Zhao Hai, “Mister, are you joking





you joking with me? I don’t think there’s such a place in this world. If there is really such a place, then we’ll be extremely willing to move.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then, I’ll have to ask the Patriarch to have all of the Sea Dragons and the Lesser Dragons be inside Dragon Palace. After that, I’ll be sending you to that place.”

Seeing that Zhao Hai seems to be serious about this, Alex couldn’t help but nod. In any case, things have already reached this point. Even if he wants to hide, he wouldn’t be able to hide. In addition, Zhao Hai was very respectful to them, his attitude was not bad. Therefore, Alex turned to the people outside the hall, “Have everyone come inside the Palace.” Then the people outside issued a sound before going off. Before long, the Sea Dragons and Lesser Dragons had come into the Palace. Although they didn’t know about what was happening, they still didn’t ask any questions.

After talking to Alex, Zhao Hai just stayed there, standing calmly. He even closed his eyes as though he wasn’t curious about anything. On the other hand, Laura and the others were sizing Alex up as well as everyone inside the hall.

Before long, people from the outside had sent word, “Reporting to the Patriarch, everybody has entered Dragon Palace.”

Alex nodded, then he turned to look at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes and then said, “Great, now I ask the Patriarch to have a look outside.”

Alex was confused at what Zhao Hai just said, “Look outside? What does Mister mean?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We already arrived at the place that I said. I want to ask the Patriarch to see if he likes it.”

Alex stared, he was thinking that Zhao Hai might be cracking a joke. But Zhao Hai’s expression told him that he was serious. Although he was confused, he still walked outside.

After Alex went out, he couldn’t help but gawk. This was because even if there were still underwater, Alex can feel that they were somewhere different.

Dragon Palace had already stopped at its position for a long

for a long time. Therefore, Alex was quite familiar about its surroundings. However, the reefs and plants that was currently around him had become different. Alex can be sure about this due to the magic beasts swimming around the coral reefs. He can see that these things didn’t have any traces of Fishman activities.

At this time, Illac also arrived, he was in charge of keeping the other Sea Dragons and Lesser Dragons in control. Therefore, when Alex saw Illac, he immediately said, “Illac, what’s all this about? How come everything around us changed?”

Illac was stern faced as he shook his head. “Patriarch, I have no idea. When I asked everyone to go inside the Dragon Palace. I only felt a small fluctuation on the water around me. Then the scenery changed.”

Alex turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, where is this?”

Zhao hai smiled faintly and said, ‘This is the Sea Dragons’ new home. As for what this place is, I ask the Patriarch to join me to the surface. I’ll explain everything to the Patriarch.” When the Sea Dragons entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard. It seems like the Space was considering the Sea Dragons as an intelligent race, so it cannot subdue them immediately. Zhao Hai didn’t care, since the Sea Dragons have entered the Space, everything else will be easy to do. He had already calculated what would happen.

Zhao Hai joined the Sea Dragons as they slowly went to the surface. Upon reaching the surface, Alex and the others were shocked. This wasn’t the endless sea, they knew this because they can see land in a not so far place. On this land were plants and houses. The atmosphere of the place was also very different from the Ark Continent.

Alex turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this, where are we?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This is my Buda Clan’s territory, my Clan’s root. This is also my domain. Here, I am a god!”

Alex was confused at Zhao hai, “Mister, you mean that including the sea, everything here belongs to the Buda Clan? We aren’t in the continent anymore?”





* * *





Chapter 641 – Turning Misfortune into a Blessing

Alex looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So we’re in a completely independent space, and this space belongs to Mister?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Alex and said, “Right, this independent Space is mine. I shall bestow this place’s ocean to your Sea Dragon Race. This ocean would be your domain, you can kill the beasts that live here save for a few that I personally raise.”

Alex turned his head towards the Space’s endless sea. He turned to Zhao Hai and then suddenly knely on one knee, “Alex has met the Master!”

Alex understood that this Space was a place where the Sea Dragons wouldn’t be able to blow any winds. However, why do they need to gain control here, is there a better place in the world? The whole ocean was theirs, nothing greater can satisfy them. So Alex called Zhao Hai ‘Master’. This was akin to making Zhao Hai the king of their Clan. In the past, Alex had always called Zhao Hai ‘Mister.”

Zhao Hai looked at Alex and said, “Get up, then next time, I would prefer being called Young Master. Since your Sea Dragon Clan decided to side with me, then you’ll have to prepare yourselves to battle the Divine Race as well as the two chess pieces that they have, the Radiant Church as well as the Dragons. These people are on my kill list. Your Clan used to be in this list too, but since you’ve become my followers, you’ve been saved. If I ever need your assistance in the future, you must now decline. Understand?”

Alex replied, “I understand, Young Master.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he summoned Cai’er and said, “This is Cai’er, the Space’s manager that I had appointed. Normally, I won’t be able to be inside the Space all the time. If you need anything, just look for her. If I have something for you to do, then Cai’er will be the one looking for you. However, I won’t be needing you for the majority of the time. You can just live your lives here as you see fit.”

Alex nodded and said, “Yes, Young Master. Actually, the Dragon Palace is





already enough for us to live in.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Then that’s good. You settle yourselves in while I go and see Luo Ying. The situation of the seas needs to be stabilized. Its fortunate that you’ve failed, otherwise the Divine Race would gain the continent’s endless sea as their backing, allowing them to attack and retreat without any consequences. Right, Alex, did you know about any matters of the Divine Race? Do you know when they’ll attack?”

Alex shook his head and said, “I’ll be unfair to the Young Master, I really have no information regarding this. Although we are in a cooperation with the Radiant Church and the Dragon Clan, we have only been in contact for a short amount of time. For this reason, I was still able to hire oneself to the Young Master.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Forget it, you go and settle your people down. Cai’er will tell you which magic beasts you aren’t allowed to touch. The others, you can hunt and kill. Alright, then I’ll be taking my leave.” Then Alex bowed to Zhao Hai before Zhao Hai’s figure vanished.

At this time, Cai’er looked at Alex and said, “Were you the one that submitted to the Young Master?”

Alex looked at Cai’er. To be honest, Alex really couldn’t identify what race Cai’er belonged in. If Alex considers people with the same size as Cai’er, then he would be able to name a few Fishman Tribes. However, it was evident that Cai’er wasn’t a Beastman. He had never heard of a race that looks like Cai’er.

However, Alex still nodded and said, “It’s me.”

Cai’er coldly snorted as a pressure erupted from her body. Alex was stunned where he stood as he looked surprised at Cai’er. Alex didn’t expect that Cai’er would have the ability to freeze a 9th rank expert. Also, Alex knew that it didn’t matter if he goes to his Armored Form or True Form, he would still be suppressed just like this, it was too scary.

Cai’er looked at Alex and said, “I don’t care about what the Young Master promised you. But if you dare disrespect the Young Master, then I will make sure that you will be the one to





to suffer first. The Young Master is a good person, and is someone that is easily approachable. But if you dare to be betray him, I will eliminate your Sea Dragon Race. Take this, it’s the list of all the magic beasts that you’re not allowed to touch, it’s a small list. You can do what you want with the other beasts. Talk to me if you need anything.” Then her figure vanished.

When Cai’er left, Alex finally relaxed. He felt like a baby facing a 9th rank expert under Cai’er’s pressure. He was simply not on her level. Alex completely believed Cai’er, if Cai’er did want to extinguish him, then she could do so at any time. And if she were to destroy the Sea Dragon Race, then she wouldn’t take too long to do it. Alex couldn’t help but wipe a cold sweat while thinking about these.

Alex finally understood that when Zhao Hai was fighting with others, he wasn’t using his full strength. If he did use all of his strength, then him enemies wouldn’t have survived for long and played around with Zhao Hai. Alex knew that Zhao Hai did this in order to deal with the Divine Race. And from listening to Zhao Hai, Alex understood that Zhao Hai might have been even more informed regarding the Divine Race than him. This made Alex feel glad that he had surrendered to Zhao Hai. Otherwise, Zhao Hai would surely have destroyed all of them.

Alex now had a change of heart regarding Zhao Hai, he immediately changed his mood as he returned to his own people. At the same time, he also told his people about what he had found out about Zhao Hai, which made the little dissatisfaction in the clansmen’s hearts completely disappear.

This time, they had really turned a misfortune into a blessing. The didn’t even need to be the kings of the sea, they don’t need to snatch anything they need, the whole sea was theirs. Aside from those that Zhao Hai prohibited, everything else was free game. The materials here can also be used at will, which was definitely a great news for them.

Zhao Hai didn’t care much about these, although





these, although the Space has raised a lot of marine beasts, it was actually still quite short in life. It was good that the Sea Dragons are present, making the Space’s sea much more livelier.

When he teleported the Sea Dragons, he also made the effort in absorbing the surrounding seawater and obtaining a lot of tiny marine lifeforms. These things managed to balance the sea’s food chain. One could say that the Space’s sea has become complete.

The reason why the Space couldn’t subdue the Sea Dragons was perhaps because it was the first time that the Space had absorbed creatures like them.

The Sea Dragons had entered the Space in their Human Form, therefore, the Space had no method of subduing them. But if they were to turn into their Dragon form inside, things might become different. Zhao Hai was curious about this and wanted to look for an opportunity to find out.

But for the Lesser Dragons, the Space was naturally impolite. The moment they entered the Space, they were immediately subdued. The Sea Dragons didn’t know about this.

Zhao Hai came out of the Space and immediately went to Luo Ying’s Azure Dragon Snail. Luo Ying was currently waiting for Zhao Hai, she was paying attention to Zhao Hai’s interaction with the Sea Dragons. If the Sea Dragons dared to attack Zhao Hai, then she would immediately send an army to destroy them.

But what happened next made Luo Ying surprised, Zhao Hai and the Sea Dragons suddenly vanished right in front of her. Disappearing without a trace, nothing was left behind, this made Luo Ying startled.

However, Luo Ying believed that this was Zhao Hai’s doing, it was impossible for the Sea Dragons to have the capability to perform such a feat. If the Sea Dragons really did have something like this, then they should’ve already used it to deal with Zhao Hai, they shouldn’t have waited to use it until now. Only Zhao Hai can cause such a huge group to disappear in front of her.

Therefore, Luo Ying wasn’t very worried as she sat still inside the Azure Dragon Snail, waiting for Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai arrived, Luo Ying immediately asked him to sit down and said,

down and said, “Did Mister deal with the Sea Dragon Clan?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No, I just sent them to another place. Saving them from being shunned in the sea. The General can rest assured.”

Luo Ying nodded, and didn’t ask about this anymore. Then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I just received word from Her Majesty. The Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church had sent 9th rank experts to attack Mermaid Island. However, they had been repelled by Her Majesty. The enemies lost some of their experts as well. We believe that they won’t dare to do such a thing again. The Fishman Race has been saved.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, good. Then General should go and appease the Fishman tribes. I can’t help you with these matters. I’ll stay in the sea for some time and collect some marine magic beasts as well as some unique plants before going back to the continent.”

Luo Ying quickly said, “Mister shouldn’t be quick to leave. Her Majesty had sent word that since Mister has helped us greatly, she wanted to invite you over to Mermaid Island. I ask Mister to consider giving us face.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, then before I return to the Continent I’ll stop by and visit Mermaid Island.”

Then Luo Ying smiled and said, “What magic beasts does Mister want? Our Fishman Race might be able to help Mister with this. We have been living underwater for generations, there aren’t a lot of things in the sea that we cannot find. If Mister can tell us, then we shall certainly do our best to acquire it.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I appreciate the General’s words. However, my target is the Devil Octopus. I’ll get a couple of them before I head back. I can handle it myself.”

When Luo Ying heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but stare. Then her face changed as she said, “Does Mister really want to get those Octopus? That’s too dangerous. Those magic beasts are living in an extremely cold environment. People who go there are instantly frozen to death. It wouldn’t be a good idea if Mister were to go there.”





* * *





Chapter 642 – Demon Realm Aura?

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The General doesn’t need to worry about it. There are ways of dealing with the chilling cold. Those octopus really do have a great use to me. If General has anything else to do, then I won’t be holding you back. You don’t need to worry much about me, I can manage on my own.”

Luo Ying knew from Zhao Hai’s words that there was no way for her to stop him, so she didn’t say anything else. After all, Zhao Hai has already revealed his strength, he had the qualifications to do whatever he wants.

After exchanging a few more words with Luo Ying, Zhao Hai left the Azure Dragon Snail. He was now ready to catch those Devil Octopi. These beings grow up to be 9th ranks, almost not any worse than Dragons. This fact made Zhao Hai very curious.

Zhao Hai didn’t immediately go catch some octopus after leaving Luo Ying. Instead, he returned to the Space and observed if the Sea Dragons have been properly settled in.

However, he didn’t go and personally see the Sea Dragons and just looked at them through the monitor. Upon seeing that they had settled down quite well, Zhao Hai felt relief. After all, they were in the sea, at the same time, they also had all the room that they want.

Then Zhao Hai switched the image on the monitor to see Mermaid Island’s situation. He didn’t expect the Dragons and the Radiant Church to be prompt in their attack of the Island. Zhao Hai wanted to see the state that the Island has been turned into.

When he saw Mermaid Island, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. It wasn’t destroyed due to the attack, it was the exact opposite, he couldn’t see any traces of battle. It seems like nothing happened, this scene showed Zhao Hai how strong the Fishmen were.

From Luo Ying’s words, Zhao Hai knew that the ones who attacked Mermaid Island were the people from the alliance between the Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church. But there were





only limited ways in order to attack the island. First was by using ships, but this was impossible. Aside from the Buda Clan, no other power would be able to navigate the sea in order to head towards Mermaid Island.

The second method was by flying, which can be done by the Dragon Clan. However, it would be impossible for them to have the tolerance to ferry people over on their backs. Therefore, the attack on Mermaid Island could only be done by 9th rank experts.

Being assaulted by 9th rank experts but not leaving a trace of battle was a testament to the might of the Mermaid Clan. Ninth rank experts aren’t easy people to deal with.

Seeing that nothing happened on the island, Zhao Hai felt relief. He was now preparing to catch a Devil Octopus, then he would go and see the situation of the Soul Sucking Reef. He wanted to find out why Fishmen weren’t able to leave that place.

As soon as he searched through these two places, Zhao Hai would return back to the Continent. But before heading back to land, he still needed to pay the Mermaid Queen a visit. And while doing so, he would try and see if he can learn about their art of Water Refining. Zhao Hai really wanted to learn the technique.

After recalling all of these in his mind, Zhao Hai determined his itinerary. First he would catch a Devil Octopus, this was a simple task, the trench was just a short distance away. Although theses beasts were 9th ranks, it was impossible for them to pose a threat to Zhao Hai. He plans to catch two of these beasts and see if they can upgrade the Space.

Upon thinking it through, Zhao Hai returned to the Space to rest for the entire day. The next morning, he had the Blade Scale Whale proceed towards the Devil Octopus’ domain.

In the sea, this trench has its own special name, it’s called Devil’s Trench. It was because it was the place where the Devil Octopi reside, and at the same time, because it





it was a place that was very dangerous. Therefore, the Fishmen decided to name it as thus.[1]

It didn’t take long before Zhao Hai reached the mouth of the trench. This trench didn’t have any special appearance, it looks just like an extremely deep canyon. However, Zhao Hai can feel the cold aura being released by the trench. It was enough for a person to shiver with fright.

Zhao Hai is a 9th rank expert, and for someone of his level to feel this explains that this place was something dangerous.

At this time, Cai’er’s voice was suddenly heard, “Young Master, I can feel the aura of the Demon Realm here. Especially inside that trench, the Demon Realm aura that I can feel there is very thick.”

Zhao Hai stared, then his expression changed as he said, “Really? Can you really feel the Demon Realm in this trench?”

Cai’er came from the Demon Realm, she was a plant that grows normally there. Because of that, she was extremely familiar to the aura of that place. Zhao Hai trusted her words, but he was not willing to believe it. If that was really the case, then this trench might be associated with the Demon Realm. This meant that this place might become a battlefield in the future.

Cai’er insisted, “Young Master, there really is an aura of the Demon Realm here. And it gets stronger the deeper you go in.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, it seems like coming here was a good idea. Let’s go and take a look.” Then he directed the Blade Scale Whale to go down to the bottom of the trench.

The deeper they went, the darker the surroundings became. Zhao Hai was now 500 meters into the trench, and not a single ray of light can be seen here. Zhao Hai can see some beasts in the distance, but they were different from those that he had seen in the surface. From what he can see, these beasts looked more fierce and aggressive compared to those at the top.

At this time, Laura and the others had arrived at Zhao Hai’s side





Hai’s side together with Cai’er. Since the place might be related to the Demon Realm, Zhao Hai had Cai’er come out and talk to them about that place. Only Cai’er had concrete understanding about the Demon Realm.

Upon seeing these magic beasts, Cai’er turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, these magic beasts are already demonized.”

Zhao Hai was confused at what Cai’er just said, “Demonized? What’s that?”

Cai’er replied, “The Demon Realm has a very unusual toxin. This toxin will start to affect beings and change their appearances. Look at these beasts for example, it was possible that they are only ordinary magic beasts. But because they were subjected to the aura of the Demon Realm, they had turned into their current form. They had become more formidable, however, they also turned more aggressive due to the toxin.”

Zhao Hai extended a spike from the Blade Scale Whale and captured a small fish. This small fish was only the size of Zhao Hai’s palm. However, a third of its body was its head, and two thirds of this head was its giant mouth. This small fish was still struggling and would oftentimes open its mouth, revealing its saber-like teeth. It also flashed a blue radiance, showing that its attacking strength was quite strong.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and sent the small fish to the Space. He wanted to see how the Space valued such things. And just as the fish entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Seriously polluted mutant fish has been detected. Such organisms have strong survivability, strong attacking ability, strong defensive ability. Extracting its toxin, changing organism’s temperament. Integrating properties into lifeforms in the Space. Toxin has been combined to the Space’s insecticide. Enhancing all toxic lifeforms in the Space. Increasing survival capabilities of the lifeforms inside the Space.”

This prompt informed Zhao Hai that the Space has identified these creatures as ‘polluted’. To be honest, it was quite a suitable classification.

Zhao Hai grasped other mutant magic beasts inside the trench and had them sent over to the Space. The prompt that he heard was similar, this made

similar, this made Zhao Hai lost interest in these mutant magic beasts.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already penetrated 1000 meters deep into the trench. Everything around him was pitch black. If they didn’t have a monitor, then they wouldn’t be able to see anything outside.

Zhao Hai looked at the monitor and saw that the mutant magic beasts were getting fewer and fewer. But the strengths of those who were present has been getting stronger and stronger. They also looked more and more fearsome.

At this time, Laura suddenly issued an astonished tone. Then she pointed to a place outside the Blade Scale Whale as she said, “Brother Hai, look, there seems to be a bright spot there.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he turned to look at what Laura pointed out. Currently there was a light that repeatedly flashed. In this jet black environment, it looked like a single small star.

However, Zhao Hai seemed to notice that this star had gotten brighter and brighter, it seems like it was approaching them.

Zhao Hai immediately looked at the monitor and saw a strange fish appear in front of his eyes. It looked terrifying, it was about two meters long, its body was covered with spikes. It also had a pair of small red eyes, its mouth was big and had fangs of different lengths. Most importantly, on the top of its head was a long spike, but it seems like it wasn’t hard but instead was soft of which an organ was hanging. Zhao Hai felt strange since this organ was the one that was flashing its lights. It looks just like a faulty lantern.

At this time, Zhao Hai saw another small fish approaching. Zhao Hai was curious about this small fish, he didn’t know why it was swimming towards them. Then suddenly, the small fish went towards the flashing organ of the strange fish. And just as the small fish approached the organ, the strange fish suddenly opened its mouth, its tongue flew out and stretched. Before long, the small fish was nowhere to be seen.

Named it as Death Pit before, I’ve changed it.





* * *





Chapter 643 – Core and Level Up

Zhao Hai and the others stared at this strange fish. This fish actually uses this method to hunt, it‘s quite strange.

Zhao Hai and the others curiously looked at the fish as it drew near to them. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get careful, he wanted to see what this fish intends to do, does it want to attack them?

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried much about it. Although this fish had uncommon strength, one shouldn’t forget that the Blade Scale Whale was a 9th rank undead beast. This strange fish would be unable to place a dent on the whale’s body.

It didn’t take long before the strange fish arrived by Zhao Hai’s side. But what made Zhao Hai surprised was the fact that the fish didn’t attack the whale. Instead, it just stayed by its side, looking like it was acting as an escort for Zhao Hai and the others.

Zhao Hai was confused at what the fish just did, “What’s going on? Did this guy suddenly become docile? But that doesn’t seem to be the case.”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, these fishes shouldn’t be considered to be marine beasts at this point, they were now more like beasts from the Demon Realm. And as long as they have a bit of the Demon Realm within them, they won’t be attacking us. This is because my aura can provide these beasts with survival. Therefore, they should be very respectful towards me.”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that it would be like this, “Really? I didn’t think Cai’er would be this formidable. This is fantastic.”

Cai’er proudly smiled and said, “Young Master can rest assured, as long as we are in a place with Demon Realm Aura and I’m by your side, nobody would dare attack our group.”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Good, good, then I’ll be relying on your cover. Let’s go and see what’s going on here.” Then he directed the Blade Scale Whale to dive deeper into the trench.

However, Zhao Hai still took the time to get





a few fishes as he can. After all, these were creatures that weren’t seen before, there was no loss in acquiring a few more of them.

When Zhao Hai and the others reached about 2 kilometers deep, the strange fishes left while another batch of fishes came over. These fishes looked more fierce and seemed to be much stronger than the ones before. They had the forms of a fish version of an alligator. But they didn’t attack the Blade Scale Whale, instead, they escorted them one kilometer down before another batch came and escorted them for another kilometer.

Zhao Hai now knew about how Cai’er was seen by these beasts. She seems to have a status that was much better than any Human Emperor. As soon as these beasts feel her aura, they would immediately come and escort her, perhaps due to their innate instinct.

Zhao Hai and the others have now dove about ten thousand meters deep, however, they still weren’t able to see a Devil Octopus. Zhao Hai had looked around and cannot see these octopus, and at the same time, they were already 10 thousand meters under the sea yet the bottom of the trench was still out of sight. How deep was this trench? Zhao Hai was completely unsure.

But Zhao Hai didn’t worry about it as they continued diving downward. The magic beasts that they met were getting bigger and bigger while they looked more and more ugly. Most importantly, it seems like their strengths were increasing as well. The magic beasts at this level were already comprised mostly of 8th ranks. And they were quite numerous as well, if these beasts were to head to the sea, the Fishman Race wouldn’t be very peaceful.

This also aroused Zhao Hai’s anticipation. At this point, he was extremely curious about how deep this trench was. Zhao Hai had commanded the Blade Scale Whale to head straight down to the point where it was almost heading vertically downward.

They have dived for another five kilometers when a giant octopus suddenly appeared in Zhao Hai’s monitor. The





The octopus was swimming sluggishly. It looks just like any octopus, however, it was very big. If one includes its tentacles, this octopus would be 100 meters long.

What surprised Zhao Hai was its appearance. The entire head of this octopus was black, but behind its body was a white image of a devil. It was a large image, almost fully occupying the back of the octopus’ head. Its tentacles were white as well, looking like a Devil’s beard if one were to look at it.

All of this added up made the octopus look very scary. Although it didn’t have any spikes like the other fishes, it still instilled fear on those who looked at it.

However, Zhao Hai’s eyes shone when he saw this beasts. It was because this was the beast that he was looking for, the magic beast Devil Octopus.

Without waiting for Zhao Hai to make a move, the Devil Octopus started to swim towards them. Then it arrived at the Blade Scale Whales side and acted as an escort just like the other magic beasts. This made Zhao Hai stare, but he relaxed soon after. The Demon Realm aura this deep into the trench had gotten very strong, so naturally this octopus should’ve also been demonized.

But Zhao Hai didn’t stop, in addition to finding this beast, he also wanted to see the cause of the Demon Realm Aura in this trench.

After going down for another 1 kilometer, the Devil Octopus that followed Zhao Hai had now numbered to about 100. What made Zhao Hai startled was the fact that all of these 100 Devil Octopus were 9th ranks. This number of experts would cause a commotion if revealed to the continent. Except for Zhao Hai, nobody would be able to match this number of experts.

Zhao Hai’s face couldn’t help but turn ugly. If these octopus were to escape the trench while taking the mutant beasts along with them, then the endless sea would be placed into turmoil.

At this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly noticed a group of black gas in the distance. Zhao Hai





Zhao Hai gawked at this black clump. It wasn’t very big, only about 100 meters wide. However, Zhao Hai actually can’t see through this gas.

Zhao Hai immediately had the Blade Scale Whale swim towards the black gas. At the same time, he turned his head to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, what do you think this thing is? Why do I feel that its the source of the Demon Realm aura?”

Cai’er nodded and said, “Young Master, it is indeed the source of the Demon Realm Aura. This should be a type of High Level Demon Core.”

Zhao Hai asked, “Core? What is that?’

Cai’er answered, “Demon Realm beasts have cores, it is the source of power for all the residence of the Demon Realm. The cores of High level beasts are extremely formidable. From what I can see, this should be a core of a God-ranked magic beast. Even in the Demon Realm, this thing is a treasure. These God-ranked beasts aren’t any weaker than God-ranked experts, they may even be stronger, at the same time, they also have much longer lives than God-ranked experts. And when they die, these beasts would look for a place where nobody would be able to find them, making it extremely hard to find their cores. This God-ranked core is extremely useful to God-ranked experts. They can use this core in order to manufacture weapons and also absorb it and make its power their own. Although some energy would be lost in the process of absorption, it was still a huge help for the God-ranked experts. After all, increasing one’s strength upon reaching God-rank is very difficult.”

Zhao Hai nodded, but he still couldn’t help but feel startled. He didn’t think that a Demon Realm’s God-rank beast’s core would arrive at this place. At the same time, this core actually managed to change an entire landscape on its own, creating these formidable 9th rank Devil Octopus.

The Blade Scale Whale had already penetrated through the clump of black mist. Then Zhao Hai saw a fist-sized black bead. This bead was peacefully floaiting there, about a

there, about a meter above the bottom of the trench.

Zhao Hai made the whale go right by the bead as he carefully examined the bead. However, besides being black, there wasn’t any other aspect to be seen.

Cai’er then said, “Young Master, absorb this thing into the Space. I think it would be extremely useful in upgrading it.”

Zhao Hai stared, then nodded as he absorbed the bead into the Space. And just as the bead entered, a prompt was heard, “Extremely strong energy has entered the Space. Absorbing energy. Upgrading the Space’s environment. Incorporating upgrades to the Host’s Body. Improving lifeforms inside the Space, lifeforms has been strengthened. Robotic objects in the Space has been upgraded. Spatial Water and Spatial Soil has been upgraded. Space’s toxin has been improved as well. Space upgraded to level 60. Hoping for the Host’s continual effort.”

Zhao Hai was wild with joy, he didn’t expect the bead to upgrade the Space. This is a very fantastic outcome. Moreover, Zhao Hai had felt that his body has been strengthened after the level up. Zhao Hai immediately turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, how do you describe my present strength?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, your current strength is the same as that of a God-ranked expert. You can now claim to be God-rank. This is really good, I can feel that my strength has been improved as well. Young Master, you can now buy 10 more backgrounds. However, they can only be ordinary backgrounds.”

Zhao Hai was ecstatic, “Good! Fantastic! Ordinary background is till good. Go buy a sea-based background for me. Then place those mutant beasts on that. I want a background that would specialize in breeding these creatures.”

Cai’er noddded as she immediately took action. Then Zhao Hai turned his head to Laura and the others, “This is great. Now that the Space has levelled up, I can now plant more powerful plants so that you can upgrade your strengths. Even if we can’t turn you into God-ranked experts, you would still be able to tower above normal 9th rank experts.”





* * *





Chapter 644 – Water Refining Technique

Laura smiled and said, “That’s great! Now we don’t have to go to the Elven Forest in order to level up. Brother Hai, you should get those plants sorted out, have Grandpa Green and the others level up.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he absorbed the Devil Octopus before heading back to the surface. As long as he sees a Devil Octopus, Zhao Hai would immediately absorb it to the Space. As a result, Zhao Hai had accumulated about 300 Devil Octopus. This turned the Octopus’ population in the trench into zero.

Zhao Hai felt that this was good. After all, if these octopus were to stay here, they would be a continual threat to the Fishman Race. But Zhao Hai still had some worries. Although the trench had a very strong Demonic presence due to the core, it still hadn’t spread outside the trench. At the same time, the inhabitants of the trench were all spotted outside. Why was this possible?

Zhao Hai was thinking about these while the Blade Scale Whale continued to go upward. Every magic beast that they had come across were all grabbed by Zhao Hai.

The whale slowly went up the trench before they had finally reached the exit. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but give out a long breath. Although they got huge harvests in the trench, Zhao Hai and the others still felt down while inside there due to the lack of light. It was good that they were now approaching the brighter parts of the sea.

At this time, a pressure suddenly dawned on them. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get stunned, he didn’t know what was going on. Where did this pressure come from?

Zhao Hai immediately turned on the monitor to see what was happening. At this time, the Soul Sucking Reef suddenly emitted a black energy that formed into a magic formation. This formation pressured the trench making Zhao Hai and the others feel as if a mountain was pressing down on them. No matter how hard the Blade Scale Whale swam, it was still unable to progress further.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be surprised upon seeing





this. One must know that when the Space levelled up, the undead got an upgrade as well. Compared to average 9th rank experts, these undead were a notch better. And because of the Demon Aura, they all became much stronger. But after all of these, the whale was still being suppressed by a formation. This magic formation wasn’t simple.

Zhao Hai didn’t worry about it, he had the whale dive back down as the pressure vanished along with the magic formation.

Zhao Hai was stunned as he turned to Laura and the others, “What’s going on? Why does the formation appear when we go up and vanish when we go back down?”

Laura and the others were clueless about this as well, however, Meg suddenly said, “Young Master, when we got down, we weren’t stopped. Only when we came up were we blocked from exiting. I think it’s because we had been tainted with a bit of the Demon Realm’s aura. Maybe this formation’s purpose was to block those Demonized creatures.”

Zhao Hai stared, then he thought carefully about it. It seems like this was the case. They weren’t able to hear about this from the Fishmen, but judging by the fact that no mutant beasts were able to get out of the trench meant that this formation had the function to block them from exiting. It might be just like Meg said, the formation was something that was sensitive to Demonic aura. When they got close to the exit, the formation had detected some of the aura that had stuck to them and thus promptly blocking them from leaving the trench.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look at Meg in surprise. When Meg was with everyone, she would basically stay quiet and didn’t express her opinions too much. Therefore, one would see that it was Zhao Hai and the others that were doing well. All Meg was doing was taking care of Zhao Hai and the others.

But Zhao Hai wasn’t expecting Meg to talk at this time. It’s not that she wasn’t smart, Meg just doesn’t want to fight for attention. Usually, Zhao Hai and the others would have taken care





care of everything before needing her help, so she just kept a low profile. Seeing her express herself, Zhao Hai felt a little bit happy.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh and said, “I think you’re right, Meg. Hahaha. Don’t be reserved too much in the future. If you have anything to say, just say it. Alright?”

Meg nodded, which made Zhao Hai smile. Then he waved his hand as light magic and water magic cleansed their bodies. Then he commanded the Blade Scale Whale to head upwards. This time, nothing stopped their progression. The whale swam continuously before passing through the mouth of the trench and going back to the battlefield.

When they came out, Zhao Hai became surprised, this was because the Mermaid Clan’s Azure Dragon Snail was still there. They had been inside the trench for about four days. The trench wasn’t shallow, and after heading down, they still went out of their way to collect magic beasts, making the time they spent inside quite long. Zhao Hai and the others were 9th rank experts, so it wasn’t an issue for them to go sleepless for a few days. However, Zhao Hai wasn’t expecting the Mermaids to be still here. Why would they stay?

At this time, Zhao Hai saw some black spots coming out of the Snail and was swimming towards him. Zhao Hai looked at the monitor and identified the other party as Dashan. When they arrived by the Blade Scale Whale, Zhao Hai immediately went to the whale’s mouth and greeted, “Captain Dashan, why are you still here? Weren’t you going to deal with the other Fishmen tribes?”

Dashan gave Zhao Hai a bow and said, “The General was worried for mister, so she had me wait here for your arrival. However, the General also had sent some parties on order to deal with the important matters, so everything is going according to plan. The General had left word that if you come out, she wanted you to see her.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, I also wanted to apologize to the General for making her worry.” Then he had the Blade Scale Whale swim towards





swim towards the Azure Dragon Snail.

Before long, Zhao Hai and the others had arrived inside the Azure Dragon Snail’s main hall. Luo Ying was already waiting inside along with Luo Luo. Other than the two of them, nobody else was present inside.

Seeing that Zhao Hai had arrived, the two immediately stood up. Then Luo Ying said, “Mister, please sit down. How was the trip? Did everything go well?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Very well. I can tell the General that the Devil Trench wouldn’t be dangerous anymore. You might even go there and settle. However, I suggest you don’t do that. It is extremely pitch black inside.”

What Zhao Hai said was reasonable, although the seabed was also dark, there were still some luminescent shellfish and plants to illuminate it. However, the trench had no light at all, it was filled with depressing black color all around it.

Luo Ying smiled and said, “Then I’ll have to thank mister. But I’m afraid that nobody would want to settle there either. The endless sea is too big, so there are still places that are much better than the trench. Right, what is mister going to do now? Will you be returning to the Continent?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he shook his head and said, “I wont, I also want to see what the Soul Sucking Reef is all about.”

Luo Ying wrinkled her brow upon hearing Zhao Hai. She doesn’t understand, Zhao Hai was obviously a Great Noble of the continent, he should have a lot of matters to be taking care of. So why must he risk his life in all of these locations? Casually going to dangerous places was too unreasonable.

After thinking about it, Luo Ying couldn’t help but get the courage to ask Zhao Hai, “What does mister want to see in Soul Sucking Reef? You should know that our Fishman Race has always been investigating the place. However, we still weren’t able to find anything despite doing it for generations. At this point, we won’t dare going there anymore.”

Zhao Hai gave a nod and said, “I know about this. But it’s possible that I may get something that is

something that is very important to me. So I want to go there and search for it. After that, I’ll return to the continent.”

Zhao Hai wasn’t lying, he really wanted to see how the reef’s magic formation could get that strong. It can actually pressure the mutant magic beasts for many years. This made Zhao Hai very curious about it.

If there was really such a formation, then Zhao Hai would naturally want to take a look at it. If he studies this formation, then it would be similar to gaining a weapon to battle the Demon Realm in the future. .

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Luo Ying knew that she couldn’t persuade him, so she just said, “Then I’ll be waiting for mister’s return. If mister encounters any danger, don’t hesitate to retreat.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, General can feel relieved. Right, I have a matter to ask Her Majesty and I might need the General’s help.”

Luo Ying stared, she was curious about what Zhao Hai wanted help with, “What does mister need? I shall immediately send word to Her Majesty.”

Zhao Hao nodded and said, “I want to ask Her Majesty if it was possible for me to learn your Mermaid Clan’s Water Refining Technique. Rest assured, I certainly won’t spread it to other people.”

Luo Ying stared when she heard Zhao Hai, then she forced a smile and said, “Mister, I think you are misunderstanding something. My Mermaid Clan’s Water Refining Technique is not a secret. The reason why this technique is only used by a few was because its requirements are very high. In addition to having the person be gifted in controlling water, the water used for the technique needed to be special as well. The technique would need high quality water in order for it to succeed. Our Mermaid Clan has our own innate technique that can purify water, making sure that the water is as high quality as possible. Because of this, only our race was able to use this Water Refining Technique. If other people don’t have the means to purify water, then it would be impossible for them to use this technique.”





* * *





Chapter 645 – Soul Sucking Reef

Zhao Hai was calm while listening to Luo Ying, but was actually very excited deep inside. Luo Ying said that others weren’t able to use this method of refining due to the lack of water purifying methods. However, this wasn’t a problem for Zhao Hai. One shouldn’t forget that Zhao Hai has Bubble, the source of Myriad Water. Bubble was more than qualified to be used as a helper for Water Refining.

After Luo Ying finished talking, Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “I ask the General to still convey my request to Her Majesty. I want to use this Water Refining technique as a reference. The General should know how much importance I place in this war with the Divine Race, but when the war starts, we would need to have a lot of weapons. Relying on Human and Dwarf artisans simply wouldn’t do. Therefore, I want to add this Water Refining Technique to the equation and see if it can help with the demand.”

When she heard Zhao Hai, Luo Ying immediately nodded and said, “Mister can rest assured, I will surely take responsibility for this matter. Our Water Refining Technique isn’t a secret, it just needs appropriate preparations. However, I can assure you that this method has its own brilliant methods. Mister, you can handle your matters first. When you come back, I will have the Water Refining technique to give you.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then I’ll have to trouble the General. I’ll be heading to the Soul Sucking Reef now, farewell.”

Luo Ying stood up and gave Zhao Hai a salute, “I wish for Mister’s good luck.” Zhao Hai returned the gesture and then smiled faintly before turning around to leave.

After returning to the blade scale whale, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Brother Hai, I didn’t expect that obtaining the Mermaid Clan’s Water Refining Technique would be that smooth.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Mermaids





do care about the other Fishmen, but since no other race had the ability to purify water, they weren’t able to pass this technique around. Even if they spread the method, nobody would be able to use it. But we have Bubble, although I get angry every time I see him, at least we had found a use for him.”

When Laura heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but chuckle. Bubble was really an interesting thing, he was quite bold and loved to mingle with the ladies. Seeing Bubble makes Zhao Hai feel discomfort.

However, Laura and the others didn’t care about this. In their eyes, Bubble was like a small pet that was just a bit smart. Bubble has also been like this, so it was impossible to change him. More importantly, Bubble makes Zhao Hai jealous.

To be honest, Laura and the others loved seeing Zhao Hai being jealous of Bubble. It was because this meant that Zhao Hai really did treasure them.

Lizzy chuckled as well and said, “Big Brother Hai, do you think that this Water Refining Technique would be something useful?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “With our current techniques, this Water Refining Technique should be of use. Additionally, Father might want to research it. When we get the technique, perhaps he would find some avenues of which to improve on.”

Lizzy naturally knew that the father that Zhao Hai meant was Karen. The man was a research maniac, therefore Lizzy didn’t become confused and just nodded.

Then Zhao Hai said, “I want to head to the Soul Sucking Reef to look for the thing that made it suppress the things inside the Devil Trench. If we can find out about it, then it might prove useful in our fight against the Demon Realm.”

Laura nodded and said, “Soul Sucking Reef is truly formidable. Its quite a distance away from the trench, btu it can still sense the Demon Realm’s aura and suppress it. At the same time, it also imprisoned the mutant beasts of the trench.”

Megan wrinkled





wrinkled her brows and said, “But I haven’t heard of such a formation in this world. Elder Brother Hai, you should ask Luo Ying and see if this formation was something that they had set up.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “There’s no need to ask, it definitely wasn’t them. Otherwise, Luo Ying might have already told us about it when I informed her of my intention to investigate the place. It’s also because of this that made me curious about who had the ability to set up this formation or maybe why the reef came into existence.”

Megan nodded, if the Mermaid did indeed set up the reef, then they should have already informed the other Fishmen.

There were two places that the Fishmen couldn’t understand. One of them gave Zhao Hai a God-rank magic beast core which upgraded the Space to level 60, gave Zhao Hai ten more slots for backgrounds, and gave him plants that can become God-ranked. This was a huge harvest.

As for the other place, they still haven’t investigated it yet. That place was full of mystery and Zhao Hai didn’t want to rashly charge through it. So Zhao Hai decided to take a break and maintain a good condition for himself.

Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space and had a hot bath before taking ample rest. After that, they immediately rode the blade scale whale and headed towards the Soul Sucking Reef.

Zhao Hai hadn’t told Green and the others about the Space’s upgrade yet. Although the Space had raised some Messenger Fishes, their number wasn’t very large. Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to wait until all of the Fishman race’s matters got dealt with before telling Green and the others everything as well as handing them some Messenger Fish. In any case, they had gone uncommunicative before, and it wasn’t a big deal.

Zhao Hai and the others sat in the Space while the blade scale whale swam towards the Soul Sucking Reef. They were eager to know what is inside





is inside the place.

It didn’t take long before the blade scale whale entered the reef. Its insides were beautiful, there were strange shapes everywhere that would attract anyone’s gaze. The inside was like a totally different world, completely detached from the world outside. One might even see the shapes of some of the continent’s animals on the corals.

Zhao Hai and the others forgot about their initial purpose of coming here as they gawked at the beautiful scenery. The reef was that beautiful. Besides the reef, there were also a lot of plants as well as small fishes inside. The bodies of these fishes had attractive patterns on them making it extremely adorable to the women. Laura and the others were nudging Zhao Hai to catch some of these fishes.

Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t decline, he caught some fishes and placed them in the Space. Laura and the others then had a glass tank and filled it with seawater. Then Zhao Hai placed the small fishes on the glass tank for them to look at.

Laura and the others were looking at the fishes, swimming around in a very attractive manner. This made Zhao Hai force a smile.

Zhao Hai turned his attention back to the monitor, he wanted to see where they were at, but this made his startled. When Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai, they immediately turned their attention to the screen. The Laura said, “Brother Hai, what’s wrong?” Zhao Hai didn’t speak as he pointed to a corner of the screen. Zhao Hai enlarged the image and showed Laura and the others what was wrong.

On the screen, Zhao Hai’s group was represented by a small red while the other fishes were green dots. What made Zhao Hai surprised was the movement of their red dot. The red dot was circling around one area, not deviating from this circular course. It was as if it was trapped by something.

This astonished Zhao Hai, one shouldn’t forget that the blade scale whale is an undead, so it didn’t depend

it didn’t depend on its eyes for perception. However, it was still trapped, it seems like this Soul Sucking Reef is living up to its reputation.

Laura and the others also saw what was going on. They couldn’t help but stare in amazement, they didn’t expect that they would experience such a thing.

Zhao Hai immediately came out of the Space and went to the blade scale whale. He sat inside the body and felt that everything was going normal. The whale seems to be going forward and the scenery was constantly changing, he couldn’t see any duplicates in what he saw.

Laura and the others also went out with Zhao Hai. When they saw the situation, they were shocked, Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what’s all this about?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I also don’t know. But I’m sure that this is related to that magic formation. No need to think about it too much, what we have to do is go forward.” Then Zhao Hai didn’t mind the outside scenery as he directed the blade scale whale to go in a straight line. When the whale finally left its circle path, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, “Did the scenery change?”

Laura shook her head and said, “No, it just felt like the whale took a small turn. Everything else didn’t change.”

Zhao Hai nodded, he now understood how formidable this formation was. It can actually bewitch not only people, but the undead as well. Otherwise, the blade scale whale wouldn’t have been duped.

However, this had made Zhao Hai even more curious. He now believed that what he would obtain in this place wouldn’t be very simple.

Zhao Hai continued to direct the whale to go in a straight line. A short while after the whale breaks out from its circular path, it would return to going in circles, which would then prompt Zhao Hai to change its course. Fortunately, Zhao Hai had the monitor, otherwise he would be trapped inside this reef.





* * *





Chapter 646 – Tai Ji Eight Trigrams Chart?

After crossing through nine traps, the whale had finally maintained its straight direction without going in circles once more. However, Zhao Hai can actually feel anxiety. He felt that the thing that he was looking for was already quite near.

Laura and the others were anxiously staring at the monitor as well. The screen was now bigger than it was back in the trench. Back there, the monitor can only look at about 100 meters away, it seems like its ability was suppressed by the God-ranked core.

The situation at this time was very different, but it wasn’t anything better. It can still only display about 200 meters in front.

However, this also managed to make Zhao Hai happy. After all, when the monitor was suppressed, they had managed to acquire a God-ranked core, making the Space level up in the process. Although the suppression was weaker, only about 200 meters, the thing inside should still managed to nudge the amount required by the Space to level up.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also become careful. They hadn’t met an attack the last time because of Cai’er’s presence. However, the situation this time is completely opposite. The place where they are now suppresses the Demon Realm aura. If they were to meet an attack, then it was possible for it to be quite dangerous. Therefore, Zhao Hai had Laura and the others enter the Space while he stayed inside the whale, urging it to go forward.

After going forward for several minutes, Zhao Hai suddenly felt a very formidable aura wash over him. He immediately made the blade scale whale stop and had some undead fishes to take a look. Nobody from the outside can see the undead, so they can exhibit all of their abilities here.

At this time, a long figure arrived. Zhao Hai looked at this figure and knew that it was a 9th rank magic beast. When that long figure





saw Zhao Hai, its tail immediately flashed as a blue light travelled towards the Blade Scale Whale.

Zhao Hai didn’t have the opportunity to dodge, the blue light came too fast. When he saw the light, it had already hit the blade scale whale. The whale felt the shock, but there was no further damage.

Zhao Hai identified the long figure as a 9th rank electric eel. It discharged a very powerful shock. However, electric attacks were completely ineffective against the undead.

The electric eel’s electricity might be a problem for other magic beasts, but the undead were different. The undead couldn’t be paralyzed, making the electric eel’s abilities virtually useless.

Zhao Hai waved his hand as his undead threw themselves towards the electric eel. The eel didn’t expect that his attack would be useless. One must know that the intellect of 9th rank beasts were no different than normal humans. So when it saw the undead, it immediately dodged as it discharged even more attacks, but to zero effect.

Zhao Hai calmly looked at his undead, he knew that the electric eel’s attacks wouldn’t work. It might be strong against beasts, but for the undead, it doesn’t really affect them.

Sure enough, the electric eel found itself at a dilemma. When he stopped attacking, it was already too late, he was now surrounded by the undead. Naturally, the undead weren’t polite, one of the swordfish undead attacked the eel to death.

Zhao Hai then released a black gas that enveloped the electric eel. When the gas vanished, the eel turned into an undead creature.

9th rank beasts can speak, so Zhao Hai called it over and asked, “What is ahead of here?”

Since the electric eel can answer, it immediately said, “Young Master, up ahead is a strange flower. Since I was little, I always found that flower to be comfortable, so I stayed by its side all the time.”

Zhao Hai looked at the eel and asked, “Flower?”

The electric eel nodded and said, “Yes, Young





Young Master, it’s a very big flower, moreover, it is also very attractive!”

Zhao Hai immediately responded, “Let’s go, let me see it.” Then the eel complied as it lead Zhao Hai towards the same flower that it described.

Upon seeing the flower, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get shocked. This wasn’t a flower that he had seen in the sea. This was a lotus flower!

The lotus was very big, its blue petals were arranged in nine layers. It was very beautiful. Most importantly, the middle of the lotus wasn’t actually a seed base. There was another lotus flower inside, it seemed to be like 9th rank lotus bud.

Zhao Hai stared at this flower, he didn’t expect this thing to appear at this place. Lotuses weren’t usually found at the sea. For this one to be here was extremely strange.

However, Zhao Hai immediately became happy, this was the first time that he had come across a lotus in this world. He had seen other similar Earth plants on the continent, however, all of them were variations from what Zhao Hai imagined. This lotus was the first one that Zhao Hai can really describe as a genuine lotus.

Then Zhao Hai turned to the electric eel and said, “Are there any other flowers such as this?”

The eel answered, “There nothing else, Young Master, only this one.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he immediately went to the lotus and had the monitor examine it. He wanted to see the underside of the lotus.

Sure enough, Zhao Hai can see the lotus root under the flower. Although the root only had a thickness of an arm, it was as transparent as a crystal, it looked very tender as well.

Zhao Hai didn’t take the lotus immediately, he still wanted to see how long the roots were. Therefore, he continued to follow the root until he can see its end.

Zhao Hai looked for a long time but still cannot find the end of the lotus’ root. It seemed like





seemed like the root has no end, it was very long. Zhao Hai frowned but he still didn’t stop. He felt that this lotus was becoming more and more extraordinary. If other other lotuses had such long roots, it might have already grown new buds, but this lotus only had one.

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai placed his anxiety away. Then he continued to find the tip of the lotus’ root.

Zhao Hai found a problem after searching for a long time. The lotus root started to extend, and it seems like it ran underneath the entire Soul Sucking Reef.

This finding made Zhao Hai excited, if its really like what he thought, then the magic formation of the Soul Sucking Reef might have been caused by the lotus root. If that is really the case, then he might have found another treasure.

A day had passed by but Zhao Hai still wasn’t able to find the tip of the lotus root. However, he didn’t give up, he took a rest and had Cai’er replace him. At this point, he can confirm that this lotus root does indeed cover the entirety of the Soul Sucking Reef.

The next day, Zhao Hai finally found the tip of the root. When he found the end, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be stunned. The ends of the root turned out to be circular. Then there was a curved dividing line in the middle of the circle. Then with the circumference of the root, it had actually turned into a Taiji Yin-Yang circle.

And when he traced the image of the roots and zoomed out, Zhao Hai can see that the reef, and the lotus root actually formed a natural Tai Ji Eight Trigrams Chart, with the lotus flower placed in the middle of it.

Zhao Hao stared at the diagram on the screen while being startled deep inside. He didn’t think that he would encounter this diagram in this world. This image was too familiar, it was a

it was a unique design in Chinese culture.

He couldn’t help but gawk at the mystery of creation and its ability to form a diagram like this naturally. No wonder the Demon Realm’s aura got suppressed. The Tai Ji Eight Trigrams Chart was a Daoist diagram that could restrain various Demonic creatures. For this big diagram to be placed right beside the trench meant that the Devil Trench has been suppressed all this time.

Zhao Hai knew what this chart was, however, it was different for Laura and the others. Laura and the others curiously looked at the monitor and asked, “Brother Hai, what did you find?”

Zhao Hai recovered, then he laughed out loudly and said, “We had found something good. In fact, we had found a treasure!! Fantastic, this is really fantastic. Hahaha”

Laura and the others stared at Zhao Hai, they couldn’t understand what made Zhao Hai this happy. After some time, Zhao Hai recovered, he didn’t explain the chart to Laura and the others since it was quite complicated. At the same time, Zhao Hai can only understand about half of it, so he really doesn’t have the qualifications to explain.

Zhao Hai looked at the others and then smiled faintly, “Just know that we gained something good. I can’t tell it to you right now. In any case, we must absorb the entire Soul Sucking Reef into the Space.”

Laura and the others stared blankly, then they shifted their gazes towards the reef. The Soul Sucking Reed is very huge. They even needed two days to travel through it. Can they really absorb the entire thing into the Space?

Zhao Hai also knew about this issue, so he couldn’t help but knit his brows. Then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, can we absorb the entire reef into the Space?”

Cai’er looked at the reef and nodded, “I can, however, this area might have something special going on. So I need the help of Bubbles in order to accomplish it.”





* * *





Chapter 647 – Innate Treasure

When Zhao Hai heard Cai’er, he couldn’t help but be surprised. He looked at her and said, “Does that little guy have the strength to help you out?”

Cai’er just smiled and said, “Young Master, don’t underestimate that fellow. He is the source of Myriad Water. He is a very strong underwater. With his help, I would definitely be able to absorb the entire reef into the Space.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his hand to grab Bubble while pinching it a good amount of times. Naturally, this doesn’t affect Bubble, it wasn’t able to hurt him. After all, Bubble really didn’t care about what form he was in.

While Bubble was being grabbed by Zhao Hai, he tried to flee towards Laura’s arms. However, he was stopped by Zhao Hai, “If you run away, I will roast you. Making you into a boiling Bubble. Go and help Cai’er absorb the reef into the Space. That thing is useful to me.”

Bubble doesn’t dare offend Zhao Hai. Although he always stayed in the Space with Laura and the others while acting stubborn towards ZHao Hai, he was still very afraid of angering this Young Master of his. He was already part of the Space, and if Zhao Hai wanted to deal with him, he only needs to think about it and Bubble would disappear. And Zhao Hai can still retain his powers while making a new Bubble, a much different one compared to the original.

Therefore, Bubble doesn’t dare to neglect this command, so he immediately flattered Zhao Hai, “Young Master can feel relieved. As long as the Young Master needs me, I would go through fire and water for you.”

Zhao Hai tapped his own head, he feels a little headache. He already knows what kind of person Bubble was, so why does it feel the need to flatter him?

In the end, Zhao Hai decided to ignore it, he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, you can begin.” Cai’er nodded, then she turned to Bubble and said, “Bubble, imprison the water here, make it clump up before I absorb it to the Space.”

Bubble nodded and said, “So it’s





only this? This is too simple.” Then his figure disappeared as he exited from the Blade Scale Whale while Zhao Hai and the others observe him.

Bubble was seen floating there, his body rotated as he loudly said, “Surrender to the Myriad Water, condense!” After hearing this voice, Zhao Hai and the others can see that the Soul Sucking Reef had experienced a change. The water in the entire reef seems to have suddenly solidified. The water around it became stationary along with the fishes inside. Everything looks as though it was sealed in ice. However, the solidified water didn’t turn to ice.

Zhao Hai hasn’t seen this side of Bubble before. This guy always had a playful look as Laura and the others play with him like a pet or a naughty child. Zhao Hai couldn’t imagine that this blob would be this strong.

Seeing that Bubble had delivered, Cai’er immediately said, “Absorb!” Then a spatial rift appeared and enveloped the entire reef like big pocket.

The reef was directly taken from the sea to the Space, even including the rocks ten meters under the sea.

Seeing this, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er don’t put it in the Space’s sea. Look for a remote place close to the villa, prepare a place and place it there.”

Cai’er nodded, then a large pond appeared right close to the villa where the reef was placed in. Cai’er directed seawater towards the big pond, then she placed a small hole on the side, making sure that there was running water in the pond.

After the Soul Sucking Reef got absorbed to the Space, a prompt was then heard, “Innate Treasure found. Going in accordance to the highest good in Taoism. Laws of Heaven and Earth detected. Space Levels up. Space is now level 65. Host officially achieves God-rank. May now use Heaven and Earth energy. This was a very good level up. Hoping for the Host’s further effort.”

Zhao Hai stared before he exploded with joy. He didn’t think that the lotus was actually deemed to be an Innate Treasure by the Space. It was actually a treasure that was naturally produced, which also contained





contained the laws of Heaven and Earth. This harvest was indeed extremely good.

Moreover Zhao Hai can feel that the Space’s classification of God-rank was different than outside. It seems like God-rank for the Space was much stronger than the God-ranks of the outside world.

But Zhao Hai had noticed something different from this level up. It didn’t say anything about the undead or the beasts being upgraded. Other than him being a true God-rank, nothing else has changed.

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and probably guessed the reason. In the past, whether it be the God’s Blood or the God-rank Core, they were all based on energy, so it can manage to improve everything. On the other hand, the Soul Sucking Reef was a treasure that was based on the laws of the Heaven and the Earth. This law requires people to comprehend it. Therefore, the Space couldn’t upgrade the beasts and the undead.

After thinking through this point, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. He really got a treasure this time. Moreover, this treasure can still be upgraded. Although Zhao Hai had no idea how to improve this treasure, he can still find some time to research it in the future.

With Zhao Hai making this big move, it was impossible for Luo Ying and the others to not know about it. At this time, Luo Ying had arrived right by Zhao Hai’s Blade Scale Whale, staring blankly at the pit that Zhao Hai just made. This time, they had finally witnessed the might of Zhao Hai. Nobody but him can make the entire Soul Sucking Reef vanish completely.

Zhao Hai also noticed Luo Ying, so he turned his head and smiled, “General, I apologize, I just noticed that there was a naturally formed magic formation here. It’s very dangerous, so I took the chance to take it away.”

Luo Ying recovered, then she looked at Zhao Hai and saw the happy expression on his face. Although she didn’t know what just happened, she was sure that Zhao Hai just obtained something good. As for Zhao Hai’s gain, Luo Ying had no intention of asking about it. As far as she knows, it was





it was virtually useless for her. Even if it was the largest treasure, the Fishman Race still haven’t managed to understand it after all these years. If Zhao Hai obtains it, then it was good. Moreover, he also got to erase a danger to the Fishman Race.

Luo Ying gave a salute and said, “I congratulate Mister and also wanted to express gratitude in behalf of our Fishman Race for erasing this hidden danger.”

When Zhao Hai heard Luo Ying, he stared for a moment before he smiled to her and said, “The General is too polite.” At this time, Zhao Hai was pulling a thumbs up for Luo Ying deep inside. She was truly worthy to be a general. She can actually notice that he had obtained a treasure just by observation.

Seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t deny it, Luo Ying became glad. This means that Zhao Hai was an honest person. So she smiled and said, “Mister, please come with me. I will be giving the Water Refining technique to you.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll be right behind the General.” Then he commanded the Blade Scale Whale to head towards the Azure Dragon Snake.

Upon arriving inside the snail and having sat down, Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “I don’t want to alarm the General. Soul Sucking Reef is actually a naturally formed magic formation. I don’t know how to use this formation, so I planned to take it back in order to study it. Right, I forgot to tell the General last time. The Devil Trench actually houses a core of a high level Demon Realm magic beast. The Devil Octopus is actually a beast that was polluted by that core. The Core has already been destroyed by me, the octopi have been seized as well. There won’t be any problems in the future, the General can rest assured.”

Luo Ying knit her brows and said, “That the Devil Trench actually has a Demon Realm’s magic beast core? Is this a plot by the Demon Realm?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m not sure. This core is a treasure in the Demon Realm, so no Demon should be

Demon should be willing to just place it here. However, it is also good to keep guard. If there’s anything that you can’t solve in the future, then don’t hesitate to tell me about it. I will do my best to find a solution. We must gather our strengths before the attack of the Divine Race and the Demon Realm. We should be stable as we prepare for the dozens of battles to come.”

Luo Ying nodded, then she took out a beast skin scroll and handed it over to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this is our Mermaid Race’s Water Refining Technique. I hope that it can be useful for mister. Is Mister preparing to head to the Continent? Her Majesty also asks you to see her.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “General can rest assured, I will certainly see Her Majesty. After all, I’ve already promised before. Will General not go back with us?”

Luo Ying shook her head and said, “I’m unable to go back now. I still have a lot of things to do. I’m simply unable to find free time.”

Zhao Hai gave a nod, “Alright, then we’ll rest for a day here before heading towards Mermaid Island tomorrow. After seeing Her Majesty, I will then be returning to the Continent.”

Luo Ying nodded and said, “Then I won’t be disturbing Mister anymore. You have been working hard in the past few days.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave Luo Ying a salute before turning around to leave.

When Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately opened the beast skin scroll and carefully read it. He was genuinely curious about this Water Refining Technique.

The Water Refining Technique wasn’t long, nor was it difficult. There were two points in this method, one was the requirement for water. The water to be used needed to be high quality. The better the quality, the better the item that was going to be produced.

The second point was about the controlling of the water. Along with its requirement for water, the control that was required for this technique was high as well. Even most water element magic formation doesn’t require this intricate control of water.





* * *





Chapter 648 – Startling Changes

However, Zhao Hai had no problems dealing with these two points. As for the high quality water, he has Bubble. At the same time, who else was suitable for controlling water than Bubble?

Besides these two characteristics, there was also another property to this Water Refining Technique. It was that it was slow. Comparing Fire and Water Refining Techniques, Fire Refining Techniques were much faster. Fire Refining techniques uses fire to refine metals and other materials by hitting them with a hammer, removing impurities from these materials with each round of hammering.

Water Refining technique also has the same process but it uses water instead of fire. Naturally, control of water was extremely important in this process. If one was bad at control, then they would risk the destruction of the material, making it unable to be used anymore. Water Refining technique might remove impurities, however, it actually doesn’t change the composition of the material, instead, it actually makes it much stronger and sturdier.

An advantage to Water Refining technique that was different from Fire Refining techniques was that the usage of water makes it possible to refine more types of materials compared to using fire.

Actually, the Humans also have some sort of Water Refining technique. For example, spear shafts, these shafts were needed to be immersed in water before they were going to be used. After a lot of steps, these would then be qualified to be part of a spear. If one were to look at it, then it was exactly like refining that used water. However, this method was different. The Water Refining technique of the Fishmen was used to get rid of impurities, while the Water Refining technique of Humans was just to make their spear shafts much tougher.

On the other hand, the Fishmen also used Human techniques in their refining. While using their refining techniques, they would also incorporate many materials together in order to make new and improved items.

After reading through the Water refining scroll, Zhao Hai sighed. This Water Refining technique is truly a one of a





kind technique. In fact, Zhao Hai believed that Humans might be able to use it, but in a lower probability of success. Purifying water can be done through distillation, the only problem would be the control of water.

But all of these wasn’t a problem for Zhao Hai. The reason why the Mermaids created this Water Refining technique was so that they wouldn’t rely on Human-made weapons. Therefore, most of the materials used in this technique originated in the Sea. And since Zhao Hai had the Space’s ocean, he had the proper requirements to perform the technique.

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you don’t need to be anxious. The Divine Race wouldn’t be coming soon.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he knew that Laura was just doing this in order to comfort him. And how can he not be anxious, the Radiant Church and the Dragon Clan’s moves had become more and more frequent. Zhao Hai reckoned that the time of the Divine Race’s move was not far.

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but loudly sigh. Then he turned to Laura and said, “Let’s go and take a walk before resting. Then we’ll head to Mermaid Island tomorrow.” Laura and the others didn’t decline as they followed Zhao Hai.

Unknowingly, the group arrived at the big pond where the Soul Sucking Reef was placed in. Zhao Hai didn’t call it the Soul Sucking Reef anymore, instead, he changed its name to Tai Ji Pond.

Zhao Hai looked at the lotus’ naturally formed Tai Ji Eight Trigrams Chart and couldn’t help but become calm. He let out a long breath as he looked at the lotus flower. He couldn’t help but smile as he remembered his time back on Earth.

Then suddenly, Zhao Hai remembered that the Water Refining Technique was able to refine a lot of materials. The Fishmen had done experiments wherein they refined living plants and animals. Although it had a small chance of success, it would yield good results if it were to succeed. Refined plants and animals would become much better than their





their unrefined counterparts.

When he thought about this, Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but shine. He immediately loudly called, “Bubble!” Then Bubble quickly floated towards him saying, “Young Master, you called me.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Bubble and said, “We had acquired method of Water Refining. I will have Cai’er teach you how to do it later, then Cai’er shall provide you with living plants as well as minerals to experiment on. When you fully master the technique you’ll be living here in the Tai Ji Pond. Go and refine everything inside here, the lotus flower, the root, the stones, everything, even the small fishes. As long as I don’t call you, don’t stop refining. Understood?”

Bubble thought for a moment and said, “Young Master, I know how to read, there’s no need for Cai’er to teach me. That little girl is too hateful. I don’t need her, I can learn by myself.”

When Zhao Hai heard this, he stared, then he looked puzzlingly at Bubble and said, “Bubble, you know how to read characters? Who taught you?”

Bubble shook his head and said, “I don’t know, the only thing I can remember is that I’ve always been literate. That knowledge came along with the images of women from before. As for the other specifics, I really have no idea.”

Zhao Hai looked at Bubble and said, “You really can’t remember anything?”

Bubble nodded, “Young Master, the only things I can remember were the figure of a woman as well as characters. Nothing else.”

Zhao Hai knitted his brows, he was confused about this matter. In the end, he can only give the beast skin scroll over to Bubble and said, “Alright, you go read this thing. Remember, make sure to take care in refining things in this pond. If you do badly, then I will boil you and make you into tea.”

Bubble shivered in fright, he immediately nodded and said, “Young Master, rest assured, I will certainly follow your orders.” Then he unrolled the beast skin scroll and read a bit before looking at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I’ll





Master, I’ll be heading back and do some experiments.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, provide Bubble with everything he needs to experiment with. Don’t use good things. As long as he masters it completely, immediately have him enter the Tai Ji Pond.” Cai’er nodded, then she turned to Bubble and smiled, which frightened Bubble so much that he ran away. While running, Bubble said, “Young Master, there’s no need for her to look for materials. I’ll go and acquire them myself!”

Cai’er coldly snorted as she yelled back, “You dared to call me little girl as well as hateful, you stinky Bubble, you’re dead. I’ll boil you into hot water.” Then she chased after Bubble, leaving Zhao Hai and the others behind.

Zhao Hao looked at the two and could’t help but chuckle. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Look at this, Cai’er had taken you as an example. She’s now saying that she’ll boil Bubble. You should know that Bubble is really afraid of being boiled alive.”

Zhao Hai laughed and then said, “Of course I know, but that Bubble has extremely thick skin, so he’ll definitely be fine. If you don’t threaten that fellow, then he won’t move. It’ll be good for us to have Cai’er looking after him.”

Laura and the others laughed as well. Cai’er had a deep connection with the Space. So she always places Bubble and Mu’er in check. However, she was also quite playful and wanted to play tricks, making Bubble’s life interesting.

Mu’er was usually right by Zhao Hai’s side, so Cai’er couldn’t move him most of the time. Additionally, Mu’er always kept his calm, making him a bad target for Cai’er’s pranks. Therefore, Cai’er stopped going after Mu’er and shifted her attention to Bubble. Bubble was a rascal and doesn’t want to surrender easily. He was a perfect target for Cai’er’s antics.

However, this doesn’t mean that their relationship wasn’t good. In fact, they were quite harmonious, Cai’er liked playing with Bubble while Bubble also liked being chased around by Cai’er.

At this time, Lizzy looked at the pond and

the pond and said, “Big Brother Hai, will you really trust Bubble in refining this pool? This thing is a treasure, much more valuable than the God-ranked magic beast core. The core upgraded the Space by one level while this lotus actually upgraded it by five. If Bubble fails in refining it, then wouldn’t it be a pity?’

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “There’s nothing to pity about. Refining might be the only way of evolving this thing. Forget it, there’s no point in worrying about something we don’t have any hold of. We’ll just have Bubble be extremely careful in doing it. With his control over water, I don’t think that there would be any issues.”

Lizzy didn’t say anything else. This Tai Ji Pond and the lotus flower were really too strange. Even Zhao Hai didn’t know how this thing came about. They can only try what they could to upgrade it. In any case, they had acquired a new weapon for the future.

At this time, Cai’er suddenly ran over to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, Grandpa Kun came and was looking for you. It looks like an urgent matter.”

Zhao Hai nodded as his figure vanished and reappeared inside Kun’s office. When he saw Zhao Hai, Kun calmed his worried expression before he said, “Little Hai, something very important just happened.”

Zhao Hai replied, “Grandpa Kun, tell me.”

Kun sighed and said, “Yesterday, the Ocean Waves Dynasty suddenly announced that they would be handing their throne over to the Radiant Church. Their nation is now renamed to the Radiant Empire. It declared to be a nation that devotes itself to the worship of the Radiant God. At the same time, the Dragon Race suddenly attacked the Lyon Empire. The Lyon Empire’s famous cavalry suddenly rebelled and in just one day, the Lyon Empire fell. The Dragon Race changed the nation’s name to Saint Dragon Empire. They also announced their alliance with the Radiant Empire. At this point, the Dragons has complete control of the Lyon Empire while the Radiant Church has complete control of the Ocean Waves Dynasty.”





* * *





Chapter 649 – The Dragons Must Be Eliminated

Zhao Hai stared blankly at Kun. Due to the shock, his mind has been unable to process the information for a short time. Zhao Hai felt that something just exploded inside his head, obliterating every thought that he had at the moment.

The news was just too sudden. After dealing with the matters of the Fishman Race, Zhao Hai was planning to wipe out the Dragons, eliminating one of the hands of the Divine Race. After that, he would slowly start to move against the Radiant Church.

However, he didn’t expect that the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race would make this sudden move. Moreover, they had taken two empires simultaneously. Although the Ocean Waves Dynasty was the fifth largest Empire and was quite small, it was known that their navy was quite invincible. Their strong navy was due to their lands being surrounded by the sea from three sides, which also made their naval transport very good.

At this point, Zhao Hai didn’t care much about sea warfare. He has the Fishman Race as allies. Even if the Ocean Wave Dynasty’s navy was know to be invincible, it was only in comparison to other Human powers. The Dynasty’s navy would have no chance in facing the Fishman Race at sea.

On the other hand, the Lyon Empire was a whole different story. The Lyon Empire was known as the second most powerful nation in the Continent. Their strength was formidable and because they were close to the Accra Mountains, they can gather wild beasts en mass then have those beasts become mounts to their Magic beast Cavalry.

A Cavalry that was made up of wild magic beasts was always more formidable than one with magic beasts that were bred. Therefore, the Lyon Empire’s Magic Beast Cavalry was well renowned in the entire continent for its strength. In fact, this mighty nation was brought to its knees by their own Magic Beast Cavalry.

Zhao Hai slowly calmed himself down as he pondered on the consequences that were brought up by this development. He planned to eliminate the Dragons because they were legends that lived in the Accra Mountain. If Zhao Hai were to kill them, then nobody would make a fuss.

But this time, the Dragons had actually taken control of





Lyon Empire. This meant that if Zhao Hai were to deal with the Dragons, he would have to deal with the Lyon Empire first.

Zhao Hai didn’t believe that the Lyon Empire fell because of the Magic Beast Cavalry rebellion and the attack of the Dragons. Capturing an Empire wasn’t that easy.

The smooth takeover of the Dragons was surely aided by the nobles of the Lyon Empire. In other words, the Dragons and the Radiant Church were already controlling the Empire long time ago, they just decided to reveal it at this time.

This was troublesome. If Zhao Hai wanted to deal with the Dragons, then he would have to wage war against the Lyon Empire. More importantly, Zhao Hai had thought about the reason why the Radiant Church and the Dragons decided to make this move. What did this mean? It might be because the Divine Race was close to attacking, therefore, the Radiant Church and the Dragon Clan controlled those two empires, allowing the Divine Race to have an initial footing in the continent.

Seeing that Zhao Hai hasn’t spoken for quite some time, Kun looked at him and said, “At this moment, the Ocean Waves Dynasty and the Lyon Empire are gone. Meanwhile, the Buddha Empire was in the midst of an attack from those two new empires. Now that the Dragons have shown themselves, the other Empires in the continent have become flustered. This was due to the title of invincibility that the Dragons have held all this time. This development caused huge waves in the other Empires. At the same time, their alliance with the Radiant Church boosted the church’s influence by a huge margin.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Kun and said, “What is the Rosen Empire’s response? How are they prepared to deal with this matter?”

Kun forced a smile and said, “What else can they do? Even if they don’t want to recognize the Dragon Race’s sovereignty to the Lyon Empire, they also don’t want to offend the Dragons. After all, the Dragons have great reputation. Also, whether they are young or fully grown, all Dragons are capable of flight. In this case, the Rosen Empire had no choice but to recognize the existence of the Saint Dragon Empire and the Radiant Empire.”

Zhao Hai slammed his hand





hand on the table, smashing it in the process. Then he talked through clenched teeth, “Radiant Church, Dragon Clan, I will not let you off easily.”

Kun gave out a sigh and said, “What do we do? I suspect that this is the prelude to the Divine Race’s invasion. If this is the case, then great troubles have come our way.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I have the same suspicion as well. The main thing we have to do is to destroy the Dragons first before the Divine Race arrive. Otherwise, the Dragons will provide the Divine Race with stable footing with their existing reputation. Moreover, the joint attack on the Buddha Empire is also very dangerous.”

Kun nodded, “It seems like the Divine Race will attack at any time. While they still haven’t come, we need to destroy the Dragons. Then we will deal with the Radiant Church later on.”

Zhao Hai nodded, “But it’s not time to act yet, wait for more news while I go and ask the Mermaid Queen for help in dealing with the Ocean Wave Dynasty’s navy. We need to stop them from supporting the Lyon Empire. After that, we’ll deal with the Dragons.”

Kun nodded, then Zhao Hai turned his hand and withdrew a bottle. The bottle held the Messenger Fish. Zhao Hai handed the bottle over to Kun and taught him how to use it. Then he produced two more bottles and gave it to Kun, having him hand it over to Blockhead and Rockhead later.

Kun was surprised when he saw the three Messenger Fishes. He didn’t think that this world would have such a thing, but he was still very happy. With these things, communication wouldn’t be a problem anymore.

Kun and the others already have their own Space Bags, so Zhao Hai didn’t hand them more and just told Kun that the bottles can be placed inside the bags. For this reason, Zhao Hai had made Bubble pay attention. If someone sends a message while the Messenger Fish was in his bag, then Bubble would go and inform Zhao Hai through the Space. Unless it was an important matter, Zhao Hai would keep his Messenger Fish inside his Space Bag.

After handing the fishes over to Kun, Zhao Hai immediately went to Iron Mountain Fort. Not only did he





did he give a Messenger Fish to Green, he also distributed some Messenger Fishes to the stewards of every village as well as to some people with status in the Black Wasteland. The reason why Zhao Hai decided to send the fishes right now was because their numbers had already reached a high enough number.

The Messenger Fishes weren’t very large. This was because Zhao Hai wanted them to be more convenient to use outside, so he had Cai’er further reduce their size. At this point, the Messenger Fishes were about two pinky joints big.

Moreover, after the level ups of the Space, the Messenger Fishes can now survive in any type of water and were very efficient in digesting food.

After dealing with the matters in Iron Mountain Fort, Zhao Hai then went to the Dwarves. He wanted to give Billy some Messenger fishes before telling him about the Dragon Race and the Radiant Church’s movement.

Zhao Hai didn’t care so much this time as he appeared directly inside his warehouse in Dwarf Mountain. When he came cout, the Dwarves outside the warehouse were very shocked, but it quickly turn to joy as they sent word to Billy. Zhao Hai didn’t dally and directly headed towards Billy’s office.

Billy was currently worried about the Dragons as well as the Radiant Church. The sudden move of the two surely gave them a huge blow, completely derailing the plans that they had thought up before. They were planning to slowly build their strength up until the fight with the Divine Race came. But now, it seems like it would be impossible due to the recent move of the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race.

The Radiant Church had some relations with the Divine Realm, and it was certain that they also knew about the Dwarves’ participation in the last Great War. Therefore, it was impossible for the Radiant Church to just let the Dwarves off this time. It was for certain that the Dwarves would get affected with the recent development.

While he was ruminating on his thoughts, word suddenly came, informing him of Zhao Hai’s arrival. This made Billy glad, he needed Zhao Hai to talk about this matter. And Zhao Hai’s arrival was too timely.

Just as Billy was about to meet Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai had come inside Billy’s office.

inside Billy’s office. Seeing his visitor, Billy couldn’t help but smile and said, “Little Hai, good, you came. Come, sit down.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and the sat opposite Billy before he said, “Patriarch, you should’ve known about the recent move of the Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church. How is everything going? Did the Dragons come in contact with you?”

Billy shook his head and said, “Not yet. Their move was very sudden this time, so they might not have the time to deal with us. How about you, what do you think we should do now?”

Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “You don’t have to worry too much, just do what you’ve been doing. However, you should be alert and be ready to fight. I think that the Radiant Church and the Dragon Clan not going after you meant that they had some other matters to attend to. However, you should still be careful.”

Billy nodded then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What about the Dragon Race and the Radiant Church, will you just be watching from the sidelines?”

Zhao Hai sneered, “They think that they had everything. It seems like I need to use my real strength. I must destroy the entire Dragon Race, after all, keeping them for long will just lead to more disaster!”

Billy couldn’t help but stare upon hearing Zhao Hai, then with great enthusiasm, he said, “Do you really want to eliminate the Dragons? Then count us in, we Dwarves are never afraid to fight.”

Zhao Hai looked at Billy and the smiled faintly “You don’t need to participate at this time. However, I do have something that needs your help. Sign this thing, having the mark of the Dwarf Race would suffice.” Then Zhao Hai got a beast skin scroll and handed it over to Billy.

Billy looked at the scroll and then read the contents. He couldn’t help but stare at it for quite some time before he nodded and said, “Alright, then I shall give our mark. I think it would be better to take this out a few days after the Dragon Race’s matter. At the same time, I shall also send word to the Elves. I believe they just won’t stay quiet this time. I just can’t understand why it would take them so long to respond.”





* * *





Chapter 650 – Seeing Their Reaction

Zhao Hai was going in good graces with the Elves with him wanting to repair their Divine Artifact . But how about them? After waiting for a long time for their reply, they were still quite silent about the matter . This made Zhao Hai speechless .

However, Zhao Hai would still want to have a proper response from the Elven Race . Therefore, he nodded and said, “Alright, then we’ll wait for the Elves’ response while I head to the Beastman Prairie . I’ll also have the Beast King sign this scroll, the same with the Fishman Race . As soon as the Elves send word, then use this to inform me . ” Then Zhao Hai took out a Messenger Fish and gave to Billy .

Billy looked curiously at the fishes, he had never heard of such a thing before . He continued to look at the swimming fish inside the bottles, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “This thing can directly speak to you?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Right, but not just me . It can also make you speak with other people . I don’t have a lot of Messenger Fishes, but here’s ten . You can give them to your people so that you can more conveniently communicate with them . ” Then he took out ten more bottles and handed them over to Billy, who received it with great happiness .

Zhao Hai also discussed some things with Billy . They weren’t something important, he just told Billy to not make any other moves and just keep doing what they were originally doing . However, he also made them get more alert to their surroundings . After that, Zhao Hai left the Dwarf Mountain and headed to the Beastman Prairie .

Zhao Hai went directly to the Beast King Palace . After Zhao Hai left, the people in the Palace were already instructed by the Beast King, Zhao Hai wouldn’t need to wait for approval in visiting the Palace, just have him enter immediately . However, Zhao Hai didn’t want to neglect standard procedure . So he went to the reception first before he was immediately escorted into the palace .





The Beast King didn’t hear much news from the continent . After all, the Prairie was too remote for information to quickly come through . Therefore, the Beast King was very surprised by Zhao Hai’s sudden appearance . However, he still greeted Zhao Hai and sat with him in the living room .

After having sat down, the Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Why did you come? Did something happen?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he sighed, “Something significant just happened . Yesterday, the Ocean Waves Dynasty suddenly announced that they would be handing the throne over to the Radiant Church . Now, the Dynasty no longer exists and was replaced by the Radiant Church . It is now called Radiant Empire and is fully controlled by the Radiant Church’s officials . At the same time, the Dragons suddenly came out of Accra Mountain and extinguished the Lyon Imperial Clan . After that, they founded the Saint Dragon Empire and had formed an alliance with the Radiant Church . ”

The Beast King stared for a moment before his expression changed . He immediately understood what this meant . As if by habit, he stood up and walked back and forth two times before he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “The Dragons must be destroyed . Their name is too famous that it instills fear to the people . If this continues, we wouldn’t be able to fight . ”

Zhao Hai stared at the Beast King, he didn’t expect him to understand the core of the matter . Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, I was planning to do exactly just that . I only came here to inform you of this matter while also reminding you to be alert . The Radiant Church might come and deal with you . Now that they have the help of the Dragons, they can come and attack you at any moment . Therefore, you must strengthen your defenses . ”

The Beast King nodded and then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Do you want us to dispatch some troops to deal with the Dragons?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No need, I can deal with them myself . However, I need your help to sign this . ” Then he handed the beast skin scroll over .

The Beast King read the scroll before marking it with the brand of the Beastmen . There’s nothing special in this scroll, it just mentioned the relationship between the Radiant Church and the Divine Race . It also contained the story regarding the Divine Race as well as the Demon Realm . This was something that Zhao Hai planned to show the Emperors of the nations as well as the Patriarchs of various Great Clans . He planned to have the signatures of the Beastmen, the Dwarves, the Fishmen, and the Elves before showing this scroll to the others . They needed to understand that they were currently facing the same enemy!





The Beast King read the scroll before marking it with the brand of the Beastmen . There’s nothing special in this scroll, it just mentioned the relationship between the Radiant Church and the Divine Race . It also contained the story regarding the Divine Race as well as the Demon Realm . This was something that Zhao Hai planned to show the Emperors of the nations as well as the Patriarchs of various Great Clans . He planned to have the signatures of the Beastmen, the Dwarves, the Fishmen, and the Elves before showing this scroll to the others . They needed to understand that they were currently facing the same enemy!

The Beast King approved of Zhao Hai’s procedure . He’s a King therefore he knew that since the Radiant Church and the Dragons have begun, it was also time for Zhao Hai to make his move . Therefore, Zhao Hai prepared this scroll ahead of time so that when he goes to the Humans, they would immediately unite against the great tribulation that was coming .

After the Beast King signed the scroll, Zhao Hai immediately took out a Messenger Fish bottle and handed it over to the Beast King while explaining its function . Then he took out 10 more bottles for the Beast King to use . This made the King very happy . Although the Beastmen had hawks for communication, they still fell quite short compared to the Messenger Fish .

After handling the matters of the Beastmen, Zhao Hai immediately returned to the Space . Laura and the others were also waiting for him inside . To be honest, they were still shaken dizzy by the news that they didn’t know what to do .

Seeing that Zhao Hai had come back, Laura and the others immediately went to him and said, “Brother Hai, what do we do now? Will we go and extinguish the Dragons?’

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s the only thing we could do in order to keep the damage at the minimum . Their bodies are too tough while they have huge strength . They shouldn’t have appeared in the continent, but they had actually sided themselves with the Divine Race . In the Fishman records, these Dragons had become the vanguard of the Divine Race’s war . One could say that the Dragons would do the brunt of the work while the God would move once in a while . It was only because of the Divine Artifacts injuring the God that the war had ended . With this information, it would be impossible for us to just let the Dragons roam free while waiting for the attack from the Divine Race . ”

Laura nodded, she also knew that in the previous war, the Divine Race had only sent one person to do the job . The main force of the combat came into the hands of the Dragons and their Lesser Dragon subordinates along with some rebels from the Ark Continent’s side . The moves that the Divine Race God had done was actually quite a few . Therefore, Zhao Hai’s plan to eliminate the Dragons was quite understandable .

After she gave a nod, Laura asked, “So when do we begin?” At this point, Laura was very confident . Zhao Hai had a lot of 9th rank undead, several millions of them . With this number of 9th ranks, even if the Dragons were formidable, they still couldn’t stand a chance against Zhao Hao’s force .

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “Let’s not be too quick about this . Let’s have the Dragons savor their victory for a few days . We’ll wait after we get the Elves’ signature before beginning . Hmph . The Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church had just obtained their countries, so they still need to stabilize their situation . We still have time . ”





After she gave a nod, Laura asked, “So when do we begin?” At this point, Laura was very confident . Zhao Hai had a lot of 9th rank undead, several millions of them . With this number of 9th ranks, even if the Dragons were formidable, they still couldn’t stand a chance against Zhao Hao’s force .

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “Let’s not be too quick about this . Let’s have the Dragons savor their victory for a few days . We’ll wait after we get the Elves’ signature before beginning . Hmph . The Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church had just obtained their countries, so they still need to stabilize their situation . We still have time . ”

Laura nodded . Although the Dragon Race and the Radiant Church didn’t take too much work in usurping the two nations since they had the support of the nobles, the countries still had a massive amount of commoners that needed to be appeased . Although the countries haven’t experience war this time, they were still susceptible for rebellion . It will still take quite some time before they fully stabilize their situation .

If other forces were to suddenly extinguish the Lyon Empire, then the Rosen Empire and the Buddha Empire would certainly dispatch their army . And even if they couldn’t defeat them, at the very least they could still get some profits off of them . However, since the new rulers of the Lyon Empire were Dragons, the Buddha and Rosen Empires have chosen to refrain from sending troops and instead just recognize the Dragons’ sovereignty over the Empire .

This was also the reason why Zhao Hai chose to eliminate the Dragons!

The reputation of the Dragons in the continent was just too big . They were basically synonymous with invincibility, every race were afraid of them . This reputation was exactly what was left of their conquest in helping the Divine Race . The Human records have been changed severely that the strength of the Dragons was the only one that was left written down .

Zhao Hai saw this as something that the Radiant Church had done . They had changed the history of the Humans while leaving behind the legend of the Dragon Race . This was to control the mindset of the future generations whenever they decide to deal with the legendary beings in Accra Mountain .

All of this caused Zhao Hai to think about extinguishing the Dragon Race . First was to avoid further disaster, second, to break an arm of the Divine Race, and third, to let people understand that Dragons aren’t invincible .

Naturally, if Zhao Hai didn’t exist, then the Dragons would surely be close to being invincible . After all, in addition to their innate strengths, their bodies were quite tough as well . Most importantly, they were capable of flight . This was something that the continent would deem as a nightmare .

But unfortunately for them, Zhao Hai had appeared in the continent . Even if the Dragons were quite close to being invincible, Zhao Hai would still make sure to break their reputation .



All of this caused Zhao Hai to think about extinguishing the Dragon Race . First was to avoid further disaster, second, to break an arm of the Divine Race, and third, to let people understand that Dragons aren’t invincible .

Naturally, if Zhao Hai didn’t exist, then the Dragons would surely be close to being invincible . After all, in addition to their innate strengths, their bodies were quite tough as well . Most importantly, they were capable of flight . This was something that the continent would deem as a nightmare .

But unfortunately for them, Zhao Hai had appeared in the continent . Even if the Dragons were quite close to being invincible, Zhao Hai would still make sure to break their reputation .

Although he had decided on his action, Zhao Hai was still carefully calculating his moves . He didn’t want something to suddenly happen and undermine his plans .

After carefully thinking about everything, Zhao Hai started to feel relieved . In fact, Zhao Hai also understood that even if the Divine Race would make a sudden move, he could still get all of the people in the continent to transfer to his Space . In addition to the main world, Zhao Hai also had an additional 20 backgrounds to live in . More importantly, security wasn’t a problem while inside the Space .

It was because of this assurance that Zhao Hai dared to go against the Divine Race . As long as he had the Space, Zhao Hai believed that he would be able to defeat them .

After resting for one day, Zhao Hai said his farewells to Luo Ying before riding the blade scale whale and heading towards Mermaid Island . Zhao Hai didn’t use his Space to go there since he wanted to use this time to wait for the response from the Elves . At the same time, he also wanted to know how the Fishmen respond after hearing the recent news .





* * *





Chapter 651 – Startling the Mermaid Queen

Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about the Beastmen and the Dwarves . He had fixed their Divine Artifact, making them grateful to him . Because of this, Zhao Hao told them his plans as soon as he can .

However, Zhao Hai was still in deep suspicion towards the Elves . He didn’t know if this was really their nature, or there was a hidden plot happening that made them delay the matter . Because of this, Zhao Hai plans to wait for their reaction . Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid that the Elves would tell the Dragons about his inquiries, after all, he was already unmatched in the whole of Ark Continent .

As for the Fishmen, Zhao Hai didn’t worry about them at all . The Fishmen had great enmity with the Divine Race, which also transferred to the Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church . Zhao Hai was extremely comfortable with them being in his side .

However, Zhao Hai also knew how careful the Fishmen were . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have founded the Sea God’s Merchant Union in order to get news from the continent . And it was for certain that the Mermaids had already received the news about the Radiant Church and the Dragons . Zhao Hai wanted to see their response upon receiving this information .

One must know that for these big races, there was no enmity that can’t be solved . Anything can happen in the name of benefit . If the Fishmen really did think that the Divine Race was powerful, then they may stop their alliance with Zhao Hai .

The Beastmen and the Dwarves have their own Divine Artifacts, so they already knew that their races were also hostile to the Radiant Church’s patrons . This made it impossible for them to side with the Radiant Church for benefit . Therefore, they sided with Zhao Hai to deal with the Radiant Church .

On the other hand, the Fishmen might not know about the relationship between their Sea God and the Radiant Church in the Divine Realm . This was due to them not being in the records of the Dwarves during the past great war . Therefore, Zhao Hai had some doubts about their actions and wanted to see how they would respond when faced with the current situation .





Zhao Hai proceeded onward, he didn’t rush in the daytime and he rested properly during the night . At the same time, he was also paying attention to the situation on the continent through the Space . Now that Kun and the others were in possession of the Messenger Fishes, Zhao Hai was able to have a dialog with them in the past few days .

What Zhao Hai didn’t expect was the fact that his popularity among the Fishmen had become quite high . In the eyes of the Fishmen, the conclusion of their recent rebellion was only reached due to Zhao Hai’s actions . So no matter which Fishman Tribe he meets, all of them were extremely hospitable towards Zhao Hai . They were quite polite and even brought him some gifts . At the same time, some of them even agreed to having a business cooperation with the Buda Clan .

Although the Fishman Race were mostly self-sufficient, they still want to have other things . Of course, Zhao Hai didn’t decline these offerings . Almost every Fishman tribe can offer him with unique things to trade for, this made Zhao Hai very glad when forming his business partnerships .

The Fishmen liked Human bottles, ironworks, wooden furnitures, cotton fabrics, and many more . Although things in the sea might get reduced by trading with Zhao Hai, it was still fine since Zhao Hai only needed common marine products . For the Fishmen, these things can basically be seen everywhere, there was no need for them to exert so much effort in acquiring them .

Zhao Hai certainly didn’t think that he would have this good of a reception among the Fishmen . One must know that Dark Mages in the continent never did have a good reputation . Those who were calm in front of Zhao Hai were only those who had come in contact with him face to face . As for the other people, all of them would be terrified by the mere mention of Zhao Hai’s name . After all, this was a person that can turn several hundred thousand people into undead .

Three days later, Zhao Hai had finally arrived at Mermaid Island’s region . But when he arrived, he was actually stopped by a group of Swordfish tribesmen, it seems like they weren’t able to recognize Zhao Hai . However, Zhao Hai can also see that they didn’t come with unfavorable intention . So he went out of the Blade Scale Whale and gave a slight bow before saying, “Might I know why I am being blocked?” The leader of the Swordfish group immediately gave a salute to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, the Queen has something important to discuss with you . We ask mister to please head towards Mermaid Island . ”

When he heard this, Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “Can I know why Her Majesty is looking for me?’ Naturally, Zhao Hai knew why the Queen was looking for her, he was just asking for formality .

The Swordfish tribesman shook his head and said, “I’ll be unfair to mister, but I really don’t know . Her Majesty didn’t tell us, she just gave instructions to invite you over to the island . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then I’ll be troubling you to lead me there . ” The Swordfishes immediately turned their mounts around and swam towards mermaid Island . Behind them, Zhao Hai urged the Blade Scale Whale to follow .





Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then I’ll be troubling you to lead me there . ” The Swordfishes immediately turned their mounts around and swam towards mermaid Island . Behind them, Zhao Hai urged the Blade Scale Whale to follow .

The Blade Scale Whale wasn’t known for its speed, however, Zhao Hai’s Blade Scale Whale was a 9th rank undead . So how could it be any slower? It was able to comfortable keep up with the speed of the Swordfish group .

This startled the people from the Swordfish tribe . They were famed for their speed, so how could Zhao Hai’s whale able to keep up with their speed, this was something unexpected .

After advancing for two days, Zhao Hai had finally arrived at Mermaid Island . There were no changes in the island, the Whales were still in charge of guarding it . When they reached the island, the Swordfishes left Zhao Hai and handed the task of leading Zhao Hai over to the Whales .

After entering the island, Zhao Hai stepped on the back of the turtles as he went to through the pillars and arriving in front of the Mermaid Palace .

When he arrived at the Palace, Zhao Hai can already see Lola waiting for him . When she saw that Zhao Hai had come, Lola stepped forward and greeted him, “Mister, please come with me . Her Majesty is already waiting for you . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then followed Lola towards the inner hall .

The Queen was already in her throne when Zhao Hai came in . When she saw Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but move . Her tail vanished and turned into feet, at the same time, her throne had turned into an ordinary chair .

The Queen stood up and said, “Mister, have a seat . ”

Zhao hai gave a bow and replied, “Thank you, Your Majesty . ” Then the group saw inside the hall .

The Queen opened her mouth first “Mister, you’ve helped us greatly this time . The rebellion wouldn’t have ended this soon if not for your help . ” Then she gave Zhao Hai a bow .





Zhao hai gave a bow and replied, “Thank you, Your Majesty . ” Then the group saw inside the hall .

The Queen opened her mouth first “Mister, you’ve helped us greatly this time . The rebellion wouldn’t have ended this soon if not for your help . ” Then she gave Zhao Hai a bow .

Zhao Hai stood up to return the courtesy before he quickly said, “Your Majesty is too polite . It’s just a little effort, it’s not worth mentioning . ”

The Queen didn’t delay the matter as she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you aware of the recent developments in the continent?”

Zhao Hai knew that the main topic had come . He didn’t hide anything from the Queen, so he nodded and said, “I do . The Dragons and the Radiant Church made their move and controlled two big Empires of the Continent . At this time, they should be stabilizing their rule over their subjects . ”

The Queen didn’t expect Zhao Hai to already be aware of the news . One should know that as soon as the Queen heard the news, she immediately sent people to look for Zhao Hai . He should be unaware of this news since he had always been in the sea . Zhao Hai already knowing this information gave the Queen an estimate of Zhao Hai’s resources .

So she just nodded and said, “Right, its that . May I know what Mister thinks? Do we need to make a move?”

When he head the Queen, Zhao Hai’s worries had completely vanished . He smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty doesn’t need to worry much about this . I already have a plan . ”

The Queen stared, she was confused at what Zhao Hai meant, “What I just wanted to know is what plans Zhao Hai has already made . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I also need Her Majesty’s help for this plan . I’m prepared to deal with the Dragons, and I want Your Majesty to keep the Ocean Waves Dynasty away from supporting the Lyon Empire . As for the other things, leave everything to me . ”

The Queen thought for a moment before she nodded and said, “This isn’t difficult matter . However, is Mister confident with dealing with the Dragons? They’re title of invincibility isn’t without proof .



The Queen stared, she was confused at what Zhao Hai meant, “What I just wanted to know is what plans Zhao Hai has already made . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I also need Her Majesty’s help for this plan . I’m prepared to deal with the Dragons, and I want Your Majesty to keep the Ocean Waves Dynasty away from supporting the Lyon Empire . As for the other things, leave everything to me . ”

The Queen thought for a moment before she nodded and said, “This isn’t difficult matter . However, is Mister confident with dealing with the Dragons? They’re title of invincibility isn’t without proof .

Zhao Hai just smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty can rest assured, I have complete confidence in my strength . The reason why I still haven’t attacked them was because I needed to discuss the matter of the Ocean Waves Dynasty with Your Majesty . At the same time, I am also waiting for the response from the Elven Race . As long as information arrives, then I will immediately head to the Elven Forest . And after that, I will then go and deal with the Dragon Race . ”

The Queen stared for a moment before she nodded, “Alright, then we shall wait for mister’s word . When the time comes, we shall fully coordinate with you . ”

Zhao Hai gave a nod and said, “I’ll have to thank Your Majesty . Right, I also need Your Majesty to sign this . ” Then he took out the beast skin scroll and handed it over to the Queen .

When the Queen received the scroll and saw the marks of the Beastmen and the Dwarves, she didn’t hesitate and also marked the scroll with the Fishman Race’s unique mark .

Then Zhao Hai took out a bottle of Messenger Fish and gave it to the Queen, “Your Highness, this is a Messenger Fish that I have specially bred . As long as Your Majesty has this fish, you can speak to it directly and I shall immediately hear your message . ”

The Queen received Zhao Hai’s Messenger Fish . Naturally, she was very familiar regarding these creatures . However, she didn’t think that Zhao Hai would also have them . Moreover, it seems like Zhao Hai’s breed was more advanced . This startled the Queen, the Mermaid Race had been religiously doing research on marine life . Because of this, they had more understanding with regards to beings of the sea than anyone in this world . The mere fact that Zhao Hai was able to produce a more advanced Messenger Fish made the Queen freeze from shock .





* * *





Chapter 652 – Buddha Empire

The Queen looked at Zhao Hai, she was very clear about what this change in the Messenger Fish represented . It was not just a mutation, this was an entire evolution of the Messenger Fish, making it more advanced and giving it much better function .

The Messenger Fish was a small and common marine beast . However, this small magic beast has a unique ability . The difficulty of making such a beast evolve several times more than evolving any common magic beast .

To put it bluntly, even if the Fishmen were people, their differences compared to the marine beasts weren’t that huge . The reason why the Mermaid Clan was researching marine magic beasts was for them to be able to develop a method to make the Mermaids or the other Fishmen more perfect people .

This might sound simple, but once one does this for quite some time, they will discover how difficult it actually was . Each type of magic beasts might have their own unique characteristics, but the Fishmen also had their own unique properties . Gathering these strong points and matching them was easier said than done .

It wasn’t only the task of gathering strong points that was difficult . Even improving magic beasts was a difficult matter all on its own . One might see something great in a magic beast, however, improving them might result in a futile effort . Even if it succeeds, there are still more issues along the road, it was still far from being called successful .

The Mermaids were aware of these difficulties since it takes into account genetics as well as other advanced matters . However, it was impossible for them to use these matters in order to evolve magic beasts .

One the other hand, the Space can digitize beings, making it very easy for it to upgrade these beings . It was just like when one plays a game and finds a skill book that they can learn in a matter of minutes . However, reality was just too far away from this .

The Queen wasn’t aware of the existence of the Space, so when she saw Zhao Hai’s Messenger Fish, she couldn’t help but express her shock .

Billy and the Beast King didn’t understand the Fishmen and the significance of the Messenger Fish . Therefore, even if they felt strange, they weren’t startled like the Mermaid Queen .

The thought of





the Messenger Fishes caused the Mermaid Queen to think about Zhao Hai’s unusual undead creatures . Although Zhao Hai had reduced their strength, they were still quite extraordinary in the eyes of the Queen . Large-scale summoning as well as impressive fighting prowess, all of these made the Queen extremely curious towards Zhao Hai .

The Queen knew that Zhao Hai had a lot of good things based on what she had heard from the Continent . It seems like Zhao Hai’s unique things aren’t only limited to the Messenger Fishes . This made the Queen think that Zhao Hai might have discovered a way to improve a being’s biology .

Zhao Hai was confused at the Queen’s surprised expression . Was it because of the Messenger Fish? Aren’t there a lot of variant beasts in this world? So why was she especially surprised this time?’

Zhao Hai looked at the Queen and asked, “Your Majesty, is there something wrong?”

The Queen looked deeply into Zhao Hai without saying anything . Then she handed the Messenger Fish over to Lola before turning her head back to Zhao Hai and said, “There’s no problem . Once Mister decides to act, don’t hesitate to let us know . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then I shall thank Your Majesty in advance . I shall say my farewells first, I’ll be leaving for the continent tomorrow to continue with my plans . ”

The Queen nodded, “Alright . Mister can rest assured, this is an important matter to every race . So my Fishman Race would surely give you our full cooperation . ”

Then Zhao Hai stood up and gave the Queen a salute before turning around to leave . Once Zhao Hai was out of sight, Lola immediately turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, haven’t we been looking for a way to make the Mermaid Clan stronger? If Mister Zhao Hai can improve the Messenger Fish, then he surely has the means to help us . Why didn’t you tell him about this matter earlier?”

The Queen sighed and then said, “Now is not the time to say it . Mister Zhao Hai has been busy with dealing with our own matters, but we still haven’t contributed to Mister Zhao Hai’s cause even if we are allies in dealing with the Divine Race . But I’m sure that this method is Mister Zhao Hai’s biggest secret . If we want to get this method at his time, the only





only thing we could do would be to threaten Mister . However, we naturally can’t do it . So this matter can only be postponed to the future . ”

Lola nodded, then the Queen sighed once again before she said, “Our Mermaid Race can be seen to as quite a perfect race in the continent . We can survive in the sea as well as on land, as long as there is a body of water nearby . We also have good control over water as well as being able to use various water element magic . At the same time, our combat capabilities are also quite formidable, not very different compared to any ordinary warrior . Our only downside compared to the other races is the fact that we Mermaids have the least members in the Divine Realm . Perhaps this is the drawback for our Mermaid Race . ”

Lola sighed as well, she didn’t know what to say . The Mermaids were indeed unique, they had long lives, great strength, good population, and were generally 9th ranks at maturity . However, it was close to impossible for them to become God-ranked experts . All previous Mermaid Queens were aware of this point and worried about it for a long time . They sought for a solution all this time but was unable to actually succeed .

But seeing Zhao Hai’s messenger fish made the current Queen see hope . However, just like what the Queen said, they hadn’t done much for Zhao Hai yet . If they were to open this matter up to Zhao Hai, then he might develop some misunderstandings . And misunderstandings were something that they didn’t need at this moment in time .

Zhao Hai was currently listening to Lola and the Queen’s conversation while inside the Space . He didn’t think that his messenger fish would evoke this reaction from both the Queen and Lola . No wonder the Queen had a strange expression earlier .

However, it would not be difficult for Zhao Hai to make the Mermaids God-ranked experts . Now that the the Space had reached level 65, plants that would allow the creation of God-rank potions can now be planted in the farm . As soon as the plants become ready, then Zhao Hao would surely take some potions out . After all, their enemy this time was the Divine Race who had a lot of God-ranked experts in their fold





their fold . Only then can the Ark Continent truly resist the Divine Race .

Zhao Hai took a deep breath, then he changed the monitor towards the Buddha Empire’s Royal Palace . He wanted to see the response from the Buddha Empire’s side .

The Buddha Emperor surely wasn’t a fool . He knew the implications of the Radiant Church and the Dragons being in control of the Ocean Waves Dynasty and the Lyon Empire, respectively . He knew what they would be facing, and he was currently looking for the key to resisting both the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race .

Zhao Hai carefully looked at the Buddha Empire’s situation for a few days . The Buddha Emperor was certainly not a fool, his response was exactly what Zhao Hai expected . The Empire had sent some envoys towards the Rosen Empire, in hopes of establishing an alliance against the Saint Dragon Empire .

The Buddha Empire’s worries were completely justified . In the past, the Buddha Empire held a stronger army compared to the Ocean Waves Dynasty, but they were still lacking when it came to naval power . On the other hand, the Lyon and Buddha Empire was separated by the Accra Mountain, making the Lyon Empire unable to send troops towards the Buddha Empire . Also making the Empire completely safe against the attacks from the Lyon Empire army .

However, the current situation changed everything . The Dragons have gotten control of the Lyon Empire, establishing the Saint Dragon Empire . And since the magic beasts in the Accra Mountain were subordinates of the Dragons, an avenue to attack the Buddha Empire had appeared . If they were to send a force towards the Buddha Empire, then the Saint Dragon Empire can now use the Accra Mountain as a path . When that time comes, the Buddha Empire would then be placed on its back foot .

Since they knew about this, the Buddha Empire immediately sent envoys to the Rosen Empire in order to form an alliance . The Rosen Empire was the continent’s most powerful nation, so they should have no fear towards the Dragons . Being an ally to the Rosen Empire would surely make the Dragons think twice about their further actions .

While the envoys were on the way, the Buddha Empire had also entered a state of preparation . Zhao Hai’s constant supply of magic beasts also gave the Buddha Empire some courage

Empire some courage to hold on .

However, courage and confidence were two different matters . The Dragons’ reputation of invincibility had placed a huge pressure on the Buddha Empire . The Emperor as well as the Great Nobles were constantly on talks as to how to deal with this matter . However, after hours and days of discussion, they still haven’t reached a good enough resolution .

Naturally, the Hurricane Family was aware of this matter as well . And since Juno had a close relationship with Billy, he also wanted to know how Zhao Hai plans to deal with this matter . Zhao Hai had not hidden the truth from him, he told the Hurricane Patriarch about his plan to completely eradicate the Dragons . At the same time, he also gave Juno a messenger fish .

It can be said that the thing that Zhao Hai was waiting for was the response from the Elves . Whether the Elves were willing to cooperate or not, Zhao Hai still needed their response in order to plan for his further actions . If the Elves agree to ally with him, then he would immediately head to the Elven Forest to repair their Divine Artifact while also discussing their matter of alliance along with having them sign his beast skin scroll .

If the Elves don’t agree to dealing with the Divine Race, then Zhao Hai would not care about their word any more . He would then go and deal with the Dragons . And if the Elves were to side with the Divine Race, then Zhao Hai would have no choice but to be impolite .

Zhao Hai continued to look at the situation of the Buddha Empire . However, there wasn’t any special change in the Empire . Like the previous days, they were still trying to figure out ways in order to deal with their current situation .

At this point, it was impossible for the Buddha Empire to side with the Radiant Church . They saw what just happened to the Ocean Waves Dynasty as well as the Lyon Empire, so how could they side with them? The Radiant Church was like a beast that eats people along with their bones . Sooner or later, the Buddha Empire would get swallowed up . So the Buddha Empire can only hold on for as long as they can . They couldn’t make any agreements between the Dragons and the Radiant Church .

 Chapter 652 Buddha Empire The Queen looked at Zhao Hai, she was very clear about what this change in the Messenger Fish represented . It was not just a mutation, this was an entire evolution of the Messenger Fish, making it more advanced and giving it much better function . The Messenger Fish was a small and common marine beast . However, this small magic beast has a unique ability . The difficulty of making such a beast evolve several times more than evolving any common magic beast . To put it bluntly, even if the Fishmen were people, their differences compared to the marine beasts weren t that huge . The reason why the Mermaid Clan was researching marine magic beasts was for them to be able to develop a method to make the Mermaids or the other Fishmen more perfect people . This might sound simple, but once one does this for quite some time, they will discover how difficult it actually was . Each type of magic beasts might have their own unique characteristics, but the Fishmen also had their own unique properties . Gathering these strong points and matching them was easier said than done . It wasn t only the task of gathering strong points that was difficult . Even improving magic beasts was a difficult matter all on its own . One might see something great in a magic beast, however, improving them might result in a futile effort . Even if it succeeds, there are still more issues along the road, it was still far from being called successful . The Mermaids were aware of these difficulties since it takes into account genetics as well as other advanced matters . However, it was impossible for them to use these matters in order to evolve magic beasts . One the other hand, the Space can digitize beings, making it very easy for it to upgrade these beings . It was just like when one plays a game and finds a skill book that they can learn in a matter of minutes . However, reality was just too far away from this . The Queen wasn t aware of the existence of the Space, so when she saw Zhao Hai s Messenger Fish, she couldn t help but express her shock . Billy and the Beast King didn t understand the Fishmen and the significance of the Messenger Fish . Therefore, even if they felt strange, they weren t startled like the Mermaid Queen . The thought of the Messenger Fishes caused the Mermaid Queen to think about Zhao Hai s unusual undead creatures . Although Zhao Hai had reduced their strength, they were still quite extraordinary in the eyes of the Queen . Large scale summoning as well as impressive fighting prowess, all of these made the Queen extremely curious towards Zhao Hai . The Queen knew that Zhao Hai had a lot of good things based on what she had heard from the Continent . It seems like Zhao Hai s unique things aren t only limited to the Messenger Fishes . This made the Queen think that Zhao Hai might have discovered a way to improve a being s biology . Zhao Hai was confused at the Queen s surprised expression . Was it because of the Messenger Fish Aren t there a lot of variant beasts in this world So why was she especially surprised this time Zhao Hai looked at the Queen and asked, Your Majesty, is there something wrong The Queen looked deeply into Zhao Hai without saying anything . Then she handed the Messenger Fish over to Lola before turning her head back to Zhao Hai and said, There s no problem . Once Mister decides to act, don t hesitate to let us know . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Then I shall thank Your Majesty in advance . I shall say my farewells first, I ll be leaving for the continent tomorrow to continue with my plans . The Queen nodded, Alright . Mister can rest assured, this is an important matter to every race . So my Fishman Race would surely give you our full cooperation . Then Zhao Hai stood up and gave the Queen a salute before turning around to leave . Once Zhao Hai was out of sight, Lola immediately turned to the Queen and said, Your Majesty, haven t we been looking for a way to make the Mermaid Clan stronger If Mister Zhao Hai can improve the Messenger Fish, then he surely has the means to help us . Why didn t you tell him about this matter earlier The Queen sighed and then said, Now is not the time to say it . Mister Zhao Hai has been busy with dealing with our own matters, but we still haven t contributed to Mister Zhao Hai s cause even if we are allies in dealing with the Divine Race . But I m sure that this method is Mister Zhao Hai s biggest secret . If we want to get this method at his time, the only thing we could do would be to threaten Mister . However, we naturally can t do it . So this matter can only be postponed to the future . Lola nodded, then the Queen sighed once again before she said, Our Mermaid Race can be seen to as quite a perfect race in the continent . We can survive in the sea as well as on land, as long as there is a body of water nearby . We also have good control over water as well as being able to use various water element magic . At the same time, our combat capabilities are also quite formidable, not very different compared to any ordinary warrior . Our only downside compared to the other races is the fact that we Mermaids have the least members in the Divine Realm . Perhaps this is the drawback for our Mermaid Race . Lola sighed as well, she didn t know what to say . The Mermaids were indeed unique, they had long lives, great strength, good population, and were generally 9th ranks at maturity . However, it was close to impossible for them to become God ranked experts . All previous Mermaid Queens were aware of this point and worried about it for a long time . They sought for a solution all this time but was unable to actually succeed . But seeing Zhao Hai s messenger fish made the current Queen see hope . However, just like what the Queen said, they hadn t done much for Zhao Hai yet . If they were to open this matter up to Zhao Hai, then he might develop some misunderstandings . And misunderstandings were something that they didn t need at this moment in time . Zhao Hai was currently listening to Lola and the Queen s conversation while inside the Space . He didn t think that his messenger fish would evoke this reaction from both the Queen and Lola . No wonder the Queen had a strange expression earlier . However, it would not be difficult for Zhao Hai to make the Mermaids God ranked experts . Now that the the Space had reached level 65, plants that would allow the creation of God rank potions can now be planted in the farm . As soon as the plants become ready, then Zhao Hao would surely take some potions out . After all, their enemy this time was the Divine Race who had a lot of God ranked experts in their fold . Only then can the Ark Continent truly resist the Divine Race . Zhao Hai took a deep breath, then he changed the monitor towards the Buddha Empire s Royal Palace . He wanted to see the response from the Buddha Empire s side . The Buddha Emperor surely wasn t a fool . He knew the implications of the Radiant Church and the Dragons being in control of the Ocean Waves Dynasty and the Lyon Empire, respectively . He knew what they would be facing, and he was currently looking for the key to resisting both the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race . Zhao Hai carefully looked at the Buddha Empire s situation for a few days . The Buddha Emperor was certainly not a fool, his response was exactly what Zhao Hai expected . The Empire had sent some envoys towards the Rosen Empire, in hopes of establishing an alliance against the Saint Dragon Empire . The Buddha Empire s worries were completely justified . In the past, the Buddha Empire held a stronger army compared to the Ocean Waves Dynasty, but they were still lacking when it came to naval power . On the other hand, the Lyon and Buddha Empire was separated by the Accra Mountain, making the Lyon Empire unable to send troops towards the Buddha Empire . Also making the Empire completely safe against the attacks from the Lyon Empire army . However, the current situation changed everything . The Dragons have gotten control of the Lyon Empire, establishing the Saint Dragon Empire . And since the magic beasts in the Accra Mountain were subordinates of the Dragons, an avenue to attack the Buddha Empire had appeared . If they were to send a force towards the Buddha Empire, then the Saint Dragon Empire can now use the Accra Mountain as a path . When that time comes, the Buddha Empire would then be placed on its back foot . Since they knew about this, the Buddha Empire immediately sent envoys to the Rosen Empire in order to form an alliance . The Rosen Empire was the continent s most powerful nation, so they should have no fear towards the Dragons . Being an ally to the Rosen Empire would surely make the Dragons think twice about their further actions . While the envoys were on the way, the Buddha Empire had also entered a state of preparation . Zhao Hai s constant supply of magic beasts also gave the Buddha Empire some courage to hold on . However, courage and confidence were two different matters . The Dragons reputation of invincibility had placed a huge pressure on the Buddha Empire . The Emperor as well as the Great Nobles were constantly on talks as to how to deal with this matter . However, after hours and days of discussion, they still haven t reached a good enough resolution . Naturally, the Hurricane Family was aware of this matter as well . And since Juno had a close relationship with Billy, he also wanted to know how Zhao Hai plans to deal with this matter . Zhao Hai had not hidden the truth from him, he told the Hurricane Patriarch about his plan to completely eradicate the Dragons . At the same time, he also gave Juno a messenger fish . It can be said that the thing that Zhao Hai was waiting for was the response from the Elves . Whether the Elves were willing to cooperate or not, Zhao Hai still needed their response in order to plan for his further actions . If the Elves agree to ally with him, then he would immediately head to the Elven Forest to repair their Divine Artifact while also discussing their matter of alliance along with having them sign his beast skin scroll . If the Elves don t agree to dealing with the Divine Race, then Zhao Hai would not care about their word any more . He would then go and deal with the Dragons . And if the Elves were to side with the Divine Race, then Zhao Hai would have no choice but to be impolite . Zhao Hai continued to look at the situation of the Buddha Empire . However, there wasn t any special change in the Empire . Like the previous days, they were still trying to figure out ways in order to deal with their current situation . At this point, it was impossible for the Buddha Empire to side with the Radiant Church . They saw what just happened to the Ocean Waves Dynasty as well as the Lyon Empire, so how could they side with them The Radiant Church was like a beast that eats people along with their bones . Sooner or later, the Buddha Empire would get swallowed up . So the Buddha Empire can only hold on for as long as they can . They couldn t make any agreements between the Dragons and the Radiant Church .





* * *





Chapter 653 – Visiting the Elves

The next day, Zhao Hai said his farewell to the Mermaid Queen before he got onboard the Haven . Zhao Hai planned to ride his ship towards the continent, this was also to give the Elves more time to send their response . After all, there wasn’t anything significant that he had to do at this time .

Once word arrives from the Elves, then Zhao Hai would begin with his action . He didn’t plan to tell the Rosen Emperor about any of these . Even if the Rosen Emperor was Zhao Hai’s father in-law, he was still an Emperor of a nation, making it difficult for him to keep secrets to himself . Who knows if the Radiant Church had set up some shadows in the Imperial Palace . If Zhao Hai reveals his plans to the Rosen Emperor, then he might risk having it known to the Radiant Church . When that time arrives, all of Zhao Hai’s plans would be placed into trouble .

Although Zhao Hai was not anxious and was just slowly sailing towards the continent, he was still paying close attention to the developments in the continent . Through the Space, he was looking at the Calci Family while also listening for information from the Crook Family . This made Zhao Hai updated with regards to the matters of the Continent .

Rosen Empire’s response was also in line with what Zhao Hai expected . Although the Rosen Empire recognized the existence of the Saint Dragon Empire, it also entered a state of war preparation . They were preparing to go against the Dragons .

On the other hand, the Aksu Empire’s response was far from what Zhao Hai thought . Although they were implicated in the conflict between the Radiant Church and the Beastmen, Zhao Hai still thought that the Aksu Empire would reignite their relationship with the Church after hearing the news . But instead, they actually formed an alliance with the Rosen Empire .

This was way out of Zhao Hai’s expectations to the point that he doubted them . But after observing the Aksu Empire for a few days, Zhao Hai found out that he was wrong . This time, the Aksu Empire did want to deal with the Radiant Church .

The way the Radiant Church handled the





past matter caused the Aksu Empire to dislike the organization . Even if the Radiant Church conquered the four other nations, the Aksu Empire would still resist them . This wasn’t only due to the current ruler, Boris, this sentiment was shared by all the Nobles of the Empire as well, not to mention the commoners .

This response from the Aksu Empire made Zhao Hai glad . For Zhao Hai, this was the best outcome that could happen . An enemy of an enemy is a friend, so even if they had a past matter, Zhao Hai would still consider them as friends as long as they plan to deal with the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race .

Two days after Zhao Hai left Mermaid Island, Billy had finally brought some news . It was said that the Elven Queen wanted to meet with Zhao Hai .

To be honest, Zhao Hai wasn’t satisfied with this answer . The Elf Queen only wanted to see him and didn’t express their intention to form an alliance . However, Zhao Hai would still want to see the Elf Queen . After all, this was also an opportunity to win the Elves over to his side .

Zhao Hai appeared inside the Dwarf Mountain through the Space . At this point, the Dwarves aren’t startled by his sudden appearances anymore . When they saw Zhao Hai, they immediately sent people to inform Billy .

Billy also knew that Zhao Hai was coming . Therefore, he was already waiting for him . When they had sat down, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I told the Elves about the Radiant Church, this prompted them to send an answer . You should go and see the Elf Queen, it seems like they are quite hesitant . ”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “I don’t understand why they would hesitate now that the Divine Race are almost at the tip of our noses . I’m actually surprised . How can this race survive to the present?”

Billy can understand Zhao Hai’s complaints . To be honest, he also couldn’t understand the response from the Elves . But Billy didn’t complain, instead, he urged Zhao Hai, “Just don’t mind it . The Elves just haven’t had a conflict for many years . Moreover, their archery and swordsmanship





swordsmanship are very well suited for the jungle . Almost nobody can defeat the Elves in forest combat . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he didn’t doubt this point . If the Elves didn’t have any special means, then they would’ve already become slaves a long time ago . One must know that Elves were the most valuable slaves for the Humans . However, there weren’t any Elven slaves that had been caught in the long time .

Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Maybe the reason why the Elves aren’t willing to see you is because you are a Dark Mage . Elves hate Dark Mages . And since you are the most famous Dark Mage in the continent, it would be understandable if they don’t want to see you . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smiled bitterly . The Elves were advocates of nature and respected life . And for the Elves, the act of resurrecting the dead that Dark Mages do was the most blasphemous act towards their belief . It would be strange if they were to immediately like Zhao Hai .

Moreover, the Elves were also quite famous for having more tenacity than the Dwarves . Although the Dwarves can be tenacious sometimes, they can still be accomodating . Otherwise, the Dwarves wouldn’t have done business with the Humans, and Billy wouldn’t have been Juno’s good friend .

The Elves were completely solid to their beliefs . They were people who completely disliked failure and were more strict to themselves than to others . This was the reason why all of the things that the Elves produced were all works of art . They destroy everything that they deem embarrass them .

It was because of this that Zhao Hai couldn’t help but bitterly smile . He didn’t know what to say upon meeting such a race . These people seemed to be paranoid and weren’t some people that would accept an outsider’s words .

Billy looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “No matter what, you still need to see the Elves, there’s no other way . Take a rest here first, then I shall accompany you to the Elves first thing tomorrow . Although they dislike Dark Mages, I don’t think they would go far this time . ”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “If they don’t agree to





agree to be allies with us, then I won’t care about them anymore . If the Divine Race decides to eliminated them, then I won’t be lending them a hand . As long as they don’t cooperate with the Radiant Church, then I will leave them be . ”

Billy knew that Zhao Hai was quite angry . To be honest, Billy was somewhat annoyed as well . The Radiant Church and the Dragon Race were still holding back since they were waiting for word from the Divine Race . Time was quite precious, but the Elves were actually wasting it . Zhao Hai waiting for their response was already giving them face .

Billy didn’t say anything more as he arranged a room for Zhao Hai, making him rest well . When Zhao Hai got settled in their room, they immediately went to the Space and sat inside the living room .

Laura and the others looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and knew that he was quite unhappy . To be honest, they were in a foul mood as well . Laura boiled a cup of tea and then placed in in front of Zhao Hai . Then with a soft voice she said, “Brother Hai, you shouldn’t get angry . After all, we’ll be hearing the Elves’ side tomorrow . ”

Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes, then he sighed and said, “I really want to know what is inside these Elf leaders’ heads . They had dragged such a simple thing for too long . If not for the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race making their move, i reckon that they would have dragged this matter for a longer time . What were they thinking?”

Laura forced a smile and then said, “The Elves are more closed off compared to the Beastmen and the Dwarves . Even the Fishmen had their own merchant union in order to listen to the situation of the continent . The Elves essentially had no contact with the outside world . They might come in contact with the Dwarves sometimes, but that’s it . This is the only race that had done it in the entire continent . ”

Lizzy sighed, “There’s nothing strange as to why the Elves are like this . They are different from the Mermaid Race, who can just change their appearance to that of

to that of a Human, allowing them the chance to trade with the continent . The Elves simply aren’t able to do this . And whenever an Elf was spotted, people would then make them their slaves . It isn’t strange that the Elves chose to refrain from having contact with the Humans . ”

Zhao Hai also sighed with a heavy heart, he was also aware of this matter . Any race would do the same if they were subjected to the same fate as the Elves .

After resting inside the Space, Billy went to look for Zhao Hai to have a meal . Zhao Hai has been very tired in the past few days . It wasn’t fatigue of the body, but it was a fatigue of the heart .

Zhao Hai’s rest in the Dwarf Mountain that night was very good . The next morning, Billy led Zhao Hai to the Elven Forest along with ten other Dwarf warriors .

The distance between the Dwarves and the Elves wasn’t short . Moreover, there was also the Accra Mountain in the middle . However, the Dwarves have developed their own methods . After countless years of effort, they had finally made a system of underground rivers to get through Accra Mountains . This gave them the capability to pass through the mountain and come out to an area close to the Elven Forest .

This was a very large project . Although they used the underground rivers, it wasn’t something that can solve everything . It was impossible for the river to deliver the Dwarves directly to the Elves . So after about 200 years of development, the Dwarves had finally made a passage that would take them quite closer to the Elves .

In order to make it more convenient to come in contact with the Elves, this route was composed of different underground rivers, allowing them to travel by boat . But even if one were to go fast, they would still need about five days before they arrive at the forest .

However, in order for the travel to become more comfortable, the Dwarves had set up some resting points all along the route . These resting points had supply of liquor and grain . All of these just to establish a good relationship with the Elven Race .

 Chapter 653 Visiting the Elves The next day, Zhao Hai said his farewell to the Mermaid Queen before he got onboard the Haven . Zhao Hai planned to ride his ship towards the continent, this was also to give the Elves more time to send their response . After all, there wasn t anything significant that he had to do at this time . Once word arrives from the Elves, then Zhao Hai would begin with his action . He didn t plan to tell the Rosen Emperor about any of these . Even if the Rosen Emperor was Zhao Hai s father in law, he was still an Emperor of a nation, making it difficult for him to keep secrets to himself . Who knows if the Radiant Church had set up some shadows in the Imperial Palace . If Zhao Hai reveals his plans to the Rosen Emperor, then he might risk having it known to the Radiant Church . When that time arrives, all of Zhao Hai s plans would be placed into trouble . Although Zhao Hai was not anxious and was just slowly sailing towards the continent, he was still paying close attention to the developments in the continent . Through the Space, he was looking at the Calci Family while also listening for information from the Crook Family . This made Zhao Hai updated with regards to the matters of the Continent . Rosen Empire s response was also in line with what Zhao Hai expected . Although the Rosen Empire recognized the existence of the Saint Dragon Empire, it also entered a state of war preparation . They were preparing to go against the Dragons . On the other hand, the Aksu Empire s response was far from what Zhao Hai thought . Although they were implicated in the conflict between the Radiant Church and the Beastmen, Zhao Hai still thought that the Aksu Empire would reignite their relationship with the Church after hearing the news . But instead, they actually formed an alliance with the Rosen Empire . This was way out of Zhao Hai s expectations to the point that he doubted them . But after observing the Aksu Empire for a few days, Zhao Hai found out that he was wrong . This time, the Aksu Empire did want to deal with the Radiant Church . The way the Radiant Church handled the past matter caused the Aksu Empire to dislike the organization . Even if the Radiant Church conquered the four other nations, the Aksu Empire would still resist them . This wasn t only due to the current ruler, Boris, this sentiment was shared by all the Nobles of the Empire as well, not to mention the commoners . This response from the Aksu Empire made Zhao Hai glad . For Zhao Hai, this was the best outcome that could happen . An enemy of an enemy is a friend, so even if they had a past matter, Zhao Hai would still consider them as friends as long as they plan to deal with the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race . Two days after Zhao Hai left Mermaid Island, Billy had finally brought some news . It was said that the Elven Queen wanted to meet with Zhao Hai . To be honest, Zhao Hai wasn t satisfied with this answer . The Elf Queen only wanted to see him and didn t express their intention to form an alliance . However, Zhao Hai would still want to see the Elf Queen . After all, this was also an opportunity to win the Elves over to his side . Zhao Hai appeared inside the Dwarf Mountain through the Space . At this point, the Dwarves aren t startled by his sudden appearances anymore . When they saw Zhao Hai, they immediately sent people to inform Billy . Billy also knew that Zhao Hai was coming . Therefore, he was already waiting for him . When they had sat down, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, I told the Elves about the Radiant Church, this prompted them to send an answer . You should go and see the Elf Queen, it seems like they are quite hesitant . Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, I don t understand why they would hesitate now that the Divine Race are almost at the tip of our noses . I m actually surprised . How can this race survive to the present Billy can understand Zhao Hai s complaints . To be honest, he also couldn t understand the response from the Elves . But Billy didn t complain, instead, he urged Zhao Hai, Just don t mind it . The Elves just haven t had a conflict for many years . Moreover, their archery and swordsmanship are very well suited for the jungle . Almost nobody can defeat the Elves in forest combat . Zhao Hai nodded, he didn t doubt this point . If the Elves didn t have any special means, then they would ve already become slaves a long time ago . One must know that Elves were the most valuable slaves for the Humans . However, there weren t any Elven slaves that had been caught in the long time . Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, Maybe the reason why the Elves aren t willing to see you is because you are a Dark Mage . Elves hate Dark Mages . And since you are the most famous Dark Mage in the continent, it would be understandable if they don t want to see you . Zhao Hai couldn t help but smiled bitterly . The Elves were advocates of nature and respected life . And for the Elves, the act of resurrecting the dead that Dark Mages do was the most blasphemous act towards their belief . It would be strange if they were to immediately like Zhao Hai . Moreover, the Elves were also quite famous for having more tenacity than the Dwarves . Although the Dwarves can be tenacious sometimes, they can still be accomodating . Otherwise, the Dwarves wouldn t have done business with the Humans, and Billy wouldn t have been Juno s good friend . The Elves were completely solid to their beliefs . They were people who completely disliked failure and were more strict to themselves than to others . This was the reason why all of the things that the Elves produced were all works of art . They destroy everything that they deem embarrass them . It was because of this that Zhao Hai couldn t help but bitterly smile . He didn t know what to say upon meeting such a race . These people seemed to be paranoid and weren t some people that would accept an outsider s words . Billy looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, No matter what, you still need to see the Elves, there s no other way . Take a rest here first, then I shall accompany you to the Elves first thing tomorrow . Although they dislike Dark Mages, I don t think they would go far this time . Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, If they don t agree to be allies with us, then I won t care about them anymore . If the Divine Race decides to eliminated them, then I won t be lending them a hand . As long as they don t cooperate with the Radiant Church, then I will leave them be . Billy knew that Zhao Hai was quite angry . To be honest, Billy was somewhat annoyed as well . The Radiant Church and the Dragon Race were still holding back since they were waiting for word from the Divine Race . Time was quite precious, but the Elves were actually wasting it . Zhao Hai waiting for their response was already giving them face . Billy didn t say anything more as he arranged a room for Zhao Hai, making him rest well . When Zhao Hai got settled in their room, they immediately went to the Space and sat inside the living room . Laura and the others looked at Zhao Hai s expression and knew that he was quite unhappy . To be honest, they were in a foul mood as well . Laura boiled a cup of tea and then placed in in front of Zhao Hai . Then with a soft voice she said, Brother Hai, you shouldn t get angry . After all, we ll be hearing the Elves side tomorrow . Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes, then he sighed and said, I really want to know what is inside these Elf leaders heads . They had dragged such a simple thing for too long . If not for the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race making their move, i reckon that they would have dragged this matter for a longer time . What were they thinking Laura forced a smile and then said, The Elves are more closed off compared to the Beastmen and the Dwarves . Even the Fishmen had their own merchant union in order to listen to the situation of the continent . The Elves essentially had no contact with the outside world . They might come in contact with the Dwarves sometimes, but that s it . This is the only race that had done it in the entire continent . Lizzy sighed, There s nothing strange as to why the Elves are like this . They are different from the Mermaid Race, who can just change their appearance to that of a Human, allowing them the chance to trade with the continent . The Elves simply aren t able to do this . And whenever an Elf was spotted, people would then make them their slaves . It isn t strange that the Elves chose to refrain from having contact with the Humans . Zhao Hai also sighed with a heavy heart, he was also aware of this matter . Any race would do the same if they were subjected to the same fate as the Elves . After resting inside the Space, Billy went to look for Zhao Hai to have a meal . Zhao Hai has been very tired in the past few days . It wasn t fatigue of the body, but it was a fatigue of the heart . Zhao Hai s rest in the Dwarf Mountain that night was very good . The next morning, Billy led Zhao Hai to the Elven Forest along with ten other Dwarf warriors . The distance between the Dwarves and the Elves wasn t short . Moreover, there was also the Accra Mountain in the middle . However, the Dwarves have developed their own methods . After countless years of effort, they had finally made a system of underground rivers to get through Accra Mountains . This gave them the capability to pass through the mountain and come out to an area close to the Elven Forest . This was a very large project . Although they used the underground rivers, it wasn t something that can solve everything . It was impossible for the river to deliver the Dwarves directly to the Elves . So after about 200 years of development, the Dwarves had finally made a passage that would take them quite closer to the Elves . In order to make it more convenient to come in contact with the Elves, this route was composed of different underground rivers, allowing them to travel by boat . But even if one were to go fast, they would still need about five days before they arrive at the forest . However, in order for the travel to become more comfortable, the Dwarves had set up some resting points all along the route . These resting points had supply of liquor and grain . All of these just to establish a good relationship with the Elven Race .





* * *





Chapter 654 – Voiceless Soundbird

The Dwarf Race’s boat wasn’t big, so Zhao Hai always found himself sitting together with Billy . Naturally, he had no chance to return to the Space, therefore, he can just stay in the ship and chat with Billy .

To be honest, he was quite bored these past five days . However, even if the boat was small, there was still space for him to lie down, so Zhao Hai was able to fully rest in these five days .

Five days came by quite fast, the boat was now stopped at a pier . Billy led Zhao Hai down to the pier and walked out from the big mountain . When Zhao Hai and the others came out of the mountain, they had discovered that they were already in the forest .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but marvel at the scenery outside the mountain . The scene in front of him was just so beautiful .

The thing in front of him was a rainforest, one with lush trees everywhere . There were shrubs under the trees as well as some plants that Zhao Hai was unable to recognize . Most importantly, the place was so primitive, he can’t find a single artificial intervention here . It seems like it was a kingdom for plants, it was very attractive .

At this time, a sound suddenly came from the forest . Zhao Hai stopped, then he turned his head only to find a small magic beast . This small beast looked like a small monkey, but it was really small . It looked very cute, it had fluffy fur, two round ears, bright eyes and a look that would seem like it was just a toy,

This small monkey was also curiously looking at Zhao Hai and the others . There was no fear that was found in its face . Zhao Hai came to like this creature more and more as time passed by . He turned his hand and took out an apple before throwing it to the direction of the small monkey .

The beast was startled, it immediately whizzed towards the opposite tree . It lashed its tongue and showed its teeth towards Zhao Hai . However, Zhao Hai didn’t move, he only looked at the small monkey and





laughed . This left the monkey with a confused expression . Then when it found the red apple on the ground, he immediately disregarded Zhao Hai and the others as it slowly jumped down from the tree . It ran towards the apple and smelled it . It expressed excitement on its face before taking a nib out of the apple, and before long the whole fruit went into its belly .

Then the small monkey turned its head to Zhao Hai, zhi zhi, it sounded, it seems like it wanted more . Zhao Hai smiled faintly before throwing another apple towards the monkey . After eating a few more apples, the small monkey made a face towards Zhao Hai before it went up the tree and squatted on a large branch, then it just slept there .

Upon seeing the small monkey’s action, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh . This little thing was too lovable . Billy and the others who were right by his side were also smiling . They saw how the monkey gave Zhao Hai a grin before going to the tree and then went to sleep, not caring about Zhao Hai anymore . This made everyone laugh .

At this time, a shadow suddenly flashed from the forest . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he became alert . Then a green figure appeared in front of them .

Zhao Hai stared, but he didn’t make any moves . He noticed that the green figure in front of him was a person, a blonde man wearing a green robe .

This person was very handsome, he had a face that would make even women jealous . He had golden blonde hair that was draped freely behind him, tied by a grass rope . In his hand was a harp, and most importantly, Zhao Hai noticed that the person’s ears were longer than that of the humans . It looks quite sharp, but it didn’t hinder the man’s beauty .

On the other hand, this effeminate man looked at Zhao Hai’s group with a stern expression . Zhao Hai knew that this person was an Elf . But he didn’t speak, he knew that the first contact was Billy’s task .

Billy knew about this, therefore he immediately took a step





step forward and the bowed to the Elf, “Elf friend, hello . I am the Dwarf Race’s Patriarch Billy, we came here to visit the Elf Queen . ”

The Elf returned the bow, and then looked at Billy and said, “I have seen Patriarch Billy, come with me, the Queen is already waiting for you . ” After that, he turned his head to Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai didn’t delay, he also bowed to the Elf and said, “Hello, friend . I am the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, Zhao Hai . I came here to pay a visit to the Elf Queen . ”

Zhao Hai was aware that this harp bearing man had a unique occupation . The harp in the Elf’s hand wasn’t only for decoration . The strings of this harp were made of special Elven material . This not only allowed the harp to play beautiful music, it also made it possible for the user to make magical arrows from it .

Most importantly, the Elves can cast a specific magic that can give additional reinforcement to their arrows, increasing their lethality . This was something that made Elves famous in the continent .

However, not all Elves can have a harp as a weapon . Those who do were their most formidable warriors .

In addition to music and arrows, the harp also had another function, and that was to produce a barrage of agic beads .

This barrage of beads was a special attack of the Elves . It wasn’t like the arrow that contains penetrative force, the beads were things that can store up magic and exhibit various effects like explosion or other magics .

Using this function was very unusual . The elves would place their harps to the ground, and then the fingers on their both hands would alternate in stroking the instrument . With each string that was plucked, a raindrop sized bead would eject from the harp that would cause a lethal blow towards the enemy .

When the Elves waged war with the Humans, these magic beads had become a nightmare to the Human army . Ten harp-bearers working together could decimate a thousand man army almost instantaneously .

But when Zhao Hai heard this, the only thing he could think about was a machine gun, a machine gun that had explosive ammunition





explosive ammunition .

The harp-bearing Elf returned Zhao Hai’s bow and said, “We welcome the arrival of Patriarch Zhao Hai . Her Majesty is already waiting for all of you . Please come with me . ” Then he turned around and led Zhao Hai’s group through the forest .

During the journey, Zhao Hai was fully convinced that the Elves were invincible in this forest, they were indeed formidable . Animals in the forest, even the most efficient predators, would still produce a sound every time they make a move . On the other hand, the Elves were completely silent . It seems like they had melded themselves to the forest, it was very astonishing .

The group ran along with the Elf as they progressed through the forest . Then all of a sudden, the Elf stopped, he played a gentle note on his harp which transformed into an beautiful melody . Then the group suddenly heard a cheerful cry from atop the tree . While Zhao Hai was still in a daze, several shadows suddenly fell down in front of them .

Zhao Hai and the others fixed their vision towards the shadows and what they saw were a group of big birds . These birds looked like cranes, but their claws were something that should belong to a hawk . Zhao Hai hadn’t seen a magic beast like this before . Moreover, these birds also have big builds, it wouldn’t be a problem for them to have a person sitting in their back .

After playing his harp, the Elf turned to Zhao Hai and the others and said, “Patriarch Billy, Patriarch Zhao Hai, please ride these Voiceless Soundbirds . Our Tree of Life is quite far from here . ”

Then the Elf rode on the back of a Voiceless Soundbird . After seeing the Elf, Zhao Hai and the others didn’t delay and also rode on the backs of the other birds . Then the harp-bearer played another tune before the birds whipped their wings and flew off into the sky .

Zhao Hai already has experience with flying due to his Blood Hawk, so he didn’t feel anything in this ride . On the other hand, Billy and the others were still inexperienced in air travel . This made each and every one of their

one of their faces quite pale .

While the Elf lead the group of Voiceless Soundbirds across the forest, Zhao Hai examined the birds as he sat on the back of one of them . These birds had a mouth that was longer than the average bird’s, but not longer than a crane . Their claws were similar to those of the hawks . The Birds were two meters high and they had wings of five meters each . Moreover, even if they were carrying a person on their backs, their flight was still quite smooth, it was clear that these birds were also quite strong .

Most importantly, the cries of these birds were very clear, it was very serene and was like a melody in itself, very interesting to listen to . It might be possible that the name of Voiceless Songbird came from this .

But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that he hasn’t heard of a Voiceless Songbird in the continent before . Why was this?

One must say that the Elves had waged multiple wars with the Humans . If these birds were used by the Elves at those times, then they should’ve already been written in Human records . And even if the Radiant Church had modified the history, they wouldn’t have an incentive to eliminate the mention of these birds . Were these birds a recently tamed beast by the Elves?

In truth, Zhao Hai had guessed right . These Voiceless Soundbirds were indeed recent additions to the Elven Race . These Voiceless Soundbirds were extremely rare in the past, and they were also quite vigilant . Only Elves with affinity to these birds were able to tame them, otherwise they wouldn’t come in contact with an Elf . Also, the Voiceless Songbirds weren’t as big as they were now .

However, just more than 300 years ago, a nest of Voiceless Soundbirds suddenly fell down from the Tree of Life . This nest of eggs soon hatched and bore large Voiceless Soundbirds, two meters in height . Most importantly, these Voiceless Soundbirds weren’t vigilant towards the Elves and were even the ones to go and come in contact with them . And slowly, as time went by, these Voiceless Soundbirds had become the mounts of the Elves .

 Chapter 654 Voiceless Soundbird The Dwarf Race s boat wasn t big, so Zhao Hai always found himself sitting together with Billy . Naturally, he had no chance to return to the Space, therefore, he can just stay in the ship and chat with Billy . To be honest, he was quite bored these past five days . However, even if the boat was small, there was still space for him to lie down, so Zhao Hai was able to fully rest in these five days . Five days came by quite fast, the boat was now stopped at a pier . Billy led Zhao Hai down to the pier and walked out from the big mountain . When Zhao Hai and the others came out of the mountain, they had discovered that they were already in the forest . Zhao Hai couldn t help but marvel at the scenery outside the mountain . The scene in front of him was just so beautiful . The thing in front of him was a rainforest, one with lush trees everywhere . There were shrubs under the trees as well as some plants that Zhao Hai was unable to recognize . Most importantly, the place was so primitive, he can t find a single artificial intervention here . It seems like it was a kingdom for plants, it was very attractive . At this time, a sound suddenly came from the forest . Zhao Hai stopped, then he turned his head only to find a small magic beast . This small beast looked like a small monkey, but it was really small . It looked very cute, it had fluffy fur, two round ears, bright eyes and a look that would seem like it was just a toy, This small monkey was also curiously looking at Zhao Hai and the others . There was no fear that was found in its face . Zhao Hai came to like this creature more and more as time passed by . He turned his hand and took out an apple before throwing it to the direction of the small monkey . The beast was startled, it immediately whizzed towards the opposite tree . It lashed its tongue and showed its teeth towards Zhao Hai . However, Zhao Hai didn t move, he only looked at the small monkey and laughed . This left the monkey with a confused expression . Then when it found the red apple on the ground, he immediately disregarded Zhao Hai and the others as it slowly jumped down from the tree . It ran towards the apple and smelled it . It expressed excitement on its face before taking a nib out of the apple, and before long the whole fruit went into its belly . Then the small monkey turned its head to Zhao Hai, zhi zhi, it sounded, it seems like it wanted more . Zhao Hai smiled faintly before throwing another apple towards the monkey . After eating a few more apples, the small monkey made a face towards Zhao Hai before it went up the tree and squatted on a large branch, then it just slept there . Upon seeing the small monkey s action, Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh . This little thing was too lovable . Billy and the others who were right by his side were also smiling . They saw how the monkey gave Zhao Hai a grin before going to the tree and then went to sleep, not caring about Zhao Hai anymore . This made everyone laugh . At this time, a shadow suddenly flashed from the forest . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he became alert . Then a green figure appeared in front of them . Zhao Hai stared, but he didn t make any moves . He noticed that the green figure in front of him was a person, a blonde man wearing a green robe . This person was very handsome, he had a face that would make even women jealous . He had golden blonde hair that was draped freely behind him, tied by a grass rope . In his hand was a harp, and most importantly, Zhao Hai noticed that the person s ears were longer than that of the humans . It looks quite sharp, but it didn t hinder the man s beauty . On the other hand, this effeminate man looked at Zhao Hai s group with a stern expression . Zhao Hai knew that this person was an Elf . But he didn t speak, he knew that the first contact was Billy s task . Billy knew about this, therefore he immediately took a step forward and the bowed to the Elf, Elf friend, hello . I am the Dwarf Race s Patriarch Billy, we came here to visit the Elf Queen . The Elf returned the bow, and then looked at Billy and said, I have seen Patriarch Billy, come with me, the Queen is already waiting for you . After that, he turned his head to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai didn t delay, he also bowed to the Elf and said, Hello, friend . I am the Buda Clan s Patriarch, Zhao Hai . I came here to pay a visit to the Elf Queen . Zhao Hai was aware that this harp bearing man had a unique occupation . The harp in the Elf s hand wasn t only for decoration . The strings of this harp were made of special Elven material . This not only allowed the harp to play beautiful music, it also made it possible for the user to make magical arrows from it . Most importantly, the Elves can cast a specific magic that can give additional reinforcement to their arrows, increasing their lethality . This was something that made Elves famous in the continent . However, not all Elves can have a harp as a weapon . Those who do were their most formidable warriors . In addition to music and arrows, the harp also had another function, and that was to produce a barrage of agic beads . This barrage of beads was a special attack of the Elves . It wasn t like the arrow that contains penetrative force, the beads were things that can store up magic and exhibit various effects like explosion or other magics . Using this function was very unusual . The elves would place their harps to the ground, and then the fingers on their both hands would alternate in stroking the instrument . With each string that was plucked, a raindrop sized bead would eject from the harp that would cause a lethal blow towards the enemy . When the Elves waged war with the Humans, these magic beads had become a nightmare to the Human army . Ten harp bearers working together could decimate a thousand man army almost instantaneously . But when Zhao Hai heard this, the only thing he could think about was a machine gun, a machine gun that had explosive ammunition . The harp bearing Elf returned Zhao Hai s bow and said, We welcome the arrival of Patriarch Zhao Hai . Her Majesty is already waiting for all of you . Please come with me . Then he turned around and led Zhao Hai s group through the forest . During the journey, Zhao Hai was fully convinced that the Elves were invincible in this forest, they were indeed formidable . Animals in the forest, even the most efficient predators, would still produce a sound every time they make a move . On the other hand, the Elves were completely silent . It seems like they had melded themselves to the forest, it was very astonishing . The group ran along with the Elf as they progressed through the forest . Then all of a sudden, the Elf stopped, he played a gentle note on his harp which transformed into an beautiful melody . Then the group suddenly heard a cheerful cry from atop the tree . While Zhao Hai was still in a daze, several shadows suddenly fell down in front of them . Zhao Hai and the others fixed their vision towards the shadows and what they saw were a group of big birds . These birds looked like cranes, but their claws were something that should belong to a hawk . Zhao Hai hadn t seen a magic beast like this before . Moreover, these birds also have big builds, it wouldn t be a problem for them to have a person sitting in their back . After playing his harp, the Elf turned to Zhao Hai and the others and said, Patriarch Billy, Patriarch Zhao Hai, please ride these Voiceless Soundbirds . Our Tree of Life is quite far from here . Then the Elf rode on the back of a Voiceless Soundbird . After seeing the Elf, Zhao Hai and the others didn t delay and also rode on the backs of the other birds . Then the harp bearer played another tune before the birds whipped their wings and flew off into the sky . Zhao Hai already has experience with flying due to his Blood Hawk, so he didn t feel anything in this ride . On the other hand, Billy and the others were still inexperienced in air travel . This made each and every one of their faces quite pale . While the Elf lead the group of Voiceless Soundbirds across the forest, Zhao Hai examined the birds as he sat on the back of one of them . These birds had a mouth that was longer than the average bird s, but not longer than a crane . Their claws were similar to those of the hawks . The Birds were two meters high and they had wings of five meters each . Moreover, even if they were carrying a person on their backs, their flight was still quite smooth, it was clear that these birds were also quite strong . Most importantly, the cries of these birds were very clear, it was very serene and was like a melody in itself, very interesting to listen to . It might be possible that the name of Voiceless Songbird came from this . But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that he hasn t heard of a Voiceless Songbird in the continent before . Why was this One must say that the Elves had waged multiple wars with the Humans . If these birds were used by the Elves at those times, then they should ve already been written in Human records . And even if the Radiant Church had modified the history, they wouldn t have an incentive to eliminate the mention of these birds . Were these birds a recently tamed beast by the Elves In truth, Zhao Hai had guessed right . These Voiceless Soundbirds were indeed recent additions to the Elven Race . These Voiceless Soundbirds were extremely rare in the past, and they were also quite vigilant . Only Elves with affinity to these birds were able to tame them, otherwise they wouldn t come in contact with an Elf . Also, the Voiceless Songbirds weren t as big as they were now . However, just more than 300 years ago, a nest of Voiceless Soundbirds suddenly fell down from the Tree of Life . This nest of eggs soon hatched and bore large Voiceless Soundbirds, two meters in height . Most importantly, these Voiceless Soundbirds weren t vigilant towards the Elves and were even the ones to go and come in contact with them . And slowly, as time went by, these Voiceless Soundbirds had become the mounts of the Elves .





* * *





Chapter 655 – Elf Queen

After studying the Voiceless Soundbird for a while, Zhao Hai found himself to have nothing else to study . He shifted his gaze towards the scenery of the Elven Forest .

Beautiful, it was too beautiful . If you gaze at the forest, you would feel that you were in a magical world . The forest was just too dazzling for him .

This green landscape was completely different from the green lands of the Prairie . The Beastman Prairie was flat, as if there was a green carpet on the ground . But here, you will be subjected to a green world . There were all kinds of trees with leaves of all shapes and sizes . If the greenery in the Prairie was like a calm sea, then the greenery here was like a raging sea .

Although this kind of sea was static, it didn’t undermine its beauty at all . It wasn’t any worse than gazing at the endless sea . Zhao Hai was quickly absorbed into the scenery of the forest .

After Billy’s discomfort passed, he was also attracted to the scene around him . His mouth opened from time to time as he expressed his admiration .

Then suddenly, a huge tree appeared in their line of sight . This was the biggest tree that Zhao Hai had ever seen . It was so huge that the Bread Trees back at Ape Island looked like saplings .

The only plant that Zhao Hai can compare to this tree would be Cai’er . The scene of Cai’er enveloping a city was completely similar to this tree, it was a shocking sight .

Zhao Hai and the others stared blankly at this tree . Then they could faintly spot a few black spots coming out of the forest . Before long, these black figures appeared in front of Zhao Hai . They were a group of Elves that were riding on top of Voiceless Soundbirds .

All of these Elves wore wearing long green robes . The robes were beautiful and looked very elegant, Zhao Hai couldn’t think of the material that these robes were made of .

The one on the lead was a female Elf . The people going along with this female Elf were all harp-bearers . On the other hand, the female Elf was actually holding a magic staff, evidently, she is a Mage .

Then the one who escorted Zhao Hai spoke to the female Elf . “My lord, Patriarch Billy and Mister Zhao Hai has arrived . ”

The Elf woman nodded, then she turned her head to Billy and Zhao Hai before giving a small bow and said, “Gellar has seen Patriarch Billy and Patriarch Zhao Hai . ”

Zhao Hai and Billy immediately returned the bow, they don’t dare to be arrogant in front of the Elves . The arrogance of these Elves were quite well known . It wouldn’t be good if Zhao Hai and the others were to be rude . At the end of the day, there was no need to offend the Elves .

Zhao Hai knew that





even if these Elves have been quite hard-headed, their fighting power was still significant . It would be good if he had them as his allies .

Gellar nodded to the two men, “Please come with me, Her Majesty is already waiting for you . ” Then she turned her mount around and flew towards the big tree .

To be honest, Zhao Hai wasn’t expecting this reception from the Elves . He knew that the Elves were already aware of him being a Dark Mage . For them to give him this welcome was something that was out of Zhao Hai’s imagination .

Before long, Zhao Hai and the others entered the forest and into the big tree . Compared to the tree, the Elves who were busying themselves looked as insignificant as an ant .

Then with a command from the leader, the Voiceless Soundbirds fell on top of a branch of the tree . The diameter of this branch alone was ten meters, and it definitely wasn’t the largest branch .

After Zhao Hai and the others came down from the birds, Gellar went to them and said, “Everyone, please come with me . ” Then she waved her hand and turned around . Zhao Hai and the others immediately followed her to walk along the branch .

While walking along, Zhao Hai also took the time to look around . This tree was really too big, he didn’t know how high it was . The only thing that he knew was that when he was at the back of the Voiceless Soundbird, he wasn’t able to see the top of this tree . The tree seems to have broken through the sky .

The stems of the tree were also quite thick, Zhao Hai didn’t have the capacity to measure it . In any case, Zhao Hai can assure that the trunk of the tree was comparable to the size of Golden Island . And almost the entire Elven population was living on this tree .

Then Gellar led Zhao Hai and the others into the trunk of the tree . The inside of this tree looked just like the interior of Dwarf Mountain . There were densely packed caverns inside with each cavern occupied by an Elf household . The inside of the tree’s trunk was very spacious, one couldn’t see the bottom of this space . At the same time, Zhao Hai can also see that there were some Elves that rode some Voiceless Soundbirds to navigate the inside .

Gellar took Zhao Hai’s group to a cavern inside the tree . This cavern had an area of more than 50 meters . It had a living room as well as a smaller caverns for bedrooms . Gellar then turned to Billy and Zhao Hai and said, “Patriarch Billy, Patriarch Zhao Hai, please take a rest here while I go and inform Her Majesty the Queen . ”

Billy and Zhao Hai simultaneously gave a salute to Gellar and said, “Thank you for the trouble . ” Gellar returned the salute before turning around to leave .

After Gellar left, Zhao Hai and Billy sized up the room





room that they were in . The chairs and tables in the room were all made of rattan . Every single one of them were a work of art . It seems like the Elves had merged the pursuit of art with their own lives .

After Billy looked around, he went to the a chair and took a seat . He let out a long sigh and said, “This was the first time that I flew in my entire life . It actually feels very good . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I actually ride a Hawk, but I really can’t feel anything special with them . On the other hand, the cries of these Voiceless Soundbirds are very pleasant to hear . ”

Billy smiled and said, “I forgot that you have these flying Phantasmal Beasts . How about giving us some?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s not a problem, I can give you as many as you want . However, those who ride these beasts need to have training . Otherwise, you won’t be able to fly even if you have them . ”

Billy nodded and said, “That’s great . Give me some of them when we get back . Those Phantasmal Beasts would make Dwarf transportation much better . ”

Zhao Hai nodded as well, then he looked at Billy and said, “Patriarch, why did you think the Queen called for us? I’m quite worried . ”

Billy stared, then he comforted Zhao Hai, “Don’t worry, it’ll be fine . Our trip this time is related to the whole continent . We’re only here to convince the Queen to join our cause . ”

Zhao Hai sighed and then he said, “I really hope that the Elves would form an alliance with us . It would be best for the continent if all non-human races unite against both the Demons and the Divine Race . When that happens, I can then take the beast skin scroll to the Buddha Emperor, my Father-in-law, as well as Boris . As long as they agree to deal with the Divine Realm, then we would have nothing to fear . ”

Billy looked at Zhao Hai, and then with a serious tone he said, “Rest assured, we can certainly deal with all of our enemies . Whether it be the Demons or the Divine Race, everyone who wants to enslave our races shall be eliminated . ”

Zhao Hai replied, “I also believe that we can defeat them . I just hope that the Elves would be on our side . Otherwise, when the Divine Race comes, we couldn’t just accept them as allies . And with no point of retreat, the Elves would be placed in a dangerous position . ”

Billy nodded, then said, “This time, whether we succeed or not, we should go and deal with the Dragon Race . Their reputation alone is causing huge problems . Moreover, their current arrangement divided the continent in half . This wouldn’t be a good thing for us when the Divine Race arrives . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I’m aware of that . That is why I immediately thought of eliminating them .





. After I head back, I shall start to deal with the Dragons . We can’t afford to wait anymore lest more problems pop up . ”

While the two were talking, a female Elf had come in from outside . She brought a bottle of wine as well as some fruits . After placing the food on the table, she looked at Billy and Zhao Hai and said, “Please have a taste . These fruits and wines are special products of our Elven Race . ”

Naturally, Zhao Hai and Billy didn’t decline . After thanking the Elf, they immediately tasted the fruit and wine . There was no need to mention it, the fruit and wine were extremely good . This was especially true for the wine, it had a variety of fruit aroma as well as a very special taste .

When the two had drank a glass of liquor, Gellar can in . Upon entering, she gave a salute to the two and said, “Patriarch Billy, Patriarch Zhao Hai, Her Majesty has invited you in . ” The two immediately stood up and followed Gellar out .

After walking round and round the tree for who knows how long, they finally came out from a hole in the trunk . Then they went on further outside and arrived in a thick branch . This branch was very large and had twigs that formed a platform with an area of about 10 thousand meter squared . And erected on this platform was a palace .

The palace wasn’t very big, its body was completely made out of wood branches . Moreover, these branches were still alive, as seen from the green leaves that can be seen here and there .

There were no guards in this palace . What can be seen on its huge entrance were Elves that were continuously going in and out . Before long, Gellar took the two into the palace . While walking along, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look at the ground . The floor of the palace was made out of leaves that were carefully cut and arranged into very beautiful patterns .

Then Gellar led them towards a Great Hall that had ‘Life Temple’ written on it . It seems like this temple was named after the God that the Elves worship, the God of Life .

When the three people entered the temple, Zhao Hai and Billy couldn’t help but stare . Inside the temple wasn’t only the Elf Queen . There were chairs inside the hall where Elves can be seen sitting . The hall was packed, it had an audience of no less than a hundred people .

In the innermost part of the hall were three chairs . The chair on the middle was more elevated from the other two and there was a female Elf sitting on it . This elf doesn’t look old, she wore a green robe and had a magic staff on her hand . She also had a crown made out of vines on top of her head, giving her a noble aura . It seems like this person was

this person was the Elf Queen . On the left side of the Queen was another female Elf, she looked quite old due to the wrinkles on her face . However, her eyes was shining, and the seriousness on her face made people feel like she wasn’t a person that was easy to get along with .

On the left side of the Queen was a tall and handsome man . Even if one were to consider the other Elves around him, he still stood out . His figure was quite tall and he had a very symmetrical build . He had a neat small beard that didn’t make him look less attractive, instead, it actually made him exude a more manly charm . On his left hand was a sword while on his right hand was a harp . Unexpectedly, he was an Elf who was an expert in both sword and harp .

The Elves commonly studied either magic, swords, or the harp . There were almost no Elves who had both Martial and Magic cultivation . However, there were people who can actually study both the sword and the harp . However, these people were in the extreme minority . This was because studying both fields can cause a person to divide their attention, making their progress mediocre . But at the same time, there were still people among the Elven Race that were referred to as ‘Heavenly Gifted’ in their childhood . These people are extremely gifted in both sword and harp . When these people finish their study, they would be called Great Warriors . These Great Warriors are amongst the fewest of the few in the entire Elven Race .

Gellar brought Zhao Hai in front of the Queen before she stopped and bowed, “Reporting to Her Majesty, The Great Elder, and the Prince . Patriarch Billy and Patriarch Zhao Hai has arrived!”

This was a special characteristic of the Elves . Their ruling body not only comprises of the Queen, they also have the Elder’s assembly as well as the Prince’s Palace . This Elder’s Assembly was composed of Elf Elders that were chosen, majority of them were women, the other men were part of the Queen’s courtier’s, men who follow by her side . The Prince’s palace was generally the hall of the Queen’s husband . The Prince’s men also held some sort of authority . These three group were the core body of the Elf community . Once something related to the whole race comes us, these three would convene and vote for it .

Zhao Hai and Billy quickly took a step forward and gave a bow to the Queen, Great Elder, and the Prince and said, “Zhao Hai(Billy) has seen the Queen, the Great Elder, and the Prince . ”

The Queen nodded and said, “In behalf of my Elven Race, I welcome Patriarch Billy and Patriarch Zhao Hai . Please have a seat . ” The Queen’s voice was very nice to hear, it had a certain magnetic charm to it . Although her voice wasn’t loud, one could still hear every single word very clearly .

 Chapter 655 Elf Queen After studying the Voiceless Soundbird for a while, Zhao Hai found himself to have nothing else to study . He shifted his gaze towards the scenery of the Elven Forest . Beautiful, it was too beautiful . If you gaze at the forest, you would feel that you were in a magical world . The forest was just too dazzling for him . This green landscape was completely different from the green lands of the Prairie . The Beastman Prairie was flat, as if there was a green carpet on the ground . But here, you will be subjected to a green world . There were all kinds of trees with leaves of all shapes and sizes . If the greenery in the Prairie was like a calm sea, then the greenery here was like a raging sea . Although this kind of sea was static, it didn t undermine its beauty at all . It wasn t any worse than gazing at the endless sea . Zhao Hai was quickly absorbed into the scenery of the forest . After Billy s discomfort passed, he was also attracted to the scene around him . His mouth opened from time to time as he expressed his admiration . Then suddenly, a huge tree appeared in their line of sight . This was the biggest tree that Zhao Hai had ever seen . It was so huge that the Bread Trees back at Ape Island looked like saplings . The only plant that Zhao Hai can compare to this tree would be Cai er . The scene of Cai er enveloping a city was completely similar to this tree, it was a shocking sight . Zhao Hai and the others stared blankly at this tree . Then they could faintly spot a few black spots coming out of the forest . Before long, these black figures appeared in front of Zhao Hai . They were a group of Elves that were riding on top of Voiceless Soundbirds . All of these Elves wore wearing long green robes . The robes were beautiful and looked very elegant, Zhao Hai couldn t think of the material that these robes were made of . The one on the lead was a female Elf . The people going along with this female Elf were all harp bearers . On the other hand, the female Elf was actually holding a magic staff, evidently, she is a Mage . Then the one who escorted Zhao Hai spoke to the female Elf . My lord, Patriarch Billy and Mister Zhao Hai has arrived . The Elf woman nodded, then she turned her head to Billy and Zhao Hai before giving a small bow and said, Gellar has seen Patriarch Billy and Patriarch Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai and Billy immediately returned the bow, they don t dare to be arrogant in front of the Elves . The arrogance of these Elves were quite well known . It wouldn t be good if Zhao Hai and the others were to be rude . At the end of the day, there was no need to offend the Elves . Zhao Hai knew that even if these Elves have been quite hard headed, their fighting power was still significant . It would be good if he had them as his allies . Gellar nodded to the two men, Please come with me, Her Majesty is already waiting for you . Then she turned her mount around and flew towards the big tree . To be honest, Zhao Hai wasn t expecting this reception from the Elves . He knew that the Elves were already aware of him being a Dark Mage . For them to give him this welcome was something that was out of Zhao Hai s imagination . Before long, Zhao Hai and the others entered the forest and into the big tree . Compared to the tree, the Elves who were busying themselves looked as insignificant as an ant . Then with a command from the leader, the Voiceless Soundbirds fell on top of a branch of the tree . The diameter of this branch alone was ten meters, and it definitely wasn t the largest branch . After Zhao Hai and the others came down from the birds, Gellar went to them and said, Everyone, please come with me . Then she waved her hand and turned around . Zhao Hai and the others immediately followed her to walk along the branch . While walking along, Zhao Hai also took the time to look around . This tree was really too big, he didn t know how high it was . The only thing that he knew was that when he was at the back of the Voiceless Soundbird, he wasn t able to see the top of this tree . The tree seems to have broken through the sky . The stems of the tree were also quite thick, Zhao Hai didn t have the capacity to measure it . In any case, Zhao Hai can assure that the trunk of the tree was comparable to the size of Golden Island . And almost the entire Elven population was living on this tree . Then Gellar led Zhao Hai and the others into the trunk of the tree . The inside of this tree looked just like the interior of Dwarf Mountain . There were densely packed caverns inside with each cavern occupied by an Elf household . The inside of the tree s trunk was very spacious, one couldn t see the bottom of this space . At the same time, Zhao Hai can also see that there were some Elves that rode some Voiceless Soundbirds to navigate the inside . Gellar took Zhao Hai s group to a cavern inside the tree . This cavern had an area of more than 50 meters . It had a living room as well as a smaller caverns for bedrooms . Gellar then turned to Billy and Zhao Hai and said, Patriarch Billy, Patriarch Zhao Hai, please take a rest here while I go and inform Her Majesty the Queen . Billy and Zhao Hai simultaneously gave a salute to Gellar and said, Thank you for the trouble . Gellar returned the salute before turning around to leave . After Gellar left, Zhao Hai and Billy sized up the room that they were in . The chairs and tables in the room were all made of rattan . Every single one of them were a work of art . It seems like the Elves had merged the pursuit of art with their own lives . After Billy looked around, he went to the a chair and took a seat . He let out a long sigh and said, This was the first time that I flew in my entire life . It actually feels very good . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I actually ride a Hawk, but I really can t feel anything special with them . On the other hand, the cries of these Voiceless Soundbirds are very pleasant to hear . Billy smiled and said, I forgot that you have these flying Phantasmal Beasts . How about giving us some Zhao Hai smiled and said, That s not a problem, I can give you as many as you want . However, those who ride these beasts need to have training . Otherwise, you won t be able to fly even if you have them . Billy nodded and said, That s great . Give me some of them when we get back . Those Phantasmal Beasts would make Dwarf transportation much better . Zhao Hai nodded as well, then he looked at Billy and said, Patriarch, why did you think the Queen called for us I m quite worried . Billy stared, then he comforted Zhao Hai, Don t worry, it ll be fine . Our trip this time is related to the whole continent . We re only here to convince the Queen to join our cause . Zhao Hai sighed and then he said, I really hope that the Elves would form an alliance with us . It would be best for the continent if all non human races unite against both the Demons and the Divine Race . When that happens, I can then take the beast skin scroll to the Buddha Emperor, my Father in law, as well as Boris . As long as they agree to deal with the Divine Realm, then we would have nothing to fear . Billy looked at Zhao Hai, and then with a serious tone he said, Rest assured, we can certainly deal with all of our enemies . Whether it be the Demons or the Divine Race, everyone who wants to enslave our races shall be eliminated . Zhao Hai replied, I also believe that we can defeat them . I just hope that the Elves would be on our side . Otherwise, when the Divine Race comes, we couldn t just accept them as allies . And with no point of retreat, the Elves would be placed in a dangerous position . Billy nodded, then said, This time, whether we succeed or not, we should go and deal with the Dragon Race . Their reputation alone is causing huge problems . Moreover, their current arrangement divided the continent in half . This wouldn t be a good thing for us when the Divine Race arrives . Zhao Hai nodded, I m aware of that . That is why I immediately thought of eliminating them . After I head back, I shall start to deal with the Dragons . We can t afford to wait anymore lest more problems pop up . While the two were talking, a female Elf had come in from outside . She brought a bottle of wine as well as some fruits . After placing the food on the table, she looked at Billy and Zhao Hai and said, Please have a taste . These fruits and wines are special products of our Elven Race . Naturally, Zhao Hai and Billy didn t decline . After thanking the Elf, they immediately tasted the fruit and wine . There was no need to mention it, the fruit and wine were extremely good . This was especially true for the wine, it had a variety of fruit aroma as well as a very special taste . When the two had drank a glass of liquor, Gellar can in . Upon entering, she gave a salute to the two and said, Patriarch Billy, Patriarch Zhao Hai, Her Majesty has invited you in . The two immediately stood up and followed Gellar out . After walking round and round the tree for who knows how long, they finally came out from a hole in the trunk . Then they went on further outside and arrived in a thick branch . This branch was very large and had twigs that formed a platform with an area of about 10 thousand meter squared . And erected on this platform was a palace . The palace wasn t very big, its body was completely made out of wood branches . Moreover, these branches were still alive, as seen from the green leaves that can be seen here and there . There were no guards in this palace . What can be seen on its huge entrance were Elves that were continuously going in and out . Before long, Gellar took the two into the palace . While walking along, Zhao Hai couldn t help but look at the ground . The floor of the palace was made out of leaves that were carefully cut and arranged into very beautiful patterns . Then Gellar led them towards a Great Hall that had Life Temple written on it . It seems like this temple was named after the God that the Elves worship, the God of Life . When the three people entered the temple, Zhao Hai and Billy couldn t help but stare . Inside the temple wasn t only the Elf Queen . There were chairs inside the hall where Elves can be seen sitting . The hall was packed, it had an audience of no less than a hundred people . In the innermost part of the hall were three chairs . The chair on the middle was more elevated from the other two and there was a female Elf sitting on it . This elf doesn t look old, she wore a green robe and had a magic staff on her hand . She also had a crown made out of vines on top of her head, giving her a noble aura . It seems like this person was the Elf Queen . On the left side of the Queen was another female Elf, she looked quite old due to the wrinkles on her face . However, her eyes was shining, and the seriousness on her face made people feel like she wasn t a person that was easy to get along with . On the left side of the Queen was a tall and handsome man . Even if one were to consider the other Elves around him, he still stood out . His figure was quite tall and he had a very symmetrical build . He had a neat small beard that didn t make him look less attractive, instead, it actually made him exude a more manly charm . On his left hand was a sword while on his right hand was a harp . Unexpectedly, he was an Elf who was an expert in both sword and harp . The Elves commonly studied either magic, swords, or the harp . There were almost no Elves who had both Martial and Magic cultivation . However, there were people who can actually study both the sword and the harp . However, these people were in the extreme minority . This was because studying both fields can cause a person to divide their attention, making their progress mediocre . But at the same time, there were still people among the Elven Race that were referred to as Heavenly Gifted in their childhood . These people are extremely gifted in both sword and harp . When these people finish their study, they would be called Great Warriors . These Great Warriors are amongst the fewest of the few in the entire Elven Race . Gellar brought Zhao Hai in front of the Queen before she stopped and bowed, Reporting to Her Majesty, The Great Elder, and the Prince . Patriarch Billy and Patriarch Zhao Hai has arrived This was a special characteristic of the Elves . Their ruling body not only comprises of the Queen, they also have the Elder s assembly as well as the Prince s Palace . This Elder s Assembly was composed of Elf Elders that were chosen, majority of them were women, the other men were part of the Queen s courtier s, men who follow by her side . The Prince s palace was generally the hall of the Queen s husband . The Prince s men also held some sort of authority . These three group were the core body of the Elf community . Once something related to the whole race comes us, these three would convene and vote for it . Zhao Hai and Billy quickly took a step forward and gave a bow to the Queen, Great Elder, and the Prince and said, Zhao Hai Billy has seen the Queen, the Great Elder, and the Prince . The Queen nodded and said, In behalf of my Elven Race, I welcome Patriarch Billy and Patriarch Zhao Hai . Please have a seat . The Queen s voice was very nice to hear, it had a certain magnetic charm to it . Although her voice wasn t loud, one could still hear every single word very clearly .





* * *





Chapter 656 – Anger!

After Zhao Hai had sat down, he immediately felt countless amounts of gazes targeted towards him . Some of these gazes even held great hostility, while some were loathing .

Zhao Hai was very clear about why he was receiving such gazes, it was either because he was Human or he was a Dark Mage . Both conditions were enough to make Elves look at him in a negative way .

It was needless to say that the Elves might even hate Humans much more than the Divine Race . After all, the hatred between the Elves and the Divine Realm happened too long ago . Even if the lifespans of the Elves were more than the Humans, not even them can live for longer than 10 thousand years . Moreover, it was also impossible to remember matters of tens of thousands of years ago .

On the other hand, their hatred for the Humans was quite recent . Although it had happened in about less than a thousand years ago, there were Elves who were still alive from back then . Therefore, the Elves still held a huge grudge against the Human Race .

Additionally, Zhao Hai was a Dark Mage . Dark Mages were the deemed by the Elves to be the most repugnant profession there is . The Elves respected life and loved peace . Although they were were quite fastidious about art, they were even more fastidious when it comes to peace and preservation of life, it was to the point of extreme obsession .

Because of this, the summoning magics of the Dark Mages were seen to be the biggest disrespect to the Elven beliefs . Reanimating a person who was already dead was an insult to life . Therefore, Zhao Hai was not confused about the gazes that were thrown his way .

After they had sat down, the Queen looked at Billy and Zhao Hai, “Patriarch Billy, Patriarch Zhao Hai, I want to know, is Patriarch Billy really telling the truth? Patriarch Zhao Hai, do you have any proof to back your claims?”

Zhao Hai looked at the Queen in annoyance . He didn’t think that the Elves would still be doubtful this far into their contact . However, he still took out the beast skin scroll that was signed by the Dwarves, the Beastmen and





the Fishmen . Then he stood up and said, to the Queen, “Read this and you will know . ”

The Elf Queen nodded, then she beckoned her hand as an Elf received Zhao Hai’s beast skin scroll and handed it over to the Queen .

The Queen opened the scroll and carefully read the contents inside . She noticed Billy’s and the others’ mark, her face couldn’t help but show surprise .

The Dwarves, the Beastmen, and the Fishmen were huge groups of the Continent . In the past, the Elves also had contact with these races . Only when the Radiant Church instigated the Humans to break the relationships with these races did the Elves come in contact with the others races fewer and fewer times . Only when the Dwarves had dug their tunnel did the Elves have in contact with them .

Although it had been a long time since contact has been made, the Queen can still recognize the unique marks of the other races . These marks were simply unable to be forged . Additionally, Billy was sitting right there, which proves that these marks were indeed real .

After looking at the scroll, the Queen handed it over to the Great Elder before turning her head to Zhao Hai and said, “It seems like Mister is telling the truth . Also, did the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race really occupy the Ocean Waves Dynasty as well as the Lyon Empire?”

Zhao Hai just nodded since there was no need for useless words . He really couldn’t understand why the Queen refused to believe in him . He and Billy had time and time again displayed their sincerity . But after all this time, the Queen was still doubtful, this annoyed Zhao Hai very much .

The Great Elder also looked at the scroll before she handed it over to the Prince . At this time the Queen asked, “And does mister have any plans?”

Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “I do . I don’t think that the Dragons’ action this time was due to pure coincidence . It was possible that they had received a message from the Divine Realm . Therefore, as soon as I leave the forest, I shall go and deal with the Dragons . Their race needs to be eliminated from the continent .





Otherwise, we would be placed in grave danger once the Divine Race arrives . ”

The Elf Queen looked at Zhao Hai, her eyes shone with interest, making her more attractive than before . The Queen expressed her noble aura as she asked with a serious tone, “Is mister confident in dealing with the Dragon Race?”

Seeing the look on the Queen’s face, Zhao Hai knew that she was thinking about how invincible the Dragons were . It was no wonder that the Queen had her current expression when she heard that Zhao Hai was going to eliminate the Dragons .

Zhao Hai didn’t become polite, he just nodded and said, “I do . I have no choice, after all, the Dragons had controlled the Lyon Empire, essentially halving the entire continent . If we don’t deal with the Dragons, then when the Divine Race comes, they would be able to establish a base in Lyon Empire . Then, along with the Ocean Waves Dynasty, the two of them would quickly take care of the Buddha Empire . After that, they can then focus on attacking the Rosen Empire and the Aksu Empire . And most importantly, the Lyon Empire separates the Dwarves and the Elves . The elimination of the Dragons is required for the future cooperation between the Dwarves and the Elves in dealing with the Divine Race . ”

The Elf Queen nodded . At this time, the Prince had also read the beast skin scroll, he curled it and then passed it over to an Elf and had it returned to Zhao Hai .

The Prince looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Then what does Mister require of our Elf Race?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and replied, “You don’t have to do anything . I just want the Elves to know this so that when the Divine Race comes, we could stand side by side in resisting and fighting back . ”

But then the Great Elder suddenly said, “And how can you assure our safety? How can we feel relieved when fighting together with you? How can we make sure that you’re not doing this just to enslave us?”

Zhao Hai had already thought about this issue, so with a serious tone he answered, “As long as the Elves is our ally, I, Zhao Hai, shall assure your race’s absolute security . I have the strength to back this





back this up . ”

The Great Elder coldly snorted and said, “Do you really believe that the Elven Race would ally with you with just those few words? Aren’t you being too naive?”

At this point, Zhao Hai had gotten angry . Every since him and Billy started their contact with the Elves, the latter had always been dragging its feet . And now, he had come with sincere intent, but the other party was still being like this, not trusting him . This made Zhao Hai fume with anger . He looked at the Queen, the Prince, and then the Great Elder before he said with a cold voice, “I came here in the hopes of forming an alliance with the Elf Race . I was hoping that you would know that your race wouldn’t be excluded from being targets when the Divine Race comes . I’m only here to propose an alliance and not to beg for help . If you ally with us, then only good things would happen to the Elves . When the Divine Race arrives, you would have allies to share the burden of battle with . Moreover, if the Divine Race comes, do you really think that we would be in the mood to enslave the Elven Race?”

Billy was similarly incensed . The Elves might be clueless, but Billy was aware of what Zhao Hai had done in the past few days . He had kept going back and forth to different races just to unite them all . His effort alone was already worthy of respect . The Elves’ completely distrustful attitude truly lit the fuse of this Dwarf Patriarch .

Billy stood up and the looked angrily at the Elf Queen as well as the others, “What do you mean? You still don’t trust Zhao Hai? I had already told you before, besides being a Human, he had become a Foreign Elder to the Dwarves . At the same time, he is also a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen . Moreover, he is also in extremely good graces with the Fishman . Is this status still not enough for the Elves? Are you looking down on us?”

Dwarves have their own temper, and it was not easy for them to hold back for a long time . Zhao Hai has been regarded well by Billy . In

. In this case, how could Billy tolerate the Elves’ distrust of Zhao Hai? This was akin to the Elves being distrustful to the Dwarves .

The Elf Queen frowned, she also thought that the Great Elder’s words were somewhat improper . In fact, the Elves had already investigated the words coming from the Dwarves and the Queen was already willing to form an alliance with Zhao Hai . however, she didn’t had the means to make a decision because the Great Elder has been opposing to it all this time . This was the reason why this matter has been dragged on for so long .

The Queen understood why Zhao Hai and Billy would get angry at the Great Elder’s words . She already trusted Zhao Hai and Billy . Even if she had doubts about the Human, her suspicion didn’t extend to the Dwarf . The Elves had been in contact with the Dwarves for a long time, so the Queen was aware about their temperament . The Queen can affirm that the Dwarves wouldn’t just help the Humans to deal with an enemy if the reason was not fully investigated through .

But at this time, the Great Elder once again coldly snorted and said, “And why would I trust a human? Even if he is the Foreign Elder of the Dwarves as well as a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen, he is still a Human . Also, the Dwarves have been living easy because of the Elves . And you count yourself as our equal? Completely laughable!”

When he heard the Great Elder’s words, Billy’s face expression turned completely dark . “So it turns out that the Elves are the saviour of the Dwarves? Hahaha . This is the most ridiculous joke that I had ever heard . We have it easy? Just from those artworks that you make? Our Dwarven ironwares are famous all over the continent . At the same time, we Dwarves also have no problems when it came to food and clothing . On the other hand, you Elves have been using your products in order to trade for supplies from my Dwarf Race . Now, I must ask the Great Elder, what days did the Elven Race have before we came in contact with you? Now, after we Dwarves came, how much did your quality of life improve?”

 Chapter 656 Anger After Zhao Hai had sat down, he immediately felt countless amounts of gazes targeted towards him . Some of these gazes even held great hostility, while some were loathing . Zhao Hai was very clear about why he was receiving such gazes, it was either because he was Human or he was a Dark Mage . Both conditions were enough to make Elves look at him in a negative way . It was needless to say that the Elves might even hate Humans much more than the Divine Race . After all, the hatred between the Elves and the Divine Realm happened too long ago . Even if the lifespans of the Elves were more than the Humans, not even them can live for longer than 10 thousand years . Moreover, it was also impossible to remember matters of tens of thousands of years ago . On the other hand, their hatred for the Humans was quite recent . Although it had happened in about less than a thousand years ago, there were Elves who were still alive from back then . Therefore, the Elves still held a huge grudge against the Human Race . Additionally, Zhao Hai was a Dark Mage . Dark Mages were the deemed by the Elves to be the most repugnant profession there is . The Elves respected life and loved peace . Although they were were quite fastidious about art, they were even more fastidious when it comes to peace and preservation of life, it was to the point of extreme obsession . Because of this, the summoning magics of the Dark Mages were seen to be the biggest disrespect to the Elven beliefs . Reanimating a person who was already dead was an insult to life . Therefore, Zhao Hai was not confused about the gazes that were thrown his way . After they had sat down, the Queen looked at Billy and Zhao Hai, Patriarch Billy, Patriarch Zhao Hai, I want to know, is Patriarch Billy really telling the truth Patriarch Zhao Hai, do you have any proof to back your claims Zhao Hai looked at the Queen in annoyance . He didn t think that the Elves would still be doubtful this far into their contact . However, he still took out the beast skin scroll that was signed by the Dwarves, the Beastmen and the Fishmen . Then he stood up and said, to the Queen, Read this and you will know . The Elf Queen nodded, then she beckoned her hand as an Elf received Zhao Hai s beast skin scroll and handed it over to the Queen . The Queen opened the scroll and carefully read the contents inside . She noticed Billy s and the others mark, her face couldn t help but show surprise . The Dwarves, the Beastmen, and the Fishmen were huge groups of the Continent . In the past, the Elves also had contact with these races . Only when the Radiant Church instigated the Humans to break the relationships with these races did the Elves come in contact with the others races fewer and fewer times . Only when the Dwarves had dug their tunnel did the Elves have in contact with them . Although it had been a long time since contact has been made, the Queen can still recognize the unique marks of the other races . These marks were simply unable to be forged . Additionally, Billy was sitting right there, which proves that these marks were indeed real . After looking at the scroll, the Queen handed it over to the Great Elder before turning her head to Zhao Hai and said, It seems like Mister is telling the truth . Also, did the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race really occupy the Ocean Waves Dynasty as well as the Lyon Empire Zhao Hai just nodded since there was no need for useless words . He really couldn t understand why the Queen refused to believe in him . He and Billy had time and time again displayed their sincerity . But after all this time, the Queen was still doubtful, this annoyed Zhao Hai very much . The Great Elder also looked at the scroll before she handed it over to the Prince . At this time the Queen asked, And does mister have any plans Zhao Hai nodded and then said, I do . I don t think that the Dragons action this time was due to pure coincidence . It was possible that they had received a message from the Divine Realm . Therefore, as soon as I leave the forest, I shall go and deal with the Dragons . Their race needs to be eliminated from the continent . Otherwise, we would be placed in grave danger once the Divine Race arrives . The Elf Queen looked at Zhao Hai, her eyes shone with interest, making her more attractive than before . The Queen expressed her noble aura as she asked with a serious tone, Is mister confident in dealing with the Dragon Race Seeing the look on the Queen s face, Zhao Hai knew that she was thinking about how invincible the Dragons were . It was no wonder that the Queen had her current expression when she heard that Zhao Hai was going to eliminate the Dragons . Zhao Hai didn t become polite, he just nodded and said, I do . I have no choice, after all, the Dragons had controlled the Lyon Empire, essentially halving the entire continent . If we don t deal with the Dragons, then when the Divine Race comes, they would be able to establish a base in Lyon Empire . Then, along with the Ocean Waves Dynasty, the two of them would quickly take care of the Buddha Empire . After that, they can then focus on attacking the Rosen Empire and the Aksu Empire . And most importantly, the Lyon Empire separates the Dwarves and the Elves . The elimination of the Dragons is required for the future cooperation between the Dwarves and the Elves in dealing with the Divine Race . The Elf Queen nodded . At this time, the Prince had also read the beast skin scroll, he curled it and then passed it over to an Elf and had it returned to Zhao Hai . The Prince looked at Zhao Hai and said, Then what does Mister require of our Elf Race Zhao Hai shook his head and replied, You don t have to do anything . I just want the Elves to know this so that when the Divine Race comes, we could stand side by side in resisting and fighting back . But then the Great Elder suddenly said, And how can you assure our safety How can we feel relieved when fighting together with you How can we make sure that you re not doing this just to enslave us Zhao Hai had already thought about this issue, so with a serious tone he answered, As long as the Elves is our ally, I, Zhao Hai, shall assure your race s absolute security . I have the strength to back this up . The Great Elder coldly snorted and said, Do you really believe that the Elven Race would ally with you with just those few words Aren t you being too naive At this point, Zhao Hai had gotten angry . Every since him and Billy started their contact with the Elves, the latter had always been dragging its feet . And now, he had come with sincere intent, but the other party was still being like this, not trusting him . This made Zhao Hai fume with anger . He looked at the Queen, the Prince, and then the Great Elder before he said with a cold voice, I came here in the hopes of forming an alliance with the Elf Race . I was hoping that you would know that your race wouldn t be excluded from being targets when the Divine Race comes . I m only here to propose an alliance and not to beg for help . If you ally with us, then only good things would happen to the Elves . When the Divine Race arrives, you would have allies to share the burden of battle with . Moreover, if the Divine Race comes, do you really think that we would be in the mood to enslave the Elven Race Billy was similarly incensed . The Elves might be clueless, but Billy was aware of what Zhao Hai had done in the past few days . He had kept going back and forth to different races just to unite them all . His effort alone was already worthy of respect . The Elves completely distrustful attitude truly lit the fuse of this Dwarf Patriarch . Billy stood up and the looked angrily at the Elf Queen as well as the others, What do you mean You still don t trust Zhao Hai I had already told you before, besides being a Human, he had become a Foreign Elder to the Dwarves . At the same time, he is also a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen . Moreover, he is also in extremely good graces with the Fishman . Is this status still not enough for the Elves Are you looking down on us Dwarves have their own temper, and it was not easy for them to hold back for a long time . Zhao Hai has been regarded well by Billy . In this case, how could Billy tolerate the Elves distrust of Zhao Hai This was akin to the Elves being distrustful to the Dwarves . The Elf Queen frowned, she also thought that the Great Elder s words were somewhat improper . In fact, the Elves had already investigated the words coming from the Dwarves and the Queen was already willing to form an alliance with Zhao Hai . however, she didn t had the means to make a decision because the Great Elder has been opposing to it all this time . This was the reason why this matter has been dragged on for so long . The Queen understood why Zhao Hai and Billy would get angry at the Great Elder s words . She already trusted Zhao Hai and Billy . Even if she had doubts about the Human, her suspicion didn t extend to the Dwarf . The Elves had been in contact with the Dwarves for a long time, so the Queen was aware about their temperament . The Queen can affirm that the Dwarves wouldn t just help the Humans to deal with an enemy if the reason was not fully investigated through . But at this time, the Great Elder once again coldly snorted and said, And why would I trust a human Even if he is the Foreign Elder of the Dwarves as well as a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen, he is still a Human . Also, the Dwarves have been living easy because of the Elves . And you count yourself as our equal Completely laughable When he heard the Great Elder s words, Billy s face expression turned completely dark . So it turns out that the Elves are the saviour of the Dwarves Hahaha . This is the most ridiculous joke that I had ever heard . We have it easy Just from those artworks that you make Our Dwarven ironwares are famous all over the continent . At the same time, we Dwarves also have no problems when it came to food and clothing . On the other hand, you Elves have been using your products in order to trade for supplies from my Dwarf Race . Now, I must ask the Great Elder, what days did the Elven Race have before we came in contact with you Now, after we Dwarves came, how much did your quality of life improve





* * *





Chapter 657 – A Suspicious Great Elder

Billy wasn’t incorrect, the reason why the Dwarves were living well even until now was their ironware . And with how the Buddha Empire exhibited their prowess, Dwarven ironware has been known to be the best all around .

On the other hand, even if Elven wares were expensive, their rate of production was just pitifully low . If it weren’t for the Dwarves, the Elves wouldn’t have ample living materials . After all, there was no way to get in contact with the Elves, nor was it easy to interact with them . Among the races in the continent, it was the Elves that were the hardest to approach .

When the Great Elder heard Billy, he didn’t know what to say, but this also made her angry . The Elder had always thought that the Elves were the most noble race in the continent . This was because the Elves were the most beautiful, had the longest lifespan, and were able to make the best artworks . This fact made the Elves very proud, to the point that they looked down on the other races . In fact, the Dwarves were too crude in their eyes . If they didn’t need to trade for living necessities, then they wouldn’t have come in contact with the Dwarves .

The main reason of this thinking was the fact that they were not in contact with other races . They had always thought that they were the most noble while always staying inside their kingdom . They were like frogs inside a well, thinking that the sky was the only one that existed .

At the current time, there were still a lot of Elves who had this mentality . After all, they hadn’t come in contact with the outside world . This cause them to gradually have this attitude of self-importance .

The Queen was aware of this quality, but she didn’t have the means to change it . This was because the Elves cannot come in contact with the Humans . At the same time, they also see the Beastmen to be quite dangerous . In all honesty, the Queen was feeling quite helpless with regards to this matter .

One shouldn’t see the Queen as the one who managed the entire Elven Kingdom . With both the Prince and the Great Elder to decide matters with, the Queen felt powerless . It





was just unfortunate that the Elves always had this type of governance .

Normally, the Queen and the Prince should have a more intimate interaction with each other, after all, the Prince was the Queen’s husband . However, the Queen’s current situation was a bit special . Although they were husband and wife, the Prince was actually the son of the Great Elder . That is to say, the Queen was actually the daughter-in-law of the Great Elder . Since the Prince grew up in the care of the Great Elder, everything was done in accordance to the Great Elder’s decision . Therefore, when a matter arrives, it was always the Great Elder and the Prince who would come into a unanimous decision . If it weren’t for the Great Elder, the Queen wouldn’t have allowed Zhao Hai’s matters to reach this point .

When the nearby Prince saw that Billy was berating the Great Elder, he immediately became angry, he stood up and pointed to Billy and said, “Rude! How dare you disrespect the Great Elder! Apologize immediately . ”

Billy turned his head to the Prince, he coldly snorted and said, “Me, being rude? Isn’t that something that I should say to you? Don’t forget, I am the Patriarch of the Dwarven Race, a position that is equal to your Queen . Meanwhile, you’re just a Prince, what gave you the authority to scold me? Who do you think you are?”

The explosive temper of the Dwarves was quite famous in the continent . At this point, Billy couldn’t stomach the Elves’ attitude of always having their noses turned to the skies . Billy’s politeness had already run out .

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder and the Prince, he couldn’t understand how the matter reached this point . Why were the Great Elder and the Prince having these reactions?

They came to the Elves this time to offer an Alliance, not to ask for anything . Moreover, it was an alliance to fight shoulder to shoulder when the Divine Race came . In this case, why was the Great Elder in opposition to this? What exactly was he thinking?

Zhao Hai was frowning while looking at both the Great Elder and the Prince . It might be an illusion, but Zhao Hai saw that when Billy and the Prince quarrelled, the Great Elder had a flash of happiness in her eyes .

An alarm suddenly sounded inside Zhao Hai’s heart . He can remember the





the time when the Beastmen were being brainwashed by the Radiant Church . Was it possible for the Church to brainwash an Elf? Was the Great Elder brainwashed by the Radiant Church?

But Zhao Hai changed his mind . If this was really the case, that the Great Elder was a person of the Radiant Church, then she would’ve already told the Church about their plans . But from the response of the Church, it seems like they still weren’t aware of his plan . This made Zhao Hai doubt his initial suspicion .

When the Prince heard Billy, his handsome face turned red . He unsheathed the sword on his waist and pointed it towards Billy, “Apologize, otherwise, face death!”

Billy looked at the Prince coldly and said, “Letting me apologize? Keep dreaming . If you want to fight me, then bring it on! Let’s see who survives to the very end . ”

Since he came to see the Queen, Billy didn’t bring any weapons . However, Dwarves were never afraid of a fight . Even if they were killed, they wouldn’t just go down that easily .

The Queen frowned and said, “Gaye, that’s enough . Don’t forget, Patriarch Billy came were politely . Don’t be disrespectful . ”

Just as the Queen finished talking, the Great Elder suddenly said, “How could it be disrespectful? We still haven’t formed an alliance with them . They just want us to be in an alliance with them so that when they can slowly enslave our race once again . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder, he was still quite suspicious towards her, but he didn’t express it . He just turned to the Great Elder and said, “I’ll have to disagree with that, Great Elder . After all, your combat prowess won’t reduce when you become our allies . At that point, how could we possibly enslave you? Moreover, are you confident in resisting the attack of the Divine Race? Will you be safe by yourselves?”

The Great Elder coldly snorted and said, “Even if we surrender to the Divine Race, at least we won’t be treated as slaves . ”

When Zhao Hai heard the Great Elder, his pupils couldn’t help but shrink . His eyes flashed a cold light and said, “How can the Great Elder be sure that the Divine Race wouldn’t enslave you? If the Divine Race was not planning to enslave you, then why did the Elves joined the war against them a long





a long time ago? How can the Great Elder make her current judgement? Has the Great Elder been in contact with the Radiant Church?”

After hearing Zhao Hai speak, the entire hall suddenly turned quiet . All the Elves present were looking at the Great Elder .

The Elves weren’t stupid, in fact, they were more intelligent than the Dwarves or the Beastmen . It was only because of their beauty as well as the plot of the Radiant Church that they were unable to come in contact with the Humans . One must know that in the past, during the time where the Elves were still in contact with the continent, there were a lot of big Merchants who were Elves . At the same time, there were even some Elves who held high-ranking position in the various nations . This was ample evidence for the Elven intellect .

Zhao Hai’s question immediately made the Elves inside the hall find something wrong . Zhao Hai’s trip was done in pure sincerity, he didn’t even make the Elves leave their forest . He also didn’t say that the Elves would have to listen to his command . He only came to propose the alliance to the Elf Queen, and to express his idea of fighting together against the Divine Race . In this case, the Great Elder’s reaction was truly overboard . Especially when she said that they would just surrender to the Divine Race, this made the Elves doubt her words .

The Great Elder also discovered that her mouth had slipped, but she didn’t surrender and steeled her resolve, “Correct, a person from the Radiant Church came . They were very sincere in their visit and told me that as long as the Elves help the Divine Race control the continent, then they would guarantee the safety of our race . They also assured me that the Elves would continue living inside the Elven Forest . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder and said, “How come the Great Elder believed their promise while doubting mine? I am a Foreign Elder of the Dwarves as well as a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen, my status should be a match for the Radiant Church . May I know then why?”

The Great Elder looked at Zhao Hai and then sneered, “That’s an easy question, did you realize who you are Zhao Hai? You’re a Dark Mage . How could you be credible when you don’t even respect the

even respect the dead? I would never believe you . I might as well believe a Light Mage than a Dark Mage . ”

When the other Elves heard the Great Elder, humming discussion was suddenly heard inside the hall . It was clear that they approved of the Great Elder’s view .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but couldn’t smile and said, “Being respectful to people? Great Elder, can you really be this naive? Do you know the reason why the races became like this? Do you know why the Elves were turned into slaves by the Humans? Do you know why the Humans suddenly loathed the other races when they were initially peaceful with them? May I know whether the Great Elder had thought of these questions?”

The Great Elder coldly snorted and said, “It is because of how greedy the Humans can be . Therefore, they suppressed the different races of the continent . What further thinking does this need?”

Zhao Hai sneered, “The reason why I claimed that the Great Elder is being naive was because the Great Elder seemed to not have recognized the core of the matter . The reason of the current situation was due to the fact that the Human records have been changed . In the past, history books of the Humans depicted the Dwarves and the Beastmen with a positive light . Although the Beastmen loved to fight while the Dwarves had shallow temper, they were still written to be good people . On the other hand, the Elves were also regarded quite well . Nor only are Elves seen as gentle, they were written to be intelligent as well as people who loved art . All these descriptions were worthy for the readers to respect the races .

The Elves in the hall couldn’t help but nod, even the Great Elder nodded . Then Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said, “But later on, some people revised the contents of the Human books . In this revision, the Beastmen turned from being brave to being ruthless barbarians . The Dwarves had turned into being with unreasonable temper . But since the Elves had zero negatives to their attitude, they were written to be races who had nothing else but beauty . The Humans were slowly influenced by these books and suddenly changed their attitude towards the other races, and before long, they were suppressing them . Does the Great Elder know who revised the records?”

 Chapter 657 A Suspicious Great Elder Billy wasn t incorrect, the reason why the Dwarves were living well even until now was their ironware . And with how the Buddha Empire exhibited their prowess, Dwarven ironware has been known to be the best all around . On the other hand, even if Elven wares were expensive, their rate of production was just pitifully low . If it weren t for the Dwarves, the Elves wouldn t have ample living materials . After all, there was no way to get in contact with the Elves, nor was it easy to interact with them . Among the races in the continent, it was the Elves that were the hardest to approach . When the Great Elder heard Billy, he didn t know what to say, but this also made her angry . The Elder had always thought that the Elves were the most noble race in the continent . This was because the Elves were the most beautiful, had the longest lifespan, and were able to make the best artworks . This fact made the Elves very proud, to the point that they looked down on the other races . In fact, the Dwarves were too crude in their eyes . If they didn t need to trade for living necessities, then they wouldn t have come in contact with the Dwarves . The main reason of this thinking was the fact that they were not in contact with other races . They had always thought that they were the most noble while always staying inside their kingdom . They were like frogs inside a well, thinking that the sky was the only one that existed . At the current time, there were still a lot of Elves who had this mentality . After all, they hadn t come in contact with the outside world . This cause them to gradually have this attitude of self importance . The Queen was aware of this quality, but she didn t have the means to change it . This was because the Elves cannot come in contact with the Humans . At the same time, they also see the Beastmen to be quite dangerous . In all honesty, the Queen was feeling quite helpless with regards to this matter . One shouldn t see the Queen as the one who managed the entire Elven Kingdom . With both the Prince and the Great Elder to decide matters with, the Queen felt powerless . It was just unfortunate that the Elves always had this type of governance . Normally, the Queen and the Prince should have a more intimate interaction with each other, after all, the Prince was the Queen s husband . However, the Queen s current situation was a bit special . Although they were husband and wife, the Prince was actually the son of the Great Elder . That is to say, the Queen was actually the daughter in law of the Great Elder . Since the Prince grew up in the care of the Great Elder, everything was done in accordance to the Great Elder s decision . Therefore, when a matter arrives, it was always the Great Elder and the Prince who would come into a unanimous decision . If it weren t for the Great Elder, the Queen wouldn t have allowed Zhao Hai s matters to reach this point . When the nearby Prince saw that Billy was berating the Great Elder, he immediately became angry, he stood up and pointed to Billy and said, Rude How dare you disrespect the Great Elder Apologize immediately . Billy turned his head to the Prince, he coldly snorted and said, Me, being rude Isn t that something that I should say to you Don t forget, I am the Patriarch of the Dwarven Race, a position that is equal to your Queen . Meanwhile, you re just a Prince, what gave you the authority to scold me Who do you think you are The explosive temper of the Dwarves was quite famous in the continent . At this point, Billy couldn t stomach the Elves attitude of always having their noses turned to the skies . Billy s politeness had already run out . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder and the Prince, he couldn t understand how the matter reached this point . Why were the Great Elder and the Prince having these reactions They came to the Elves this time to offer an Alliance, not to ask for anything . Moreover, it was an alliance to fight shoulder to shoulder when the Divine Race came . In this case, why was the Great Elder in opposition to this What exactly was he thinking Zhao Hai was frowning while looking at both the Great Elder and the Prince . It might be an illusion, but Zhao Hai saw that when Billy and the Prince quarrelled, the Great Elder had a flash of happiness in her eyes . An alarm suddenly sounded inside Zhao Hai s heart . He can remember the time when the Beastmen were being brainwashed by the Radiant Church . Was it possible for the Church to brainwash an Elf Was the Great Elder brainwashed by the Radiant Church But Zhao Hai changed his mind . If this was really the case, that the Great Elder was a person of the Radiant Church, then she would ve already told the Church about their plans . But from the response of the Church, it seems like they still weren t aware of his plan . This made Zhao Hai doubt his initial suspicion . When the Prince heard Billy, his handsome face turned red . He unsheathed the sword on his waist and pointed it towards Billy, Apologize, otherwise, face death Billy looked at the Prince coldly and said, Letting me apologize Keep dreaming . If you want to fight me, then bring it on Let s see who survives to the very end . Since he came to see the Queen, Billy didn t bring any weapons . However, Dwarves were never afraid of a fight . Even if they were killed, they wouldn t just go down that easily . The Queen frowned and said, Gaye, that s enough . Don t forget, Patriarch Billy came were politely . Don t be disrespectful . Just as the Queen finished talking, the Great Elder suddenly said, How could it be disrespectful We still haven t formed an alliance with them . They just want us to be in an alliance with them so that when they can slowly enslave our race once again . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder, he was still quite suspicious towards her, but he didn t express it . He just turned to the Great Elder and said, I ll have to disagree with that, Great Elder . After all, your combat prowess won t reduce when you become our allies . At that point, how could we possibly enslave you Moreover, are you confident in resisting the attack of the Divine Race Will you be safe by yourselves The Great Elder coldly snorted and said, Even if we surrender to the Divine Race, at least we won t be treated as slaves . When Zhao Hai heard the Great Elder, his pupils couldn t help but shrink . His eyes flashed a cold light and said, How can the Great Elder be sure that the Divine Race wouldn t enslave you If the Divine Race was not planning to enslave you, then why did the Elves joined the war against them a long time ago How can the Great Elder make her current judgement Has the Great Elder been in contact with the Radiant Church After hearing Zhao Hai speak, the entire hall suddenly turned quiet . All the Elves present were looking at the Great Elder . The Elves weren t stupid, in fact, they were more intelligent than the Dwarves or the Beastmen . It was only because of their beauty as well as the plot of the Radiant Church that they were unable to come in contact with the Humans . One must know that in the past, during the time where the Elves were still in contact with the continent, there were a lot of big Merchants who were Elves . At the same time, there were even some Elves who held high ranking position in the various nations . This was ample evidence for the Elven intellect . Zhao Hai s question immediately made the Elves inside the hall find something wrong . Zhao Hai s trip was done in pure sincerity, he didn t even make the Elves leave their forest . He also didn t say that the Elves would have to listen to his command . He only came to propose the alliance to the Elf Queen, and to express his idea of fighting together against the Divine Race . In this case, the Great Elder s reaction was truly overboard . Especially when she said that they would just surrender to the Divine Race, this made the Elves doubt her words . The Great Elder also discovered that her mouth had slipped, but she didn t surrender and steeled her resolve, Correct, a person from the Radiant Church came . They were very sincere in their visit and told me that as long as the Elves help the Divine Race control the continent, then they would guarantee the safety of our race . They also assured me that the Elves would continue living inside the Elven Forest . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder and said, How come the Great Elder believed their promise while doubting mine I am a Foreign Elder of the Dwarves as well as a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen, my status should be a match for the Radiant Church . May I know then why The Great Elder looked at Zhao Hai and then sneered, That s an easy question, did you realize who you are Zhao Hai You re a Dark Mage . How could you be credible when you don t even respect the dead I would never believe you . I might as well believe a Light Mage than a Dark Mage . When the other Elves heard the Great Elder, humming discussion was suddenly heard inside the hall . It was clear that they approved of the Great Elder s view . Zhao Hai couldn t help but couldn t smile and said, Being respectful to people Great Elder, can you really be this naive Do you know the reason why the races became like this Do you know why the Elves were turned into slaves by the Humans Do you know why the Humans suddenly loathed the other races when they were initially peaceful with them May I know whether the Great Elder had thought of these questions The Great Elder coldly snorted and said, It is because of how greedy the Humans can be . Therefore, they suppressed the different races of the continent . What further thinking does this need Zhao Hai sneered, The reason why I claimed that the Great Elder is being naive was because the Great Elder seemed to not have recognized the core of the matter . The reason of the current situation was due to the fact that the Human records have been changed . In the past, history books of the Humans depicted the Dwarves and the Beastmen with a positive light . Although the Beastmen loved to fight while the Dwarves had shallow temper, they were still written to be good people . On the other hand, the Elves were also regarded quite well . Nor only are Elves seen as gentle, they were written to be intelligent as well as people who loved art . All these descriptions were worthy for the readers to respect the races . The Elves in the hall couldn t help but nod, even the Great Elder nodded . Then Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said, But later on, some people revised the contents of the Human books . In this revision, the Beastmen turned from being brave to being ruthless barbarians . The Dwarves had turned into being with unreasonable temper . But since the Elves had zero negatives to their attitude, they were written to be races who had nothing else but beauty . The Humans were slowly influenced by these books and suddenly changed their attitude towards the other races, and before long, they were suppressing them . Does the Great Elder know who revised the records





* * *





Chapter 658 – Rebels

The Great Elder couldn’t help but stare when she heard Zhao Hai . Although they have their own records, the Elves’ history only recorded how the Humans have suppressed them, it didn’t record the reason why . Because of this, the Elves had always blamed their suppression and enslavement to the greed of Humans . Now that Zhao Hai expressed this matter, things suddenly seemed to be not so simple .

The Great Elder looked at Zhao Hai and said, “And do you know who did it?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, I do . The Humans aren’t like the Elves or the Dwarves who always had peace with each other . Due to the ambitions of the Humans, they weren’t able to unite internally and even had multiple cases of war . This made it hard to preserve Human history and extremely easy for someone to slip in some revisions . And there is an organization that can easily do it in the past, and it was the Radiant Church . ”

It was not only the Elves who were startled with Zhao Hai’s words, Billy was the same . All of them stared at Zhao Hai, waiting for him to back his own words .

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said, “The Radiant Church had existed way before all of us thought . They were just being extremely low-key, only becoming slowly formidable in the recent several hundred years . Before the church officially rose, they were sending their priests to various battlefields in the continent and offering help to injured soldiers as well as affected commoners . This allowed the Radiant Church to accumulate universal praise from everyone . Some time after that, the nations in the continent started to trust the church with the responsibility of being in charge of the Human records . It was at that point that the Church started to revise the history books of the Human Race . Humans suppressing the various races was caused by this revisions by the church . In their edition of Human history, the other races of the continent were lesser beings, they made Humans feel disgust in interacting with these lesser races . ”

Everyone stared at Zhao Hai, they have not heard about this before .

Then Zhao Hai continued, “In the Radiant Church’s revision, the Dwarves, Beastmen, and Fishmen were lesser beings that were diseased and should not be mingled with . It was said that anybody that came in contact with these races for too





long would turn into the same lesser being . This made the Humans stray away from the other races . However, the Radiant Church came into a problem when it came to the Elves . The Elves were perfect in Human standards, there were no negative things to pin on them . Therefore, the Radiant Church wrote that the Elves were historically high-quality slaves . In this way, the Humans would enslave the Elves, which in turn, made the Elves loathe the humans . And now, Great Elder, you actually believed such words from that organization . Hahahaha . This should be the funniest joke that I have ever heard . ”

When she heard Zhao Hai, the Great Elder’s expression suddenly changed . With a paled face, the Great Elder retorted, “This is only based on your own words, who knows if they are true or not . ”

Zhao Hai gave the Great Elder a cold look before saying, “The Great Elder still doesn’t believe me? Right, I forgot to ask, I believe Patriarch Billy had included the matter where I repaired their Divine Artifact in the letter that he sent . I can repair your Divine Artifact as well . The Artifact Spirit of the Dwarves already told us the reason why they fought with the Divine Race, this was not only because they want to enslave you, but it was also because the God that you worshipped is in opposition to the God that the Church idolized . For the Church to rule this continent, the God that needed to be worshipped should only be the Radiant God, not the individual Gods of the races . Once everyone believed in the Radiant God, the other Gods would lose spiritual support, which would allow the God of the Radiant Church to eliminate them . Oh Great Elder, trusting the Radiant Church is akin to trusting the Radiant god, this also meant that you are betraying your God of Life . I don’t know if the Great Elder is aware of this . ”

The Great Elder’s face turned dark when she heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t bear sitting still as she stood up and glared at Zhao Hai, “Nonsense! Complete nonsense! Do you really think that we’ll believe you just because you told us that you can fix our Divine Artifact? You’re completely talking nonsense!”

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder and coldly snorted, “I can fix your Divine Artifact . There’s no need to deceive you with this, just hand me your Divine Artifact and





and you’ll know then whether I can fix it or not . ”

With a berating tone, the Great Elder shouted, “And why would be hand our Divine Artifact over to you? Who knows, maybe you’ll steal our Divine Artifact away . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder’s reaction and became sure that the Great Elder was a chess piece that the Radiant Church had sent inside the Elven Race . Otherwise, she wouldn’t have these responses . He had always spoken with sincerity . If one weren’t a person of the Radiant Church, then they wouldn’t have reacted like this .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sneer at the Great Elder’s claims, “Great Elder, your accusations are not very pleasant to hear . Moreover, if I really intended to steal your Divine Artifact, then there’s no way for you to stop me . And there would be no need for me to do about it in a roundabout manner . ”

At this moment, the Prince who hadn’t spoke for quite some time, loudly said, “Complete nonsense! And for daring to snatch my Elven Race’s Divine Artifact, you deserve to die!” Then he stabbed his sword towards Zhao Hai .

Nobody thought that Gaye would act like this . After seeing Gaye’s action, the Queen immediately shouted, “Gaye, stop!” However, it was already too late, Gaye’s thorn sword was already close to reaching Zhao Hai .

One must know that Gaye was an Elven Great Warrior who was outstanding in both the harp and the sword . There was no need to mention about his strength, Gaye was a talented Elf, being peak 8th rank strength despite being relatively young . In addition to the emphasis of speed in Elven sword techniques, Gaye’s attack was no less than a sneak attack . Gaye wasn’t far from Zhao Hai, so a short time after his words just fell, his sword was already at Zhao Hai’s throat .

Billy’s face changed completely, although he was near Zhao Hai, he still couldn’t block Gaye because of his lack of weapon . But even so, Billy still roared as he aimed his fist towards Gaye’s head . He wanted Gaye to abandon his sword strike in order to dodge the punch . [1]

However, it seems like Billy had underestimated Gaye’s strength . Gaye’s sword was extremely quick, so he didn’t care about Billy’s punch since he knew that he could still dodge the punch right after he killed Zhao Hai .

But at the same time, Gaye also had underestimated Zhao Hai’s strength .





strength . While the sword was heading towards his throat, Zhao Hai didn’t even move an inch . Instead, he looked at Gaye with a contemptuous gaze . Gaye felt that something was wrong when he saw this gaze, but it was already too late to retract his attack . Gaye hardened his resolve as he accelerated his stab towards Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai didn’t make a move as Gaye’s sword reached his sword . Upon seeing that the sword was about to puncture through the other party’s throat, Gaye revealed an elated expression . He thought that Zhao Hai was dead . But it didn’t take a long time before Gaye noticed that there was no stabbing feeling on his sword . Instead, he heard a ‘ding’ sound before his sword stopped moving further .

Gaye stared, then he saw that Zhao Hai’s throat had turned into a crystal . While Gaye was in a daze, Zhao Hai had grasped his sword, which turned it into a crystal as well . Then when the sword crystallized, Zhao Hai made a small twist, shattering the blade into pieces .

Gaye was startled, he immediately loosened his grip on the sword as he used his toes to propel him backwards, dodging Billy’s punch as well . Then he returned to his chair as he grasped hold of his harp .

But at this moment, Zhao Hai made a move . He appeared in front of Gaye and grasped his neck . He raised Gaye with only one arm as he coldly looked at him and said, “You want to kill me? Is it because I have spoken the truth?”

Gaye’s throat was seized by Zhao Hai, making it hard for him to breath as his face turned red . He looked frightened at Zhao Hai . He didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be this strong . Moreover, he had expected that Zhao Hai was a Mage, he didn’t imagine that Zhao Hai was also a very formidable Warrior .

At this time, the Great Elder and the Queen responded . The Great Elder angrily shouted as she wielded her Magic staff and began casting a spell at Zhao Hai . Then Zhao Hai coldly snorted as an incredible pressure began to burst out from his body . Although Zhao Hai cannot use his God-rank strength, his 9th rank power was still something that the Great Elder couldn’t endure . This was when the Great Elder discovered that Zhao Hai was actually a 9th rank

a 9th rank expert .

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder with a cold gaze, “Great Elder, I’m afraid that the situation isn’t as simple as you being approached by the Radiant Church . I think you are a person of the Radiant Church itself . ”

The Great Elder’s face was struggling right now, it seems like she was holding on with all she had, “You talk nonsense . Don’t think that since you are a 9th rank expert, you can tell anything you want . Don’t think that my Elven Race doesn’t have a 9th rank expert as well . ”

Zhao Hai actually smiled faintly and said, “Elf friend, you had been observing for quite some time . Why don’t you come out and see me . ”

Then just as Zhao Hai’s voice fell, an old sigh was heard, “My Elven race has truly been unfortunate, we’ve made a joke out of ourselves in front of Mister . I’ll be honest to Mister, I had also just recently discovered that she is actually a person from the Radiant Church . Mister, rest assured, I already snatched her letter for the Radiant Church . I just wanted to see what moves they’ll do next . I just didn’t think that she would betray her own race . Sigh, this is really a huge misfortune to my Elf Race . ”

Along with this sound, an old Elf walked into the hall . After this Elf appeared, every single Elf in the room stood up and bowed to the Old Elf, “We have seen the Supreme Elder . ” [2]

The Old Elf nodded and the turned to Zhao Hai, “Mister, I ask you to please put him down . We will surely provide you with a satisfactory response . ”

Zhao Hai loosened his grip on Gaye, then he turned to the Old Elf and bowed, “The Supreme Elder is too polite . This is an internal matter of the Elves, and since I’m a Human, then I will surely hand this matter over to you . I just came here to offer an alliance . How about we resume this matter tomorrow?”

The Old Elf returned the bow and said, “We apologize to Mister . Then, Mister, please . ” Zhao Hai and Billy gave a salute to the Old Elf before they both left the hall .

And since Billy is a Dwarf, it could be described as an uppercut . xD Like any other elder, but her/his robe just had the Supreme logo in it xD  Chapter 658 Rebels The Great Elder couldn t help but stare when she heard Zhao Hai . Although they have their own records, the Elves history only recorded how the Humans have suppressed them, it didn t record the reason why . Because of this, the Elves had always blamed their suppression and enslavement to the greed of Humans . Now that Zhao Hai expressed this matter, things suddenly seemed to be not so simple . The Great Elder looked at Zhao Hai and said, And do you know who did it Zhao Hai nodded and said, Yes, I do . The Humans aren t like the Elves or the Dwarves who always had peace with each other . Due to the ambitions of the Humans, they weren t able to unite internally and even had multiple cases of war . This made it hard to preserve Human history and extremely easy for someone to slip in some revisions . And there is an organization that can easily do it in the past, and it was the Radiant Church . It was not only the Elves who were startled with Zhao Hai s words, Billy was the same . All of them stared at Zhao Hai, waiting for him to back his own words . Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said, The Radiant Church had existed way before all of us thought . They were just being extremely low key, only becoming slowly formidable in the recent several hundred years . Before the church officially rose, they were sending their priests to various battlefields in the continent and offering help to injured soldiers as well as affected commoners . This allowed the Radiant Church to accumulate universal praise from everyone . Some time after that, the nations in the continent started to trust the church with the responsibility of being in charge of the Human records . It was at that point that the Church started to revise the history books of the Human Race . Humans suppressing the various races was caused by this revisions by the church . In their edition of Human history, the other races of the continent were lesser beings, they made Humans feel disgust in interacting with these lesser races . Everyone stared at Zhao Hai, they have not heard about this before . Then Zhao Hai continued, In the Radiant Church s revision, the Dwarves, Beastmen, and Fishmen were lesser beings that were diseased and should not be mingled with . It was said that anybody that came in contact with these races for too long would turn into the same lesser being . This made the Humans stray away from the other races . However, the Radiant Church came into a problem when it came to the Elves . The Elves were perfect in Human standards, there were no negative things to pin on them . Therefore, the Radiant Church wrote that the Elves were historically high quality slaves . In this way, the Humans would enslave the Elves, which in turn, made the Elves loathe the humans . And now, Great Elder, you actually believed such words from that organization . Hahahaha . This should be the funniest joke that I have ever heard . When she heard Zhao Hai, the Great Elder s expression suddenly changed . With a paled face, the Great Elder retorted, This is only based on your own words, who knows if they are true or not . Zhao Hai gave the Great Elder a cold look before saying, The Great Elder still doesn t believe me Right, I forgot to ask, I believe Patriarch Billy had included the matter where I repaired their Divine Artifact in the letter that he sent . I can repair your Divine Artifact as well . The Artifact Spirit of the Dwarves already told us the reason why they fought with the Divine Race, this was not only because they want to enslave you, but it was also because the God that you worshipped is in opposition to the God that the Church idolized . For the Church to rule this continent, the God that needed to be worshipped should only be the Radiant God, not the individual Gods of the races . Once everyone believed in the Radiant God, the other Gods would lose spiritual support, which would allow the God of the Radiant Church to eliminate them . Oh Great Elder, trusting the Radiant Church is akin to trusting the Radiant god, this also meant that you are betraying your God of Life . I don t know if the Great Elder is aware of this . The Great Elder s face turned dark when she heard Zhao Hai, she couldn t bear sitting still as she stood up and glared at Zhao Hai, Nonsense Complete nonsense Do you really think that we ll believe you just because you told us that you can fix our Divine Artifact You re completely talking nonsense Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder and coldly snorted, I can fix your Divine Artifact . There s no need to deceive you with this, just hand me your Divine Artifact and you ll know then whether I can fix it or not . With a berating tone, the Great Elder shouted, And why would be hand our Divine Artifact over to you Who knows, maybe you ll steal our Divine Artifact away . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder s reaction and became sure that the Great Elder was a chess piece that the Radiant Church had sent inside the Elven Race . Otherwise, she wouldn t have these responses . He had always spoken with sincerity . If one weren t a person of the Radiant Church, then they wouldn t have reacted like this . Zhao Hai couldn t help but sneer at the Great Elder s claims, Great Elder, your accusations are not very pleasant to hear . Moreover, if I really intended to steal your Divine Artifact, then there s no way for you to stop me . And there would be no need for me to do about it in a roundabout manner . At this moment, the Prince who hadn t spoke for quite some time, loudly said, Complete nonsense And for daring to snatch my Elven Race s Divine Artifact, you deserve to die Then he stabbed his sword towards Zhao Hai . Nobody thought that Gaye would act like this . After seeing Gaye s action, the Queen immediately shouted, Gaye, stop However, it was already too late, Gaye s thorn sword was already close to reaching Zhao Hai . One must know that Gaye was an Elven Great Warrior who was outstanding in both the harp and the sword . There was no need to mention about his strength, Gaye was a talented Elf, being peak 8th rank strength despite being relatively young . In addition to the emphasis of speed in Elven sword techniques, Gaye s attack was no less than a sneak attack . Gaye wasn t far from Zhao Hai, so a short time after his words just fell, his sword was already at Zhao Hai s throat . Billy s face changed completely, although he was near Zhao Hai, he still couldn t block Gaye because of his lack of weapon . But even so, Billy still roared as he aimed his fist towards Gaye s head . He wanted Gaye to abandon his sword strike in order to dodge the punch . 1 However, it seems like Billy had underestimated Gaye s strength . Gaye s sword was extremely quick, so he didn t care about Billy s punch since he knew that he could still dodge the punch right after he killed Zhao Hai . But at the same time, Gaye also had underestimated Zhao Hai s strength . While the sword was heading towards his throat, Zhao Hai didn t even move an inch . Instead, he looked at Gaye with a contemptuous gaze . Gaye felt that something was wrong when he saw this gaze, but it was already too late to retract his attack . Gaye hardened his resolve as he accelerated his stab towards Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai didn t make a move as Gaye s sword reached his sword . Upon seeing that the sword was about to puncture through the other party s throat, Gaye revealed an elated expression . He thought that Zhao Hai was dead . But it didn t take a long time before Gaye noticed that there was no stabbing feeling on his sword . Instead, he heard a ding sound before his sword stopped moving further . Gaye stared, then he saw that Zhao Hai s throat had turned into a crystal . While Gaye was in a daze, Zhao Hai had grasped his sword, which turned it into a crystal as well . Then when the sword crystallized, Zhao Hai made a small twist, shattering the blade into pieces . Gaye was startled, he immediately loosened his grip on the sword as he used his toes to propel him backwards, dodging Billy s punch as well . Then he returned to his chair as he grasped hold of his harp . But at this moment, Zhao Hai made a move . He appeared in front of Gaye and grasped his neck . He raised Gaye with only one arm as he coldly looked at him and said, You want to kill me Is it because I have spoken the truth Gaye s throat was seized by Zhao Hai, making it hard for him to breath as his face turned red . He looked frightened at Zhao Hai . He didn t think that Zhao Hai would be this strong . Moreover, he had expected that Zhao Hai was a Mage, he didn t imagine that Zhao Hai was also a very formidable Warrior . At this time, the Great Elder and the Queen responded . The Great Elder angrily shouted as she wielded her Magic staff and began casting a spell at Zhao Hai . Then Zhao Hai coldly snorted as an incredible pressure began to burst out from his body . Although Zhao Hai cannot use his God rank strength, his 9th rank power was still something that the Great Elder couldn t endure . This was when the Great Elder discovered that Zhao Hai was actually a 9th rank expert . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Elder with a cold gaze, Great Elder, I m afraid that the situation isn t as simple as you being approached by the Radiant Church . I think you are a person of the Radiant Church itself . The Great Elder s face was struggling right now, it seems like she was holding on with all she had, You talk nonsense . Don t think that since you are a 9th rank expert, you can tell anything you want . Don t think that my Elven Race doesn t have a 9th rank expert as well . Zhao Hai actually smiled faintly and said, Elf friend, you had been observing for quite some time . Why don t you come out and see me . Then just as Zhao Hai s voice fell, an old sigh was heard, My Elven race has truly been unfortunate, we ve made a joke out of ourselves in front of Mister . I ll be honest to Mister, I had also just recently discovered that she is actually a person from the Radiant Church . Mister, rest assured, I already snatched her letter for the Radiant Church . I just wanted to see what moves they ll do next . I just didn t think that she would betray her own race . Sigh, this is really a huge misfortune to my Elf Race . Along with this sound, an old Elf walked into the hall . After this Elf appeared, every single Elf in the room stood up and bowed to the Old Elf, We have seen the Supreme Elder . 2 The Old Elf nodded and the turned to Zhao Hai, Mister, I ask you to please put him down . We will surely provide you with a satisfactory response . Zhao Hai loosened his grip on Gaye, then he turned to the Old Elf and bowed, The Supreme Elder is too polite . This is an internal matter of the Elves, and since I m a Human, then I will surely hand this matter over to you . I just came here to offer an alliance . How about we resume this matter tomorrow The Old Elf returned the bow and said, We apologize to Mister . Then, Mister, please . Zhao Hai and Billy gave a salute to the Old Elf before they both left the hall . And since Billy is a Dwarf, it could be described as an uppercut . xD Like any other elder, but her his robe just had the Supreme logo in it xD





* * *





Chapter 659 – Supreme Elder

After seeing that Billy and Zhao Hai had left the hall, the Old Elf then turned to the Great Elder and Gaye before he lightly sighed and said, “Ever since we received Patriarch Billy’s first letter, I had always been paying attention to the entire Tree of Life . Since I don’t want things to be known to the Radiant Church and don’t want to hinder our chances in dealing with the Divine Race, I have intercepted every letter that came out . ”

The Great Elder’s face couldn’t help but get pale when she heard the Supreme Elder . Gaye’s face was quite ugly as well, this was because they had indeed been sending letters to the Radiant Church all this time .

The Supreme Elder looked at the Great Elder and Gaye, “Although I always thought that doing this was nonsense, our records pertaining to the Divine Race was indeed too terrible, so I still made an effort . However, I just didn’t expect to find those letters addressed to the Radiant Church . And even if they were encrypted, I can still make sense of some of those words . I didn’t think that there would be traitors in my own race . ”

Then the Supreme Elder stared coldly at the Great Elder, “So what made you betray your own race, your own beliefs? Tell me . ”

The Great Elder looked at the Supreme Elder, her eyes flashed with fear . However, this fear was immediately replaced by fanaticism, she loudly declared, “The God’s will is everywhere, and you all should surrender to the Radiant God . It is your privilege to serve under him . God is omnipotent, God is all powerful . God will lead us to the shining light!”

The Supreme Elder looked at the Great Elder’s expression and his face sank . Then a ray of light came out of the hands of the Supreme Elder and entered the Great Elder’s body . The Great Elder pitifully groaned out before her body collapsed on the floor .

Then the Supreme Elder turned his head to Gaye and did the same thing, Gaye cried out before collapsing . Then the Supreme Elder turned his head to the Queen and said, “I have crippled their cultivation, take them away . ” The Queen nodded, then she immediately had





people drag the bodies of the Great Elder and Gaye away .

At this time, everyone in the hall was paying attention to the Supreme Elder . Similarly, the Supreme Elder scanned the hall and then said, “Our race’s history is divided into two parts; one part is accessible to everyone while the other can only be read by our race’s 9th rank experts . In the records, the Ark Continent had been subjected into a war against the Divine Race . Our Elven race is a main force during that war, the Dwarves and the Beastmen were main components as well . There was also the Mermaid Clan and some Human 9th ranks that joined . However, a lot of the Human 9th ranks were also on the side of the Divine Race along with the Dragon Race . The war was incredibly fierce, and in the end, the Elves, Dwarves, and Beastman’s Divine Artifacts managed to wound the God-ranked expert, driving him back to the Divine Realm . In that fight the Divine Artifacts of the three races were seriously damaged . The Beastman Race’s Beast God Spear was heavily injured, the Dwarven Race’s Iron Hammer was similarly wounded, only our Elven Race’s Bow sustained light injuries . At one time, the Elven Bow’s Artifact Spirit managed to materialize for a short time, informing our ancestors about the war with the Divine Race . After that, the Artifact Spirit fell into a deep slumber . ”

The Elves in the hall were very silent as they listened to the Supreme Elder . They were completely unaware that there was another part in their race’s history .

The Supreme Elder looked at the people present and said, “Just like what Mister Zhao Hai said, the Radiant Church’s God in the Divine Realm is in a hostile relationship with our own God . This made them send people to deal with us, and wanting to control the entire Ark Continent, enslaving all of the races in the process . They will treat us as livestock, and when our strengths reached a sufficient level, they would send us to the Divine Realm and join their army . Basically, the Divine Race wanted to turn the Ark Continent into a soldier producing factory . Because of this, the major races in the continent decided to resist





resist the Divine Race . Mister Zhao Hai did nothing wrong . And we will establish an alliance with him to deal with the incoming Divine Race . ”

No Elf in the hall dared to oppose, all of them simultaneously nodded . The Supreme Elder nodded and the turned his head to the Queen and said, “You have done well all these years . You shall go form an alliance with Mister Zhao Hai tomorrow . Mister Zhao Hai came here in person despite being a 9th rank expert himself, this is already giving us a huge face . Discuss this matter with him yourself . At the same time, deliver the Elven Bow to Mister Zhao Hai and ask him to help us fix it . If Mister can fix our Divine Artifact, then it would be good for our race . I suspect that there are more traitors within our race . When the Divine Artifact gets fixed, finding those rebels would be easy . ” Then the Supreme Elder scanned the hall as if looking for the traitors present .

The Elves in the hall felt their backs to be coldly sweating . Even if they haven’t betrayed their race, the Supreme Elder’s gaze alone made them feel guilty .

The Queen immediately nodded in reply . The Supreme Elder also gave her a nod before turning around to leave . After the Supreme Elder left, the Queen looked at the other Elves and said, “Alright, everyone can go back . Make sure to manage your subordinates well . This is a special period in our race . While the Divine Artifact is being fixed, nobody is allowed to leave the Tree of Life . ” The Elves nodded before they stood up and left the hall .

After the group left, the Queen found herself weak as she sat on her chair . She didn’t feel great at all . Of the two who were captured, one of them was her husband while the other was her mother-in-law .

At this time, Gellar walked in and went towards the Queen, “Mother, what just happened? Why were Nana and Father dragged away?”

The Queen looked at her and sighed . Then she told Gellar about everything that just happened . Gellar looked at the Queen, her expression





her expression as though she couldn’t believe it, “Mother, are you telling the truth? How could that be possible? Why would father betray our own race? Why would Nana side with the Radiant Church?”

The Queen shook her head and said, “I also don’t know . I have lived for many years with your father, but I still didn’t notice that he is a person of the Radiant Church . At the same time, your Nana has lived here for her entire lifetime yet nobody noticed that she was a traitor . If mister Zhao Hai didn’t come here, then we wouldn’t have known about it for a long time . ”

Gellar looked bewildered at the Queen, she didn’t know what to say . There was really no way to explain this matter . The Great Elder had lived with the Elves for her whole life, even to the point of being the Great Elder . She did her best for the betterment of the race and also hated the Humans to the bone . It was because of her qualities that she managed to attain her current position . But who would’ve thought that she would actually be a person of the Radiant Church .

The Queen looked at Gellar and sighed . It wasn’t only Gellar, the Queen couldn’t accept what happened as well . But since there were still matters that needed to be process, the Queen looked at Gellar and said, “Gellar, make sure to take care of Mister Zhao Hai’s group as much as possible . There shouldn’t be any mistakes . I shall deliver the Bow to Mister Zhao Hai tonight . At the same time, I shall also ask him why the Great Elder and Gaye would betray us . I think he knows the reason why . ”

When she heard the Queen’s instructions, Gellar immediately nodded, then she turned around to leave . In the Elven Race, the children were always more closer to their mothers . This was because the Elves were a matriarchal race . The key positions of the government were mostly handled by women . Because of this, Gellar didn’t have much of a connection to Gaye . But no matter what, Gaye was still Gellar’s father . This matter made Gellar sad, she didn’t understand why her father

why her father would do such a thing .

When Zhao Hai and Billy returned to the room that was arranged for them, Billy immediately looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, were the Great Elder and Gaye really sent by the Radiant Church?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Great Elder is for certain, however, Gaye might not be . Gaye is the Great Elder’s child, so it was possible that it was the Great Elder who educated him about this since childhood . Therefore, making Gaye exhibit such actions . The Great Elder was brainwashed by the Church while Gaye was brainwashed by the Great Elder . ”

Billy knit his brows and said, “Maniac, she’s really a maniac for doing this to her own child . ”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “This is in line with the Church’s philosophy . These people were avid devotees of the Church . For the Church, they would give up everything they have . ”

Billy frowned, “That 9th rank elder clearly saw Gaye attack you . So why didn’t he stop it? What happens if you weren’t a 9th rank expert?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I don’t exhibit my 9th rank aura, so that’s why you can’t notice it . However, other 9th ranks would surely be able to feel it, so he just let it be . I just didn’t expect the Supreme Elder to be so thorough . It was great that he had confiscated the Great Elder’s letter when he found out . Otherwise, our plans would’ve been in trouble . ”

Billy frowned and said, “Right, we were too careless this time . Fortunately, they did things very carefully . It would be terrible if our plans were to be known to the Radiant Church . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he sighed and said, “I thought that since the Elves have isolated themselves from the world, then the Radiant Church would not have the opportunity to get to them . We weren’t careful enough and underestimated the Church . The Radiant Church has been preparing their plans for countless years, their moves might always be out of our expectations . ”

Billy nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, is the story about the Church changing history true? Is that the reason why the Humans started to suppress the other races?”

 Chapter 659 Supreme Elder After seeing that Billy and Zhao Hai had left the hall, the Old Elf then turned to the Great Elder and Gaye before he lightly sighed and said, Ever since we received Patriarch Billy s first letter, I had always been paying attention to the entire Tree of Life . Since I don t want things to be known to the Radiant Church and don t want to hinder our chances in dealing with the Divine Race, I have intercepted every letter that came out . The Great Elder s face couldn t help but get pale when she heard the Supreme Elder . Gaye s face was quite ugly as well, this was because they had indeed been sending letters to the Radiant Church all this time . The Supreme Elder looked at the Great Elder and Gaye, Although I always thought that doing this was nonsense, our records pertaining to the Divine Race was indeed too terrible, so I still made an effort . However, I just didn t expect to find those letters addressed to the Radiant Church . And even if they were encrypted, I can still make sense of some of those words . I didn t think that there would be traitors in my own race . Then the Supreme Elder stared coldly at the Great Elder, So what made you betray your own race, your own beliefs Tell me . The Great Elder looked at the Supreme Elder, her eyes flashed with fear . However, this fear was immediately replaced by fanaticism, she loudly declared, The God s will is everywhere, and you all should surrender to the Radiant God . It is your privilege to serve under him . God is omnipotent, God is all powerful . God will lead us to the shining light The Supreme Elder looked at the Great Elder s expression and his face sank . Then a ray of light came out of the hands of the Supreme Elder and entered the Great Elder s body . The Great Elder pitifully groaned out before her body collapsed on the floor . Then the Supreme Elder turned his head to Gaye and did the same thing, Gaye cried out before collapsing . Then the Supreme Elder turned his head to the Queen and said, I have crippled their cultivation, take them away . The Queen nodded, then she immediately had people drag the bodies of the Great Elder and Gaye away . At this time, everyone in the hall was paying attention to the Supreme Elder . Similarly, the Supreme Elder scanned the hall and then said, Our race s history is divided into two parts one part is accessible to everyone while the other can only be read by our race s 9th rank experts . In the records, the Ark Continent had been subjected into a war against the Divine Race . Our Elven race is a main force during that war, the Dwarves and the Beastmen were main components as well . There was also the Mermaid Clan and some Human 9th ranks that joined . However, a lot of the Human 9th ranks were also on the side of the Divine Race along with the Dragon Race . The war was incredibly fierce, and in the end, the Elves, Dwarves, and Beastman s Divine Artifacts managed to wound the God ranked expert, driving him back to the Divine Realm . In that fight the Divine Artifacts of the three races were seriously damaged . The Beastman Race s Beast God Spear was heavily injured, the Dwarven Race s Iron Hammer was similarly wounded, only our Elven Race s Bow sustained light injuries . At one time, the Elven Bow s Artifact Spirit managed to materialize for a short time, informing our ancestors about the war with the Divine Race . After that, the Artifact Spirit fell into a deep slumber . The Elves in the hall were very silent as they listened to the Supreme Elder . They were completely unaware that there was another part in their race s history . The Supreme Elder looked at the people present and said, Just like what Mister Zhao Hai said, the Radiant Church s God in the Divine Realm is in a hostile relationship with our own God . This made them send people to deal with us, and wanting to control the entire Ark Continent, enslaving all of the races in the process . They will treat us as livestock, and when our strengths reached a sufficient level, they would send us to the Divine Realm and join their army . Basically, the Divine Race wanted to turn the Ark Continent into a soldier producing factory . Because of this, the major races in the continent decided to resist the Divine Race . Mister Zhao Hai did nothing wrong . And we will establish an alliance with him to deal with the incoming Divine Race . No Elf in the hall dared to oppose, all of them simultaneously nodded . The Supreme Elder nodded and the turned his head to the Queen and said, You have done well all these years . You shall go form an alliance with Mister Zhao Hai tomorrow . Mister Zhao Hai came here in person despite being a 9th rank expert himself, this is already giving us a huge face . Discuss this matter with him yourself . At the same time, deliver the Elven Bow to Mister Zhao Hai and ask him to help us fix it . If Mister can fix our Divine Artifact, then it would be good for our race . I suspect that there are more traitors within our race . When the Divine Artifact gets fixed, finding those rebels would be easy . Then the Supreme Elder scanned the hall as if looking for the traitors present . The Elves in the hall felt their backs to be coldly sweating . Even if they haven t betrayed their race, the Supreme Elder s gaze alone made them feel guilty . The Queen immediately nodded in reply . The Supreme Elder also gave her a nod before turning around to leave . After the Supreme Elder left, the Queen looked at the other Elves and said, Alright, everyone can go back . Make sure to manage your subordinates well . This is a special period in our race . While the Divine Artifact is being fixed, nobody is allowed to leave the Tree of Life . The Elves nodded before they stood up and left the hall . After the group left, the Queen found herself weak as she sat on her chair . She didn t feel great at all . Of the two who were captured, one of them was her husband while the other was her mother in law . At this time, Gellar walked in and went towards the Queen, Mother, what just happened Why were Nana and Father dragged away The Queen looked at her and sighed . Then she told Gellar about everything that just happened . Gellar looked at the Queen, her expression as though she couldn t believe it, Mother, are you telling the truth How could that be possible Why would father betray our own race Why would Nana side with the Radiant Church The Queen shook her head and said, I also don t know . I have lived for many years with your father, but I still didn t notice that he is a person of the Radiant Church . At the same time, your Nana has lived here for her entire lifetime yet nobody noticed that she was a traitor . If mister Zhao Hai didn t come here, then we wouldn t have known about it for a long time . Gellar looked bewildered at the Queen, she didn t know what to say . There was really no way to explain this matter . The Great Elder had lived with the Elves for her whole life, even to the point of being the Great Elder . She did her best for the betterment of the race and also hated the Humans to the bone . It was because of her qualities that she managed to attain her current position . But who would ve thought that she would actually be a person of the Radiant Church . The Queen looked at Gellar and sighed . It wasn t only Gellar, the Queen couldn t accept what happened as well . But since there were still matters that needed to be process, the Queen looked at Gellar and said, Gellar, make sure to take care of Mister Zhao Hai s group as much as possible . There shouldn t be any mistakes . I shall deliver the Bow to Mister Zhao Hai tonight . At the same time, I shall also ask him why the Great Elder and Gaye would betray us . I think he knows the reason why . When she heard the Queen s instructions, Gellar immediately nodded, then she turned around to leave . In the Elven Race, the children were always more closer to their mothers . This was because the Elves were a matriarchal race . The key positions of the government were mostly handled by women . Because of this, Gellar didn t have much of a connection to Gaye . But no matter what, Gaye was still Gellar s father . This matter made Gellar sad, she didn t understand why her father would do such a thing . When Zhao Hai and Billy returned to the room that was arranged for them, Billy immediately looked at Zhao Hai and said, Little Hai, were the Great Elder and Gaye really sent by the Radiant Church Zhao Hai nodded and said, The Great Elder is for certain, however, Gaye might not be . Gaye is the Great Elder s child, so it was possible that it was the Great Elder who educated him about this since childhood . Therefore, making Gaye exhibit such actions . The Great Elder was brainwashed by the Church while Gaye was brainwashed by the Great Elder . Billy knit his brows and said, Maniac, she s really a maniac for doing this to her own child . Zhao Hai sighed and said, This is in line with the Church s philosophy . These people were avid devotees of the Church . For the Church, they would give up everything they have . Billy frowned, That 9th rank elder clearly saw Gaye attack you . So why didn t he stop it What happens if you weren t a 9th rank expert Zhao Hai smiled and said, I don t exhibit my 9th rank aura, so that s why you can t notice it . However, other 9th ranks would surely be able to feel it, so he just let it be . I just didn t expect the Supreme Elder to be so thorough . It was great that he had confiscated the Great Elder s letter when he found out . Otherwise, our plans would ve been in trouble . Billy frowned and said, Right, we were too careless this time . Fortunately, they did things very carefully . It would be terrible if our plans were to be known to the Radiant Church . Zhao Hai nodded, then he sighed and said, I thought that since the Elves have isolated themselves from the world, then the Radiant Church would not have the opportunity to get to them . We weren t careful enough and underestimated the Church . The Radiant Church has been preparing their plans for countless years, their moves might always be out of our expectations . Billy nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, Little Hai, is the story about the Church changing history true Is that the reason why the Humans started to suppress the other races





* * *





Chapter 660 – Fixing the Elven Bow

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also wasn’t aware of this matter before . But when I went to the Fishmen, I discovered that their history was much more complete . It was them who told me about this matter . ”

Billy’s expression calmed down as he said, “Radiant Church, truly vicious beings . Up until now, we still haven’t understood why the Humans have suppressed us . As it turns out, it was the Radiant Church’s plan all along . We must completely destroy them, all of them!”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Patriarch, don’t worry, we will surely have the opportunity to do that, we certainly will . Sooner or later, we will come in contact with the Church, at that time, we will deal with them ourselves . ”

Billy coldly snorted, he knew that he couldn’t be anxious about this . In any case, there would be an opportunity in the future . Zhao Hai looked at Billy and said, “Patriarch, what do you think would happen to the Great Elder and Gaye?”

Billy snorted and said, “They shouldn’t be let off easily . Except for the Humans, other races treat treason as a major crime . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh . What Billy said was true, whether it be Dwarves or Beastmen, or even the proud Elves punish rebels quite severely . This was something that differed from the Humans . In the continent, there were many Human Empires . And the Humans on those Empires had more sense of belonging to their own Empire compared to the entire Human Race .

At this time, Gellar arrived . Zhao Hai and Billy discovered that Gellar’s expression wasn’t the best, but they didn’t say anything about it . Gellar accompanied the people who delivered them some food to eat . Elven diet was quite peculiar, they mostly don’t eat meat, giving priority to consuming fruits and vegetables . Therefore, there were a lot of fruits and vegetables in the food that was presented to Billy and Zhao Hai . There was a staple food that seemed to taste like the bread fruit, but it didn’t have a hard outer shell, and it was also shaped like a horn .

Zhao Hai wasn’t disgusted by the food, but Billy was different . The Dwarves liked to eat meat, so when he saw





the spread on the table, he couldn’t help but lose appetite .

After the food was set on the table, Gellar gave Billy and Zhao Hai a bow and said, “Please enjoy our food . If you need anything, just shake the bell on the table and someone will come and listen to your requests . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Thank you, Miss Gellar . The food looks delicious . ”

Gellar gave another bow and then seemed to have some words that she wanted to say . But in the end, she didn’t say it and just turned around to leave . Zhao Hai noticed her hesitation so he smiled faintly and said, “Miss Gellar, wait . Do you have anything you want to say? Please, don’t hesitate to tell us . ”

When Gellar heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but stop . She turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I just want to ask, why did the Great Elder and the Prince betray the Elf Race?”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that Gellar would ask this question . He looked at Gellar and asked, “Why would Miss Gellar ask about this matter? What relationship does the Great Elder and the Prince have with you?”

Gellar’s face paled slightly as she answered, “The Great Elder is my Grandmother while the Prince is my Father . If mister Zhao Hai knows the reason, please do tell me . ”

Zhao Hai and Billy stared, they didn’t expect that the person in front of them was an Elven Princess . While looking at Gellar, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sympathize with her, he sighed and said, “I have a guess, but it doesn’t mean that it’s true . It is highly possible that the Great Elder was a spy that was sent by the Radiant Church a long time ago . ”

Gellar was confused at what Zhao Hai said, this was because Zhao Hai said that the Great Elder was sent by the Radiant Church . This was completely different from the Great Elder betraying the Elven Race .

Zhao Hai looked at Gellar and continued, “There has been a long standing plan of the Church to abduct the children of major races and brainwash them, making loyal believers of the Radiant God . They will transform those children into people who would give everything for the Church’s deity . After brainwashing those children, they would then send





send them back to their races, effectively infiltrating the races . I have come across a similar situation back in the Beastman Prairie . Therefore, I thought of the possibility of the Great Elder being one of these abducted children . As for Gaye, he is the son of the Great Elder, so it is possible that he was educated by the Great Elder from a very young age . But all of these are my guesses, I cannot assure you that it is real . ”

Gellar’s face was quite pale while listening to Zhao Hai, she looked at the other party and said, “So Mister means that the Great Elder was taken away by the Radiant Church when she was young, then they sent her back after brainwashing . All of this just to deal with the Elven Race? However, why does the Great Elder seem extremely passionate in serving our race?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s nothing wrong about that . Since your race is extremely sealed off, there was no opportunity to send information back to the Radiant Church . Therefore, she did the other method, work hard and gain a high rank . After that, she would then get access to the core of the race and get more secrets to send in an opportune time . ”

Gellar and Billy nodded, this was a highly probable case . The Great Elder was in a position above tens of thousands of Elves . If she wasn’t discovered by the Supreme Elder, then the alliance would have failed . This was something that made spies extremely scary .

Gellar bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “I thank mister for dispelling my doubts . Then I wouldn’t be disturbing Mister’s meal any longer . ” Then she bowed towards Billy before turning around to leave .

After Gellar left Zhao Hai’s place, she immediately looked for the Queen . Then she told the Queen about what Zhao Hai had told her . After listening, the Queen immediately thought that this wasn’t a simple matter . So she immediately went to the Supreme Elder and told him .

After telling this to the Supreme Elder, the Supreme Elder’s expression turned cold, then he turned to the Queen and said, “What do you plan to do next?”

The Queen replied, “I suspect that there are more spies aside from the Great Elder . The Great Elder had been





had been in her position for many years, and she had also gained a lot of loyal followers that we need to deal with . I plan to send the Divine Artifact to Patriarch Zhao Hai today . If Patriarch Zhao Hai can really fix the Elven Bow, then the matter would be taken cared of easily . If he can’t, then I’ll have to ask the Supreme Elder to act . We must thoroughly check every Elf inside the tree . ”

The Supreme Elder nodded, “This is truly a matter that needs to be looked at . The Radiant Church’s spies in our race need to be completely weeded out . Your Majesty, we should establish our alliance with Mister Zhao Hai as soon as possible . There are only benefits that we can get out of it . At the same time, have the Elves stop making artworks and have them make more weapons . In the fight against the Divine Race, artworks wouldn’t be very useful . ”

The Queen nodded, then she turned around to leave . The Supreme Elder sighed, he was worried about the future of the continent . The Divine Race has been preparing for tens of thousands of years . Their strike should be as swift as a thunderbolt, will the Continent be prepared for it?

Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking about any of these right now . At this point, he was already finishing up the food along with Billy . To be honest, these Elven fruits and vegetables weren’t completely unpalatable . However, they weren’t very good as well, they were too bland . With no seasoning, there wasn’t any taste to be amazed about .

On the other hand, the wine that the Eles made were very good . While the two were sitting and chatting, an announcement was suddenly heard, “Her Majesty has arrived!”

Zhao Hai and Billy stared, but they immediately stood up . At this time, the Elf Queen had her men open the door before she walked in .

The two immediately gave the Queen a salute, then the Queen returned the gesture and said, “Patriarchs, please sit down . I’m here to ask Mister Zhao Hai for help . ” Then she waved her hand as Gellar brought a longbow in .

This longbow was green, and seemed to be made out of a kind of crystal . It had a

It had a vine twining on its body and a single leaf on its top . On the other hand, the bowstring was something that Zhao Hai couldn’t identify . It was not thick, and was even fairly transparent . If one wasn’t paying attention, then they wouldn’t notice its existence .

The Queen extended both of her hands and received the bow, then she lifted it towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this is our Elven Race’s Divine Artifact . We ask Mister to try and fix it . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I will certainly offer my help . I ask Your Majesty to rest assured . However, it would require an evening’s time . By tomorrow, Your Majesty would be able to know if I was able to fix it or not . I also hope that Your Majesty sends word that nobody is to disturb me tonight . ”

Naturally, there was no need for the Queen to decline . So she immediately replied, “Mister, don’t worry . I will have people assigned to keep the surroundings peaceful . Patriarch Billy, I have arranged a separate room for you . What do you think?”

Billy understood what the Queen meant, she was afraid that Billy would disturb Zhao Hai . This was a natural worry, so Billy nodded and said, “I understand, then I shall take my leave . ” The Queen expressed her gratitude to Billy before she lead the Dwarf Patriarch out of the room, leaving Zhao Hai along inside .

Zhao Hai didn’t immediately head to the Space, he just sat there and carefully examined the Elven Bow . The bow arm was made out of a kind of crystal, and it was evidently quite tough . On the other hand, the bowstring was not only hard to pull, it was also quite sharp to touch . It seems like if one wanted to use this bow, special techniques would need to be learned first .

After examining for some time and finding out nothing, Zhao Hai then took the Elven bow to the Space . The moment he entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Damaged item detected, proceeding to repair it . Repair has been completed . Subduing the spirit . Unique Crystal has been discovered . Extracting the crystals properties . Improving the host’s crystallization technique . ”

 Chapter 660 Fixing the Elven Bow Zhao Hai nodded and said, I also wasn t aware of this matter before . But when I went to the Fishmen, I discovered that their history was much more complete . It was them who told me about this matter . Billy s expression calmed down as he said, Radiant Church, truly vicious beings . Up until now, we still haven t understood why the Humans have suppressed us . As it turns out, it was the Radiant Church s plan all along . We must completely destroy them, all of them Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Patriarch, don t worry, we will surely have the opportunity to do that, we certainly will . Sooner or later, we will come in contact with the Church, at that time, we will deal with them ourselves . Billy coldly snorted, he knew that he couldn t be anxious about this . In any case, there would be an opportunity in the future . Zhao Hai looked at Billy and said, Patriarch, what do you think would happen to the Great Elder and Gaye Billy snorted and said, They shouldn t be let off easily . Except for the Humans, other races treat treason as a major crime . Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh . What Billy said was true, whether it be Dwarves or Beastmen, or even the proud Elves punish rebels quite severely . This was something that differed from the Humans . In the continent, there were many Human Empires . And the Humans on those Empires had more sense of belonging to their own Empire compared to the entire Human Race . At this time, Gellar arrived . Zhao Hai and Billy discovered that Gellar s expression wasn t the best, but they didn t say anything about it . Gellar accompanied the people who delivered them some food to eat . Elven diet was quite peculiar, they mostly don t eat meat, giving priority to consuming fruits and vegetables . Therefore, there were a lot of fruits and vegetables in the food that was presented to Billy and Zhao Hai . There was a staple food that seemed to taste like the bread fruit, but it didn t have a hard outer shell, and it was also shaped like a horn . Zhao Hai wasn t disgusted by the food, but Billy was different . The Dwarves liked to eat meat, so when he saw the spread on the table, he couldn t help but lose appetite . After the food was set on the table, Gellar gave Billy and Zhao Hai a bow and said, Please enjoy our food . If you need anything, just shake the bell on the table and someone will come and listen to your requests . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Thank you, Miss Gellar . The food looks delicious . Gellar gave another bow and then seemed to have some words that she wanted to say . But in the end, she didn t say it and just turned around to leave . Zhao Hai noticed her hesitation so he smiled faintly and said, Miss Gellar, wait . Do you have anything you want to say Please, don t hesitate to tell us . When Gellar heard Zhao Hai, she couldn t help but stop . She turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, Mister, I just want to ask, why did the Great Elder and the Prince betray the Elf Race Zhao Hai stared, he didn t think that Gellar would ask this question . He looked at Gellar and asked, Why would Miss Gellar ask about this matter What relationship does the Great Elder and the Prince have with you Gellar s face paled slightly as she answered, The Great Elder is my Grandmother while the Prince is my Father . If mister Zhao Hai knows the reason, please do tell me . Zhao Hai and Billy stared, they didn t expect that the person in front of them was an Elven Princess . While looking at Gellar, Zhao Hai couldn t help but sympathize with her, he sighed and said, I have a guess, but it doesn t mean that it s true . It is highly possible that the Great Elder was a spy that was sent by the Radiant Church a long time ago . Gellar was confused at what Zhao Hai said, this was because Zhao Hai said that the Great Elder was sent by the Radiant Church . This was completely different from the Great Elder betraying the Elven Race . Zhao Hai looked at Gellar and continued, There has been a long standing plan of the Church to abduct the children of major races and brainwash them, making loyal believers of the Radiant God . They will transform those children into people who would give everything for the Church s deity . After brainwashing those children, they would then send them back to their races, effectively infiltrating the races . I have come across a similar situation back in the Beastman Prairie . Therefore, I thought of the possibility of the Great Elder being one of these abducted children . As for Gaye, he is the son of the Great Elder, so it is possible that he was educated by the Great Elder from a very young age . But all of these are my guesses, I cannot assure you that it is real . Gellar s face was quite pale while listening to Zhao Hai, she looked at the other party and said, So Mister means that the Great Elder was taken away by the Radiant Church when she was young, then they sent her back after brainwashing . All of this just to deal with the Elven Race However, why does the Great Elder seem extremely passionate in serving our race Zhao Hai smiled and said, There s nothing wrong about that . Since your race is extremely sealed off, there was no opportunity to send information back to the Radiant Church . Therefore, she did the other method, work hard and gain a high rank . After that, she would then get access to the core of the race and get more secrets to send in an opportune time . Gellar and Billy nodded, this was a highly probable case . The Great Elder was in a position above tens of thousands of Elves . If she wasn t discovered by the Supreme Elder, then the alliance would have failed . This was something that made spies extremely scary . Gellar bowed to Zhao Hai and said, I thank mister for dispelling my doubts . Then I wouldn t be disturbing Mister s meal any longer . Then she bowed towards Billy before turning around to leave . After Gellar left Zhao Hai s place, she immediately looked for the Queen . Then she told the Queen about what Zhao Hai had told her . After listening, the Queen immediately thought that this wasn t a simple matter . So she immediately went to the Supreme Elder and told him . After telling this to the Supreme Elder, the Supreme Elder s expression turned cold, then he turned to the Queen and said, What do you plan to do next The Queen replied, I suspect that there are more spies aside from the Great Elder . The Great Elder had been in her position for many years, and she had also gained a lot of loyal followers that we need to deal with . I plan to send the Divine Artifact to Patriarch Zhao Hai today . If Patriarch Zhao Hai can really fix the Elven Bow, then the matter would be taken cared of easily . If he can t, then I ll have to ask the Supreme Elder to act . We must thoroughly check every Elf inside the tree . The Supreme Elder nodded, This is truly a matter that needs to be looked at . The Radiant Church s spies in our race need to be completely weeded out . Your Majesty, we should establish our alliance with Mister Zhao Hai as soon as possible . There are only benefits that we can get out of it . At the same time, have the Elves stop making artworks and have them make more weapons . In the fight against the Divine Race, artworks wouldn t be very useful . The Queen nodded, then she turned around to leave . The Supreme Elder sighed, he was worried about the future of the continent . The Divine Race has been preparing for tens of thousands of years . Their strike should be as swift as a thunderbolt, will the Continent be prepared for it Zhao Hai wasn t thinking about any of these right now . At this point, he was already finishing up the food along with Billy . To be honest, these Elven fruits and vegetables weren t completely unpalatable . However, they weren t very good as well, they were too bland . With no seasoning, there wasn t any taste to be amazed about . On the other hand, the wine that the Eles made were very good . While the two were sitting and chatting, an announcement was suddenly heard, Her Majesty has arrived Zhao Hai and Billy stared, but they immediately stood up . At this time, the Elf Queen had her men open the door before she walked in . The two immediately gave the Queen a salute, then the Queen returned the gesture and said, Patriarchs, please sit down . I m here to ask Mister Zhao Hai for help . Then she waved her hand as Gellar brought a longbow in . This longbow was green, and seemed to be made out of a kind of crystal . It had a vine twining on its body and a single leaf on its top . On the other hand, the bowstring was something that Zhao Hai couldn t identify . It was not thick, and was even fairly transparent . If one wasn t paying attention, then they wouldn t notice its existence . The Queen extended both of her hands and received the bow, then she lifted it towards Zhao Hai and said, Mister, this is our Elven Race s Divine Artifact . We ask Mister to try and fix it . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I will certainly offer my help . I ask Your Majesty to rest assured . However, it would require an evening s time . By tomorrow, Your Majesty would be able to know if I was able to fix it or not . I also hope that Your Majesty sends word that nobody is to disturb me tonight . Naturally, there was no need for the Queen to decline . So she immediately replied, Mister, don t worry . I will have people assigned to keep the surroundings peaceful . Patriarch Billy, I have arranged a separate room for you . What do you think Billy understood what the Queen meant, she was afraid that Billy would disturb Zhao Hai . This was a natural worry, so Billy nodded and said, I understand, then I shall take my leave . The Queen expressed her gratitude to Billy before she lead the Dwarf Patriarch out of the room, leaving Zhao Hai along inside . Zhao Hai didn t immediately head to the Space, he just sat there and carefully examined the Elven Bow . The bow arm was made out of a kind of crystal, and it was evidently quite tough . On the other hand, the bowstring was not only hard to pull, it was also quite sharp to touch . It seems like if one wanted to use this bow, special techniques would need to be learned first . After examining for some time and finding out nothing, Zhao Hai then took the Elven bow to the Space . The moment he entered the Space, a prompt was heard, Damaged item detected, proceeding to repair it . Repair has been completed . Subduing the spirit . Unique Crystal has been discovered . Extracting the crystals properties . Improving the host s crystallization technique .





* * *





Chapter 661 – The Radiant Church’s Backup

When Zhao Hai heard this prompt, he couldn’t help but stare . He didn’t think that the Elven Bow would actually give him some advantages .

However, the surprise didn’t end there . At this moment, another prompt was heard . “Thread made out of special material has been detected . The silk thread was made out of variant spider silk . It is very tough . Extracting the silk’s properties . Enhancing the Host’s combat suit . Cuffs has been added to the suit, these cuffs can spew out web in order to tangle the enemy . ”

Zhao Hai was shocked this time, wasn’t this function too familiar? Wasn’t this Spiderman’s ability?

Zhao Hai shook his head and didn’t think about it anymore . In any case, the Space was already quite bizarre, so it would not be surprising for these things to happen . The Space itself has Spiderman’s suit, so it wasn’t strange that its function was added to Zhao Hai’s own suit .

Zhao Hai lowered his head and looked at the Elven Bow . He wanted to see what its Artifact Spirit looked like . At this time, a green light suddenly flashed from the bow as a person slowly floated out of it . This figure was very different from Iron Hammer and Bloody War . The figure was actually lying down, when her appearance completely materialized, she yawned and then slowly sat up, just like how an ordinary person would act after being woken up from sleep .

Zhao Hai was curiously looking at this Artifact Spirit . She wasn’t wearing the traditional Elven Robes, but was wearing a tight fitting suit instead . This gave her a martial aura . At this moment, the Artifact Spirit was also looking at Zhao Hai .

The Artifact Spirit sized Zhao Hai up before she bowed and said, “Green Vine has seen Master Zhao Hai . ”

Zhao Hai was sizing her up as well, “You’re called Green Vine?”

The Artifact Spirit nodded,” Yes Master, I was named Green Vine . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Just call me Young Master . What are you made of? Why do you seem to be different from Iron Hammer and Bloody War?”

The Artifact Spirit smiled faintly and said, “Answering the Young Master’s question . Bloody War and Iron Hammer are made in Ark Continent . When





their masters became God-rank, they were then brought to the Divine Realm, only then did they become Divine Artifacts . On the other hand, I was made in the Divine Realm, so I was made using the materials there . This made me different from Bloody War and Iron Hammer . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, no wonder he didn’t get any benefits when fixing Iron Hammer and Bloody War . So Green Vine was actually made in the Divine Realm .

After this thought passed through his mind, Zhao Hai’s heart was suddenly moved . If Green Vine being made in the Divine Realm gave Zhao Hai benefits, then does it mean that there were materials in the Divine Realm that can’t be found in the Ark Continent? If that was really the case, then it would be great to visit the Divine Realm to take a look .

Levelling the Space in the Ark Continent had become very difficult . The most recent boost of level that it had received was from the lotus, but that thing has some sort of a relationship with the Demon Realm . It seem like if Zhao Hai wanted to upgrade his Space, then he would need to visit either the Demon Realm or the Divine Realm .

Zhao Hai looked at Green Vine and said, “Green Vine, are Divine Artifacts divided into levels?”

Green Vine nodded and said, “We are indeed graded . Iron Hammer and Bloody Ware are low-level artifacts . I am classified as an intermediate-level artifact . There are also high-level artifacts . High-level artifacts are very formidable, but they were also difficult make . Because of that, there were very few high-level artifacts in the Divine Realm . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he asked Green Vine about the previous war against the Divine Race . What Green Vine said was the same as Iron Hammer and Bloody War’s testimonies, so there was no need to ask for more details . After that, Zhao Hai instructed Green Vine to protect the Elf Race and also to refrain from calling him Young Master when they leave the Space .

Since Green Vine had surrendered to the Space, then she would naturally follow Zhao Hai’s orders . Then Zhao Hai sat inside the living room and opened the monitor . He wanted to see the current developments in the Elven Race .

After having rested inside the Space, Zhao Hai





Hai returned to his room in the morning . After opening the door, Zhao Hai noticed that there were people outside . Zhao Hai wasn’t surprised about this since this was just the Queen’s procedure . She was afraid that people would come and disturb Zhao Hai .

At first, Zhao Hai thought that this method was unnecessary . However, when he thought about the situation yesterday, he thought otherwise . There were still some traitors among the Elves . If it weren’t for the Queen ordering martial law, then they would’ve already approached Zhao Hai’s room .

At this point, Zhao Hai was no longer worried about the rebels . Now that he had fixed the Elven Bow, everything would be taken care of .

Divine Artifacts were truly mysterious enough that they can detect traitors among their race . This was something that wasn’t unique to Green Vine . Bloody War and Iron Hammer were capable of doing this as well .

After seeing Zhao Hai open the door, the people outside immediately loosened their expression . Gellar, who was the leader this time, walked forward and gave ZHao Hai a bow, “Mister, you’re out . Was Mister successful?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then handed the Elven bow over to Gellar and said, “I’ve succeeded, please take it back to Her Majesty . ”

Gellar stared at the bow as it was transferred to her own hands . Then she looked at ZHao Hai and said, “In behalf of the Elves, I express our gratitude . Mister must be tired, please have a good rest . I shall have someone prepare you a meal . When Mister wants to eat, just send words and they will serve it . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Thank you, Miss Gellar . Then I shall be taking my rest . ” He gave Gellar a salute before he returned to his room and closed the door .

Actually, Zhao Hai had already rested yesterday, so he didn’t need any more rest . He just wanted to show that fixing the bow took a lot of effort, so he pretended to be tired and returned to his room . After that he entered the Space and opened the monitor to see how the Elves react to the fixed Elven Bow .

Gellar took the Elven Bow to the hall where the Queen was waiting for news . The Queen





The Queen went sleepless throughout the night as well . At this moment, Gellar came in, holding the Elven Bow on her hands . The Queen couldn’t help but stand up and looked at Gellar . Gellar immediately gave her report, “Mother, he succeeded . Mister Zhao Hai succeeded!”

The Queen looked at the Elven Bow and then let out a long breath . At the same time, her two eyes shined as she quickly arrived in front of Gellar and respectfully received the Elven Bow . Then she turned around to leave the hall, she needed to see the Supreme Elder .

In the Elven Race, the Supreme Elder wasn’t the only 9th rank expert . There were other 9th rank elders as well, there were more than 20 of them .

Today, all of these 9th rank elders convened . They attached great importance to the news of whether the Elven Bow has been fixed or not .

The Queen took the bow to the cavern where the Supreme Elder and the others were . This tree cavern was very big, but there were no decorations inside, only a large empty space . Inside the cavern were several straw mats where the various 9th rank elders were sat down .

The Queen stopped before these 9th ranks and then respectfully bowed and said, “Reporting to the Supreme Elder, Mister Zhao Hai had fixed the Divine Artifact . ”

Then the Supreme Elder’s voice was heard, “Your Majesty, please come forward . ” The Queen complied, and the took the Elven Bow forward .

There was a bow frame in the middle of this huge cavern and the Supreme Elder was standing right next to it . After the Queen arrived by the Supreme Elder, she immediately placed the Elven Bow on the frame before she respectfully drew back to the sides .

Among these 9th rank elders, the oldest one of them went forward . She was also wearing the same green robe while she had a magic staff on her hand . She bowed towards the Elven Bow and said, “We request Sir Artifact Spirit to come out!”

Then Green Vine slowly came out of the bow . She looked at the Elves and nodded, “Good, I have slept for many years, it’s good to see that the strength of the Elves has recovered . Mister Zhao Hai already told me of what’s happening outside . It seems

It seems like the Divine Race is planning to attack once again . I also told Mister Zhao Hai that we would be making an alliance with them to jointly deal with this enemy . Does anyone have any other opinions?”

The Elves present doesn’t dare to oppose, all of them simultaneously said, “We don’t dare, we follow what the Divine Artifact decided . ”

Green Vine nodded, then she knit her brows and said, “Why do I feel the aura of the enemy in the bodies of our clansmen? What is this all about?”

When she heard Green Vine, the oldest Supreme Elder replied, “Your Grace, this is the Radiant Church’s conspiracy . They have brainwashed some Elven children and sent them to infiltrate the Elven Race . We had already caught two spies yesterday . However, we weren’t able to find the others . We ask Sir Artifact Spirit to help us in weeding them out . ”

Green Vine nodded, then she looked at the Supreme Elder and said, “This isn’t a problem . But after discovering them, what did you do?”

Then the Supreme Elder hesitated for a moment before replying, “Your Grace, we waster their cultivation . What is Your Grace’ opinion on this?”

Green Vine actually snorted and said, “Stupid! These people cannot remain alive . I can feel the aura of the Divine Realm on their bodies . It seems like they weren’t just simple spies sent by the Radiant Church . Their bodies have been altered using a special method, sealing God-realm energy within them, something that all of you cannot detect . As long as a Divine Race expert arrives, they can just activate that seal and release the energy inside . That explosion would have the same power as a 9th rank expert . So how could you just leave them be? If the Divine Race came and released that energy, then what would you do? Have you thought about this?”

Green Vine’s words made the expressions of these Supreme Elders change . The didn’t think that the Radiant Church would have this kind of backup plan . Even if the rebels’ cultivation were wasted, they can still explode, at that point, the Elves would be doomed .

The Supreme Elders were sweating at the thought of this . The oldest Supreme Elder immediately bowed to Green Vine and said, “Sir Artifact Spirit, we know what we should do! ”

 Chapter 661 The Radiant Church s Backup When Zhao Hai heard this prompt, he couldn t help but stare . He didn t think that the Elven Bow would actually give him some advantages . However, the surprise didn t end there . At this moment, another prompt was heard . Thread made out of special material has been detected . The silk thread was made out of variant spider silk . It is very tough . Extracting the silk s properties . Enhancing the Host s combat suit . Cuffs has been added to the suit, these cuffs can spew out web in order to tangle the enemy . Zhao Hai was shocked this time, wasn t this function too familiar Wasn t this Spiderman s ability Zhao Hai shook his head and didn t think about it anymore . In any case, the Space was already quite bizarre, so it would not be surprising for these things to happen . The Space itself has Spiderman s suit, so it wasn t strange that its function was added to Zhao Hai s own suit . Zhao Hai lowered his head and looked at the Elven Bow . He wanted to see what its Artifact Spirit looked like . At this time, a green light suddenly flashed from the bow as a person slowly floated out of it . This figure was very different from Iron Hammer and Bloody War . The figure was actually lying down, when her appearance completely materialized, she yawned and then slowly sat up, just like how an ordinary person would act after being woken up from sleep . Zhao Hai was curiously looking at this Artifact Spirit . She wasn t wearing the traditional Elven Robes, but was wearing a tight fitting suit instead . This gave her a martial aura . At this moment, the Artifact Spirit was also looking at Zhao Hai . The Artifact Spirit sized Zhao Hai up before she bowed and said, Green Vine has seen Master Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai was sizing her up as well, You re called Green Vine The Artifact Spirit nodded, Yes Master, I was named Green Vine . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Just call me Young Master . What are you made of Why do you seem to be different from Iron Hammer and Bloody War The Artifact Spirit smiled faintly and said, Answering the Young Master s question . Bloody War and Iron Hammer are made in Ark Continent . When their masters became God rank, they were then brought to the Divine Realm, only then did they become Divine Artifacts . On the other hand, I was made in the Divine Realm, so I was made using the materials there . This made me different from Bloody War and Iron Hammer . Zhao Hai nodded, no wonder he didn t get any benefits when fixing Iron Hammer and Bloody War . So Green Vine was actually made in the Divine Realm . After this thought passed through his mind, Zhao Hai s heart was suddenly moved . If Green Vine being made in the Divine Realm gave Zhao Hai benefits, then does it mean that there were materials in the Divine Realm that can t be found in the Ark Continent If that was really the case, then it would be great to visit the Divine Realm to take a look . Levelling the Space in the Ark Continent had become very difficult . The most recent boost of level that it had received was from the lotus, but that thing has some sort of a relationship with the Demon Realm . It seem like if Zhao Hai wanted to upgrade his Space, then he would need to visit either the Demon Realm or the Divine Realm . Zhao Hai looked at Green Vine and said, Green Vine, are Divine Artifacts divided into levels Green Vine nodded and said, We are indeed graded . Iron Hammer and Bloody Ware are low level artifacts . I am classified as an intermediate level artifact . There are also high level artifacts . High level artifacts are very formidable, but they were also difficult make . Because of that, there were very few high level artifacts in the Divine Realm . Zhao Hai nodded, then he asked Green Vine about the previous war against the Divine Race . What Green Vine said was the same as Iron Hammer and Bloody War s testimonies, so there was no need to ask for more details . After that, Zhao Hai instructed Green Vine to protect the Elf Race and also to refrain from calling him Young Master when they leave the Space . Since Green Vine had surrendered to the Space, then she would naturally follow Zhao Hai s orders . Then Zhao Hai sat inside the living room and opened the monitor . He wanted to see the current developments in the Elven Race . After having rested inside the Space, Zhao Hai returned to his room in the morning . After opening the door, Zhao Hai noticed that there were people outside . Zhao Hai wasn t surprised about this since this was just the Queen s procedure . She was afraid that people would come and disturb Zhao Hai . At first, Zhao Hai thought that this method was unnecessary . However, when he thought about the situation yesterday, he thought otherwise . There were still some traitors among the Elves . If it weren t for the Queen ordering martial law, then they would ve already approached Zhao Hai s room . At this point, Zhao Hai was no longer worried about the rebels . Now that he had fixed the Elven Bow, everything would be taken care of . Divine Artifacts were truly mysterious enough that they can detect traitors among their race . This was something that wasn t unique to Green Vine . Bloody War and Iron Hammer were capable of doing this as well . After seeing Zhao Hai open the door, the people outside immediately loosened their expression . Gellar, who was the leader this time, walked forward and gave ZHao Hai a bow, Mister, you re out . Was Mister successful Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then handed the Elven bow over to Gellar and said, I ve succeeded, please take it back to Her Majesty . Gellar stared at the bow as it was transferred to her own hands . Then she looked at ZHao Hai and said, In behalf of the Elves, I express our gratitude . Mister must be tired, please have a good rest . I shall have someone prepare you a meal . When Mister wants to eat, just send words and they will serve it . Zhao Hai nodded, Thank you, Miss Gellar . Then I shall be taking my rest . He gave Gellar a salute before he returned to his room and closed the door . Actually, Zhao Hai had already rested yesterday, so he didn t need any more rest . He just wanted to show that fixing the bow took a lot of effort, so he pretended to be tired and returned to his room . After that he entered the Space and opened the monitor to see how the Elves react to the fixed Elven Bow . Gellar took the Elven Bow to the hall where the Queen was waiting for news . The Queen went sleepless throughout the night as well . At this moment, Gellar came in, holding the Elven Bow on her hands . The Queen couldn t help but stand up and looked at Gellar . Gellar immediately gave her report, Mother, he succeeded . Mister Zhao Hai succeeded The Queen looked at the Elven Bow and then let out a long breath . At the same time, her two eyes shined as she quickly arrived in front of Gellar and respectfully received the Elven Bow . Then she turned around to leave the hall, she needed to see the Supreme Elder . In the Elven Race, the Supreme Elder wasn t the only 9th rank expert . There were other 9th rank elders as well, there were more than 20 of them . Today, all of these 9th rank elders convened . They attached great importance to the news of whether the Elven Bow has been fixed or not . The Queen took the bow to the cavern where the Supreme Elder and the others were . This tree cavern was very big, but there were no decorations inside, only a large empty space . Inside the cavern were several straw mats where the various 9th rank elders were sat down . The Queen stopped before these 9th ranks and then respectfully bowed and said, Reporting to the Supreme Elder, Mister Zhao Hai had fixed the Divine Artifact . Then the Supreme Elder s voice was heard, Your Majesty, please come forward . The Queen complied, and the took the Elven Bow forward . There was a bow frame in the middle of this huge cavern and the Supreme Elder was standing right next to it . After the Queen arrived by the Supreme Elder, she immediately placed the Elven Bow on the frame before she respectfully drew back to the sides . Among these 9th rank elders, the oldest one of them went forward . She was also wearing the same green robe while she had a magic staff on her hand . She bowed towards the Elven Bow and said, We request Sir Artifact Spirit to come out Then Green Vine slowly came out of the bow . She looked at the Elves and nodded, Good, I have slept for many years, it s good to see that the strength of the Elves has recovered . Mister Zhao Hai already told me of what s happening outside . It seems like the Divine Race is planning to attack once again . I also told Mister Zhao Hai that we would be making an alliance with them to jointly deal with this enemy . Does anyone have any other opinions The Elves present doesn t dare to oppose, all of them simultaneously said, We don t dare, we follow what the Divine Artifact decided . Green Vine nodded, then she knit her brows and said, Why do I feel the aura of the enemy in the bodies of our clansmen What is this all about When she heard Green Vine, the oldest Supreme Elder replied, Your Grace, this is the Radiant Church s conspiracy . They have brainwashed some Elven children and sent them to infiltrate the Elven Race . We had already caught two spies yesterday . However, we weren t able to find the others . We ask Sir Artifact Spirit to help us in weeding them out . Green Vine nodded, then she looked at the Supreme Elder and said, This isn t a problem . But after discovering them, what did you do Then the Supreme Elder hesitated for a moment before replying, Your Grace, we waster their cultivation . What is Your Grace opinion on this Green Vine actually snorted and said, Stupid These people cannot remain alive . I can feel the aura of the Divine Realm on their bodies . It seems like they weren t just simple spies sent by the Radiant Church . Their bodies have been altered using a special method, sealing God realm energy within them, something that all of you cannot detect . As long as a Divine Race expert arrives, they can just activate that seal and release the energy inside . That explosion would have the same power as a 9th rank expert . So how could you just leave them be If the Divine Race came and released that energy, then what would you do Have you thought about this Green Vine s words made the expressions of these Supreme Elders change . The didn t think that the Radiant Church would have this kind of backup plan . Even if the rebels cultivation were wasted, they can still explode, at that point, the Elves would be doomed . The Supreme Elders were sweating at the thought of this . The oldest Supreme Elder immediately bowed to Green Vine and said, Sir Artifact Spirit, we know what we should do





* * *





Chapter 662 – Preparation Begins

Zhao Hai was currently sitting on a boat while looking at the beast skin scroll on his hand . In fact there was nothing special about the scroll . The only change in it was the Elven Race’s mark .

The Elven Race had proceeded with their operation, weeding out more than 100 spies . This made the Elf Queen furious . She didn’t’ think that there would be this much rebels inside her kingdom . The Queen was terrified of the thought of these people exploding with the might of 9th rank experts .

At this point, Zhao Hai had acquired a new status, the Elven Race’s Foreign Elder . But Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it . Now that the alliance with the Elves have been dealt with, then the next plan can start . It was time to take care of the Dragon Race!

Billy was right by Zhao Hai’s side when he read the scroll . Billy couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Now you’ve become a Foreign Elder of the Elves . I believe that you have the most unique status in the whole history of the Ark Continent . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “All of it was due to the current situation . Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to gain these many titles . I can say that things have gone smoothly this time . Not only were we able to help the Elves fix their artifact, we also helped them weed out their traitors . Now we can proceed to the next step . ”

Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “The Dragon Race?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, the Dragons, they need to be eliminated . Their current position is very significant to the state of the Continent . We can’t wait for too long, they need to be gone . I have this feeling of dread, it’s as if something is about to happen in the continent . You must be careful . ”

Billy nodded and said, “Be relieved, we will be extremely careful . The same applies to you as well, be sure to take care of yourselves . After all, you’re facing against the Dragon Race . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m going to be





fine . I can assure you of this . ” Billy was also quite aware of Zhao Hai’s methods, so he was not that worried about his security .

Five days later, they had finally arrived back at Dwarf Mountain . After resting with the Dwarves for a day, Zhao Hai left . He was ready to deal with the Dragons .

Although Zhao Hai had been with the Elves and Dwarves in the past few days, he was not being idle . He had Cai’er control the Blood Ghost Staff to monitor the Dragons inside Lyon Empire .

Aside from Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai also had the staff fly towards Accra Mountain to see the situation there .

Dragons were claimed to be invincible by the Continent, so Zhao Hai didn’t want to just go in without ample preparations . Fortunately, as long as the map has been collected to the Space, then the Space can monitor the Lyon Empire and the Accra Mountain at any time .

For many years, there were hardly any Dragon sightings in the continent . All this time, the Dragons have stayed inside Accra Mountain, treating it like their own kingdom . They also had a lot of magic beast and lesser dragon subordinates . Dealing with them would be as hard as attacking any other Empire .

Zhao Hai’s plan was to first head to the Lyon Empire and deal with the Dragons that were stationed there . After that, then he’ll go on an attack Accra Mountain .

Zhao Hai didn’t inform the other nations about his plans and only revealing it to the Dwarves, Fishmen, Elves, and the Beastmen .

Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of any leaks pertaining to these races, this was because the numbers of the traitors in them were very few . Moreover, some of them also have their Divine Artifacts that can detect any rebels among their race . At the same time, it would be impossible for the Radiant Church to infiltrate the Fishman Race . This was because their situation was very special . Even if 9th ranks were to go there, then people would immediately spot them . It was impossible for any Radiant Church spy to evade the eyes of the Mermaid Clan .

When Zhao Hai left the Dwarf mountain, he immediately





immediately went to the Space . In the past few days, Laura and the others had been paying attention to the movement of the Dragons . Although the Dragons had controlled the entire Lyon Empire, they still needed to get the recognition of its citizens . Although Humans were easily tempted to go against the Lyon Imperial Clan, it was still quite difficult for them to accept the Dragons as their rulers .

The Dragons were truly formidable, but one shouldn’t forget that in Human eyes, they were still magic beasts . It was impossible for Humans to accept a magic beast to be their rulers .

But it was clear that the Dragons were prepared for this . They already controlled a lot of Noble clans, and with the help of these clans, even if the people weren’t comfortable in being ruled by Dragons, they still weren’t able to make a fuss .

There were 40 Dragons in the Lyon Empire’s capital . Ten of these 40 Dragons were 9th ranks while the other 30 were just a tad bit below . But even if these 30 weren’t 9th ranks, they can still fly, so their threat was no less than the 9th ranks’ .

Beside these 40 Dragons, the Lyon Empire’s capital also had about 5 thousand lesser dragons guarding it . These lesser dragons also had their own magic beast mounts . The fighting power of the lesser dragons were around 6th or 7th rank while their magic beasts were 6th ranks . This force was also something that one shouldn’t take lightly .

In order to ensure his success, Zhao Hai spent some time in the Space to fully map the territory of the Lyon Empire . He wanted to see if there were other Dragons in other parts of the Empire .

Sure enough, in the Lyon Empire’s border with the Rosen Empire and Buddha Empire, Dragons were present inside the towns as well . They might now be numerous, but their lesser dragon army were still able to drive away the attacks of the Rosen and Buddha Empire . [1]

After Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately called Kun and Green over to the Space . Then together they discussed how to deal with the Dragon Race .

Zhao Hai showed the full map of the





of the Lyon Empire, then he turned to Green and Kun, “Grandpa Green, Grandpa Kun, the Dragons have garrisons on these places . Which of them should we attack first?”

Zhao Hai had referred to four spots, these four spots were indicated by green dots on the monitor . They were the Lyon Empire’s garrison, the Rosen Empire’s border, the Buddha Empire’s border, and the surroundings of Accra Mountain where a lesser dragon army of 2000 was also situated in .

Green looked at the map and thought for a moment before saying, “With the number of troops in our hand, I think it wouldn’t be hard to attack multiple of them at the same time . I think we should separate our troops and attack the borders of the Rosen and Buddha Empires first . Eliminating those two armies would only take about one evening . Moreover, we need to make sure that those Dragons don’t escape . After that, we’ll wipe out the Dragons in the Lyon Empire’s capital . Lastly we’ll have our army charge towards Accra Mountain . ”

Kun nodded and said, “I agree to Green’s plan . Our undead troops are in high enough number that even the Fishmen wouldn’t be able to make a move . So it should be fine if we split them up . Moreover, we have the advantage of being able to increase our numbers the more we fight . The only thing we need to do now is to inform the Fishman and have them destroy the Radiant Church’s navy so that they wouldn’t be able to send any help towards the Dragons . I’m not too worried about the Dragons in the capital, after all, we have the capability to completely clean them up . At the same time, those loyal to the Lyon Empire has already been eliminated when the Dragons took control . Therefore, those who were left behind were those Nobles that sided with the Dragons . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It’s time to resolve the problem in Lyon Empire . Then it is decided, tomorrow we will act . ”

Kun nodded . After the Space has been upgraded, it was now possible to place an army anywhere on the map . This made their tactics much more flexible . However, Zhao Hai still

Zhao Hai still wanted to make a quick move . It was necessary to remove the Dragons before the Nobles were able to act . It would be better if they didn’t get into a fight with the army of the Nobles .

In all honesty, Zhao Hai really didn’t want to fight those Noble armies . In any case, they were still Humans . Later on, when the war happens, they may even be another force that can resist the Divine Race .

After completing the plan, Zhao Hai rested well . However, Green and the others were still staring at the screen . They wanted to see what the Rosen and the Buddha Empires were doing .

SInce they weren’t aware of Zhao Hai’s plans, the Rosen and Buddha Empire didn’t have any movements . They were still fully alert against the Dragons . They wouldn’t dare take the Dragons too lightly .

The day passed quickly while the people in the continent continued to live their peaceful lives . The army of the Dragons were also stationed in their camp . They weren’t afraid of the Rosen and Buddha Empire . In their minds, as soon as their identities as Dragons were revealed, no one in the continent would dare to attack them .

The Dragons had always been aloof while in Accra Mountain . Even the lesser dragons had found themselves being able to move sideways in the mountain . [2]

Due to being subjected to this environment, the lesser dragons had become quite arrogant . Although their current population wasn’t a lot, their status in the Lyon Empire was actually very high . Even ordinary lesser dragons would dare to be disrespectful towards the Nobles of the Empire, they wouldn’t even take the effort to give a salute . There was needless to say when they meet a commoner . In the eyes of these lesser dragons, these commoners shouldn’t even be considered people . In the few days that they had been in charge of Lyon Empire, there were already several thousand people who were killed for no reason . It was basically a massacre .

I think the arrangement is like this: Northern Icefield -> Prairie -> Aksu-> Rosen-> Buddha-> Ocean Waves ‘Walk sideways’ means they can do whatever they want  Chapter 662 Preparation Begins Zhao Hai was currently sitting on a boat while looking at the beast skin scroll on his hand . In fact there was nothing special about the scroll . The only change in it was the Elven Race s mark . The Elven Race had proceeded with their operation, weeding out more than 100 spies . This made the Elf Queen furious . She didn t think that there would be this much rebels inside her kingdom . The Queen was terrified of the thought of these people exploding with the might of 9th rank experts . At this point, Zhao Hai had acquired a new status, the Elven Race s Foreign Elder . But Zhao Hai didn t care much about it . Now that the alliance with the Elves have been dealt with, then the next plan can start . It was time to take care of the Dragon Race Billy was right by Zhao Hai s side when he read the scroll . Billy couldn t help but laugh and said, Now you ve become a Foreign Elder of the Elves . I believe that you have the most unique status in the whole history of the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai smiled and said, All of it was due to the current situation . Otherwise, I wouldn t have been able to gain these many titles . I can say that things have gone smoothly this time . Not only were we able to help the Elves fix their artifact, we also helped them weed out their traitors . Now we can proceed to the next step . Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, The Dragon Race Zhao Hai nodded and said, Right, the Dragons, they need to be eliminated . Their current position is very significant to the state of the Continent . We can t wait for too long, they need to be gone . I have this feeling of dread, it s as if something is about to happen in the continent . You must be careful . Billy nodded and said, Be relieved, we will be extremely careful . The same applies to you as well, be sure to take care of yourselves . After all, you re facing against the Dragon Race . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I m going to be fine . I can assure you of this . Billy was also quite aware of Zhao Hai s methods, so he was not that worried about his security . Five days later, they had finally arrived back at Dwarf Mountain . After resting with the Dwarves for a day, Zhao Hai left . He was ready to deal with the Dragons . Although Zhao Hai had been with the Elves and Dwarves in the past few days, he was not being idle . He had Cai er control the Blood Ghost Staff to monitor the Dragons inside Lyon Empire . Aside from Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai also had the staff fly towards Accra Mountain to see the situation there . Dragons were claimed to be invincible by the Continent, so Zhao Hai didn t want to just go in without ample preparations . Fortunately, as long as the map has been collected to the Space, then the Space can monitor the Lyon Empire and the Accra Mountain at any time . For many years, there were hardly any Dragon sightings in the continent . All this time, the Dragons have stayed inside Accra Mountain, treating it like their own kingdom . They also had a lot of magic beast and lesser dragon subordinates . Dealing with them would be as hard as attacking any other Empire . Zhao Hai s plan was to first head to the Lyon Empire and deal with the Dragons that were stationed there . After that, then he ll go on an attack Accra Mountain . Zhao Hai didn t inform the other nations about his plans and only revealing it to the Dwarves, Fishmen, Elves, and the Beastmen . Zhao Hai wasn t afraid of any leaks pertaining to these races, this was because the numbers of the traitors in them were very few . Moreover, some of them also have their Divine Artifacts that can detect any rebels among their race . At the same time, it would be impossible for the Radiant Church to infiltrate the Fishman Race . This was because their situation was very special . Even if 9th ranks were to go there, then people would immediately spot them . It was impossible for any Radiant Church spy to evade the eyes of the Mermaid Clan . When Zhao Hai left the Dwarf mountain, he immediately went to the Space . In the past few days, Laura and the others had been paying attention to the movement of the Dragons . Although the Dragons had controlled the entire Lyon Empire, they still needed to get the recognition of its citizens . Although Humans were easily tempted to go against the Lyon Imperial Clan, it was still quite difficult for them to accept the Dragons as their rulers . The Dragons were truly formidable, but one shouldn t forget that in Human eyes, they were still magic beasts . It was impossible for Humans to accept a magic beast to be their rulers . But it was clear that the Dragons were prepared for this . They already controlled a lot of Noble clans, and with the help of these clans, even if the people weren t comfortable in being ruled by Dragons, they still weren t able to make a fuss . There were 40 Dragons in the Lyon Empire s capital . Ten of these 40 Dragons were 9th ranks while the other 30 were just a tad bit below . But even if these 30 weren t 9th ranks, they can still fly, so their threat was no less than the 9th ranks . Beside these 40 Dragons, the Lyon Empire s capital also had about 5 thousand lesser dragons guarding it . These lesser dragons also had their own magic beast mounts . The fighting power of the lesser dragons were around 6th or 7th rank while their magic beasts were 6th ranks . This force was also something that one shouldn t take lightly . In order to ensure his success, Zhao Hai spent some time in the Space to fully map the territory of the Lyon Empire . He wanted to see if there were other Dragons in other parts of the Empire . Sure enough, in the Lyon Empire s border with the Rosen Empire and Buddha Empire, Dragons were present inside the towns as well . They might now be numerous, but their lesser dragon army were still able to drive away the attacks of the Rosen and Buddha Empire . 1 After Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately called Kun and Green over to the Space . Then together they discussed how to deal with the Dragon Race . Zhao Hai showed the full map of the Lyon Empire, then he turned to Green and Kun, Grandpa Green, Grandpa Kun, the Dragons have garrisons on these places . Which of them should we attack first Zhao Hai had referred to four spots, these four spots were indicated by green dots on the monitor . They were the Lyon Empire s garrison, the Rosen Empire s border, the Buddha Empire s border, and the surroundings of Accra Mountain where a lesser dragon army of 2000 was also situated in . Green looked at the map and thought for a moment before saying, With the number of troops in our hand, I think it wouldn t be hard to attack multiple of them at the same time . I think we should separate our troops and attack the borders of the Rosen and Buddha Empires first . Eliminating those two armies would only take about one evening . Moreover, we need to make sure that those Dragons don t escape . After that, we ll wipe out the Dragons in the Lyon Empire s capital . Lastly we ll have our army charge towards Accra Mountain . Kun nodded and said, I agree to Green s plan . Our undead troops are in high enough number that even the Fishmen wouldn t be able to make a move . So it should be fine if we split them up . Moreover, we have the advantage of being able to increase our numbers the more we fight . The only thing we need to do now is to inform the Fishman and have them destroy the Radiant Church s navy so that they wouldn t be able to send any help towards the Dragons . I m not too worried about the Dragons in the capital, after all, we have the capability to completely clean them up . At the same time, those loyal to the Lyon Empire has already been eliminated when the Dragons took control . Therefore, those who were left behind were those Nobles that sided with the Dragons . Zhao Hai nodded and said, It s time to resolve the problem in Lyon Empire . Then it is decided, tomorrow we will act . Kun nodded . After the Space has been upgraded, it was now possible to place an army anywhere on the map . This made their tactics much more flexible . However, Zhao Hai still wanted to make a quick move . It was necessary to remove the Dragons before the Nobles were able to act . It would be better if they didn t get into a fight with the army of the Nobles . In all honesty, Zhao Hai really didn t want to fight those Noble armies . In any case, they were still Humans . Later on, when the war happens, they may even be another force that can resist the Divine Race . After completing the plan, Zhao Hai rested well . However, Green and the others were still staring at the screen . They wanted to see what the Rosen and the Buddha Empires were doing . SInce they weren t aware of Zhao Hai s plans, the Rosen and Buddha Empire didn t have any movements . They were still fully alert against the Dragons . They wouldn t dare take the Dragons too lightly . The day passed quickly while the people in the continent continued to live their peaceful lives . The army of the Dragons were also stationed in their camp . They weren t afraid of the Rosen and Buddha Empire . In their minds, as soon as their identities as Dragons were revealed, no one in the continent would dare to attack them . The Dragons had always been aloof while in Accra Mountain . Even the lesser dragons had found themselves being able to move sideways in the mountain . 2 Due to being subjected to this environment, the lesser dragons had become quite arrogant . Although their current population wasn t a lot, their status in the Lyon Empire was actually very high . Even ordinary lesser dragons would dare to be disrespectful towards the Nobles of the Empire, they wouldn t even take the effort to give a salute . There was needless to say when they meet a commoner . In the eyes of these lesser dragons, these commoners shouldn t even be considered people . In the few days that they had been in charge of Lyon Empire, there were already several thousand people who were killed for no reason . It was basically a massacre . I think the arrangement is like this Northern Icefield Prairie Aksu Rosen Buddha Ocean Waves Walk sideways means they can do whatever they want





* * *





Chapter 663 – Taking Two Cities at Night

Aya was a lesser dragon . He is a descendant between a Dragon and an 8th rank shadow leopard . He can also assume the form of a Human, but his strength was in his shadow leopard form .

Shadow leopards were the best assassins of the jungle . There was hardly anyone who can discover them when stealthed . Even Dragons admired their might .

When Aya is in his shadow leopard form, then his fighting strength would be on par with genuine shadow leopard, maybe even more . This was because he wasn’t only carrying the genes of a shadow leopard, he had the genes of a Dragon as well .

However, Aya’s status wasn’t very high among the other lesser dragons, he was only a Junior Captain . At this moment he was guarding the Lyon Empire against the Buddha Empire’s army .

Aya’s cavalry unit was stationed in the Lyon Empire’s most important fortress that faced the Buddha Empire . The Buddha Empire had stationed 50 thousand people here while the Lyon Empire used to station their 50 thousand magic cavalry unit as well .

Now, it was Aya who was assigned to this post . But he wasn’t here mainly to defend against the Buddha Empire’s attack . Aya believes that the Buddha Empire wouldn’t dare to attack them . Aya was stationed here mainly to defend against the original army of the Lyon Empire as well as those civilians that wanted to escape towards the Buddha Empire .

Aya’s recent days have been good . Although the original cavalry of the Lyon Empire was very strong, their magic beast mounts were all acquired in Accra Mountain . And since these magic beasts were under the rule of the Dragons, the Lyon Empire’s mounts would naturally listen to the Dragons’ words . Because of this, the Lyon Empire’s army had found themselves to be cavalries without mounts .

In addition to the Dragons stationed here, Aya and the others were descendants of Dragons as well . So their status was much higher than those magic beast mounts . When those magic beast mounts saw them, they immediately wore smiles on their faces, turning extremely polite . It can be said the Aya’s life here was very much the same back in Accra Mountain .

Tonight, it was Aya’s turn to become the night watch . But Aya thought that





this was unnecessary, there simply was no need to do this . Aya didn’t believe that the Buddha Empire would actually dare to attack them . He also didn’t think that there would be any Lyon Empire rebellion . But since this was an order from the higher ups, he didn’t have any other choice but to listen .

Besides his first night, Aya always had a pot of liquor with him in his succeeding night shifts . There were side dishes present as well, so he was living quite an easy life .

Aya was very happy with his current situation . The Dragon Race had endured living in Accra Mountain for all these years . And this time, they had finally took control of a Human nation . Now, people were serving them every day . It was comfortable, nothing can compare to this bliss .

In Aya’s mind, the Dragons should have already come out of the mountain and took control of the continent a long time ago . There was no need for them to endure in the mountain for many years .

Just after taking a sip of his liquor, Aya suddenly stopped . He raised his own ear, it seems like he had heard something . One must know that a shadow leopard’s hearing was very strong . And since Aya had the genes of a shadow leopard, his hearing would naturally be strong as well .

Aya placed his wine glass down and quietly listened . He was right, there were very strange sounds . This sound wasn’t the whistling of the wind, nor was it the rustling of leaves, it was a sound that was made by people hurrying along .

Aya stared for a moment before he slowly stood up and looked towards the city, this was because the source of the sound was inside the walls . There was a night curfew, and every person that was caught would be executed for the crime of conspiracy .

Because of this, Aya felt strange, who would dare run in the middle of the night? He didn’t think that it would be the Lyon Empire cavalry, they wouldn’t dare since they knew that there was a Dragon in this city . This was equivalent to having 9th rank experts, so how could they rebel?

If it weren’t the garrison, then was it commoners? Even them wouldn’t dare . There was a restriction placed on the





the city, disallowing civilians to hold weapons . Even the act of hiding one would merit execution . These civilians were weaponless, so they wouldn’t dare to rebel . So to which people do these footsteps belong to?

Aya decided to look at the direction of the sound . In addition to their superior hearing, shadow leopards were also gifted with the ability to see in the dark . Aya was sure that he could spot who it was .

Before long, shadows appeared on the streets of the city, and there were a lot of them . Aya’s calm face immediately changed because these people were holding weapons in their hands . Aya knew that these people were enemies . Just as he was about fire an alarm, Aya suddenly felt a pain in his throat . Aya looked down and saw that a dagger had stabbed him on the neck . Before he blacked out, Aya can see blood spurting out of his neck . It was then that he knew that he was already dead . From start to finish, Aya wasn’t able to see what the enemy looked like .

An undead assassin appeared behind Aya and supported his body . After placing Aya back on his chair, the undead immediately turned to look at another person .

Just as the undead assassin turned around, Aya, who was about to fall of of his chair, disappeared . Then he appeared once again . Aya moved his hands and feet to pick up his own swords before going back to his position on the wall . By now, Aya had become expressionless, his eyes stared straight and he wasn’t breathing . Naturally, he had been turned into undead .

Zhao Hai’s main goal was to deal with the Dragons, therefore, he didn’t want to touch the original Lyon Empire cavalry . However, those lesser dragon cavalry weren’t spared . All of the lesser dragons, magic beasts, as well as Dragons had become undead!

With the 9th rank strength of his undead, the sneak attack was completed without a fuss . If one were to ask the Lyon Empire garrison, then they would just tell you that the night went strangely smooth . Even the Dragons weren’t able to respond before dying . Everything was silent, the magic beasts, lesser dragons, and Dragons had all disappeared .

The same situation happened on the border between the Lyon Empire





Lyon Empire and the Rosen Empire . The Dragons didn’t place too much defenders on these two cities . Zhao Hai only sent 200 thousand undead to kill the defenders in silence . Zhao Hai’s undead didn’t even need to make any significant effort in order to succeed .

The night passed by with no issues . The next morning, the civilians and the garrison had found out that all magic beasts, lesser dragons, and Dragons had disappeared . Only blood can be spotted on the ground, the bodies were nowhere to be seen .

The garrison on these two cities were terrified . The blood on the floor were clearly from the magic beasts and lesser dragons . Even in the place where the Dragons rested, blood can be seen . However, there were no bodies anywhere, this made them very confused .

Among the garrison and the civilians were veterans in battle . From this scene, they can infer that there must have been a huge army attack last night, targeting these magic beasts, lesser dragons, as well as the Dragons . From what they can see, it seems like the enemies were quite ruthless .

The garrison troops immediately got anxious, no matter which party did it, the garrison still wouldn’t be able to escape taking the responsibility . They weren’t in the Lyon Empire anymore, they were in Saint Dragon Empire . It was a nation that was ruled by Dragons, beings who didn’t tolerate shortcomings and were very ruthless . Once they came to know that their subordinates had vanished, how could they be merciful to the garrison troops that survived?

The garrison had experienced first hand how cruel these lesser dragons and Dragons can be . Both the lesser dragons and Dragons simply don’t see them as people . A lot of them had already died because of the indiscriminate slaughter that the Dragons had done . It would be strange if the garrison were to remain alive after all of this blows off .

The garrison was left not knowing what to do, some of the small soldiers had already sneaked away . On the other hand, the officers had no choice but to stay . They had their complete information in the capital . From their hometown to the names of their families were known . It was impossible for them to escape .

Of course, not all officers chose to stay .

stay . There were some who already had left their family behind to die . After all, they wouldn’t be returning to Lyon Empire, they planned to live a whole new life in the Buddha Empire or the Rosen Empire .

Because of this, there were nobody in those two cities that reported what happened to the Dragons back at the capital . While they refrained from sending word, they were also buying Zhao Hai some time .

Zhao Hai had already sent word to the Fishmen the moment he attacked . While the Saint Dragon Empire’s army asked for reinforcements from the Radiant Empire, they would be delayed to the point where by the time they come back, the Dragons would have already been extinguished .

Zhao Hai, who had already cleaned two cities, didn’t celebrate . This result was within his expectations . On the other hand, it would be impossible to do the same thing to the Lyon Empire’s capital . There were just too many experts within the capital, and the Dragons haven’t been able to control it for a long time, so everyone in the capital was on high alert . Faced with careful Dragons, the method of sneak attack was just impossible . Therefore, there was only one way to attack the capital, it was by storming it with an army!

But attacking the Lyon Empire’s capital was not that easy . The Lyon Empire’s capital was similar to the Rosen Empire’s capital . On the outskirts of the city, noble castles had been erected . Gathering all of the soldiers here would amount to no less than 200 thousand people . At the same time, the capital’s garrison would number to be 500 thousand . Among those 500 thousand were 200 thousand elite troops as well as 300 thousand heavy armor infantry . Additionally, there were also 5000 lesser dragons as well as 40 Dragons .

If this was just the case, then Zhao Hai can be assured that he would be able to take the capital in a short period of time . However, there were two bumps that Zhao Hai can see . First was the huge magical formation that protects the Lyon Empire . This formation had been in the capital for hundreds of years . If the Dragons didn’t have people from the inside, then they wouldn’t have been able to take the capital in such a short period of time .

 Chapter 663 Taking Two Cities at Night Aya was a lesser dragon . He is a descendant between a Dragon and an 8th rank shadow leopard . He can also assume the form of a Human, but his strength was in his shadow leopard form . Shadow leopards were the best assassins of the jungle . There was hardly anyone who can discover them when stealthed . Even Dragons admired their might . When Aya is in his shadow leopard form, then his fighting strength would be on par with genuine shadow leopard, maybe even more . This was because he wasn t only carrying the genes of a shadow leopard, he had the genes of a Dragon as well . However, Aya s status wasn t very high among the other lesser dragons, he was only a Junior Captain . At this moment he was guarding the Lyon Empire against the Buddha Empire s army . Aya s cavalry unit was stationed in the Lyon Empire s most important fortress that faced the Buddha Empire . The Buddha Empire had stationed 50 thousand people here while the Lyon Empire used to station their 50 thousand magic cavalry unit as well . Now, it was Aya who was assigned to this post . But he wasn t here mainly to defend against the Buddha Empire s attack . Aya believes that the Buddha Empire wouldn t dare to attack them . Aya was stationed here mainly to defend against the original army of the Lyon Empire as well as those civilians that wanted to escape towards the Buddha Empire . Aya s recent days have been good . Although the original cavalry of the Lyon Empire was very strong, their magic beast mounts were all acquired in Accra Mountain . And since these magic beasts were under the rule of the Dragons, the Lyon Empire s mounts would naturally listen to the Dragons words . Because of this, the Lyon Empire s army had found themselves to be cavalries without mounts . In addition to the Dragons stationed here, Aya and the others were descendants of Dragons as well . So their status was much higher than those magic beast mounts . When those magic beast mounts saw them, they immediately wore smiles on their faces, turning extremely polite . It can be said the Aya s life here was very much the same back in Accra Mountain . Tonight, it was Aya s turn to become the night watch . But Aya thought that this was unnecessary, there simply was no need to do this . Aya didn t believe that the Buddha Empire would actually dare to attack them . He also didn t think that there would be any Lyon Empire rebellion . But since this was an order from the higher ups, he didn t have any other choice but to listen . Besides his first night, Aya always had a pot of liquor with him in his succeeding night shifts . There were side dishes present as well, so he was living quite an easy life . Aya was very happy with his current situation . The Dragon Race had endured living in Accra Mountain for all these years . And this time, they had finally took control of a Human nation . Now, people were serving them every day . It was comfortable, nothing can compare to this bliss . In Aya s mind, the Dragons should have already come out of the mountain and took control of the continent a long time ago . There was no need for them to endure in the mountain for many years . Just after taking a sip of his liquor, Aya suddenly stopped . He raised his own ear, it seems like he had heard something . One must know that a shadow leopard s hearing was very strong . And since Aya had the genes of a shadow leopard, his hearing would naturally be strong as well . Aya placed his wine glass down and quietly listened . He was right, there were very strange sounds . This sound wasn t the whistling of the wind, nor was it the rustling of leaves, it was a sound that was made by people hurrying along . Aya stared for a moment before he slowly stood up and looked towards the city, this was because the source of the sound was inside the walls . There was a night curfew, and every person that was caught would be executed for the crime of conspiracy . Because of this, Aya felt strange, who would dare run in the middle of the night He didn t think that it would be the Lyon Empire cavalry, they wouldn t dare since they knew that there was a Dragon in this city . This was equivalent to having 9th rank experts, so how could they rebel If it weren t the garrison, then was it commoners Even them wouldn t dare . There was a restriction placed on the city, disallowing civilians to hold weapons . Even the act of hiding one would merit execution . These civilians were weaponless, so they wouldn t dare to rebel . So to which people do these footsteps belong to Aya decided to look at the direction of the sound . In addition to their superior hearing, shadow leopards were also gifted with the ability to see in the dark . Aya was sure that he could spot who it was . Before long, shadows appeared on the streets of the city, and there were a lot of them . Aya s calm face immediately changed because these people were holding weapons in their hands . Aya knew that these people were enemies . Just as he was about fire an alarm, Aya suddenly felt a pain in his throat . Aya looked down and saw that a dagger had stabbed him on the neck . Before he blacked out, Aya can see blood spurting out of his neck . It was then that he knew that he was already dead . From start to finish, Aya wasn t able to see what the enemy looked like . An undead assassin appeared behind Aya and supported his body . After placing Aya back on his chair, the undead immediately turned to look at another person . Just as the undead assassin turned around, Aya, who was about to fall of of his chair, disappeared . Then he appeared once again . Aya moved his hands and feet to pick up his own swords before going back to his position on the wall . By now, Aya had become expressionless, his eyes stared straight and he wasn t breathing . Naturally, he had been turned into undead . Zhao Hai s main goal was to deal with the Dragons, therefore, he didn t want to touch the original Lyon Empire cavalry . However, those lesser dragon cavalry weren t spared . All of the lesser dragons, magic beasts, as well as Dragons had become undead With the 9th rank strength of his undead, the sneak attack was completed without a fuss . If one were to ask the Lyon Empire garrison, then they would just tell you that the night went strangely smooth . Even the Dragons weren t able to respond before dying . Everything was silent, the magic beasts, lesser dragons, and Dragons had all disappeared . The same situation happened on the border between the Lyon Empire and the Rosen Empire . The Dragons didn t place too much defenders on these two cities . Zhao Hai only sent 200 thousand undead to kill the defenders in silence . Zhao Hai s undead didn t even need to make any significant effort in order to succeed . The night passed by with no issues . The next morning, the civilians and the garrison had found out that all magic beasts, lesser dragons, and Dragons had disappeared . Only blood can be spotted on the ground, the bodies were nowhere to be seen . The garrison on these two cities were terrified . The blood on the floor were clearly from the magic beasts and lesser dragons . Even in the place where the Dragons rested, blood can be seen . However, there were no bodies anywhere, this made them very confused . Among the garrison and the civilians were veterans in battle . From this scene, they can infer that there must have been a huge army attack last night, targeting these magic beasts, lesser dragons, as well as the Dragons . From what they can see, it seems like the enemies were quite ruthless . The garrison troops immediately got anxious, no matter which party did it, the garrison still wouldn t be able to escape taking the responsibility . They weren t in the Lyon Empire anymore, they were in Saint Dragon Empire . It was a nation that was ruled by Dragons, beings who didn t tolerate shortcomings and were very ruthless . Once they came to know that their subordinates had vanished, how could they be merciful to the garrison troops that survived The garrison had experienced first hand how cruel these lesser dragons and Dragons can be . Both the lesser dragons and Dragons simply don t see them as people . A lot of them had already died because of the indiscriminate slaughter that the Dragons had done . It would be strange if the garrison were to remain alive after all of this blows off . The garrison was left not knowing what to do, some of the small soldiers had already sneaked away . On the other hand, the officers had no choice but to stay . They had their complete information in the capital . From their hometown to the names of their families were known . It was impossible for them to escape . Of course, not all officers chose to stay . There were some who already had left their family behind to die . After all, they wouldn t be returning to Lyon Empire, they planned to live a whole new life in the Buddha Empire or the Rosen Empire . Because of this, there were nobody in those two cities that reported what happened to the Dragons back at the capital . While they refrained from sending word, they were also buying Zhao Hai some time . Zhao Hai had already sent word to the Fishmen the moment he attacked . While the Saint Dragon Empire s army asked for reinforcements from the Radiant Empire, they would be delayed to the point where by the time they come back, the Dragons would have already been extinguished . Zhao Hai, who had already cleaned two cities, didn t celebrate . This result was within his expectations . On the other hand, it would be impossible to do the same thing to the Lyon Empire s capital . There were just too many experts within the capital, and the Dragons haven t been able to control it for a long time, so everyone in the capital was on high alert . Faced with careful Dragons, the method of sneak attack was just impossible . Therefore, there was only one way to attack the capital, it was by storming it with an army But attacking the Lyon Empire s capital was not that easy . The Lyon Empire s capital was similar to the Rosen Empire s capital . On the outskirts of the city, noble castles had been erected . Gathering all of the soldiers here would amount to no less than 200 thousand people . At the same time, the capital s garrison would number to be 500 thousand . Among those 500 thousand were 200 thousand elite troops as well as 300 thousand heavy armor infantry . Additionally, there were also 5000 lesser dragons as well as 40 Dragons . If this was just the case, then Zhao Hai can be assured that he would be able to take the capital in a short period of time . However, there were two bumps that Zhao Hai can see . First was the huge magical formation that protects the Lyon Empire . This formation had been in the capital for hundreds of years . If the Dragons didn t have people from the inside, then they wouldn t have been able to take the capital in such a short period of time .





* * *





Chapter 664 – Dark Creatures of the Underworld

The second reason was very simple . Near the Lyon Empire’s capital city were four fortresses . These fortresses stand guard near the capital city . They weren’t very far from the capital, it would only take a day for their troops to arrive by horse . In other words, Zhao Hai needed to take the capital in one day . If he failed to do so, then he would have to face both inside and outside attacks .

The four fortresses around the capital had 100 thousand troops each, all of them were cavalry . Although they weren’t the most elite cavalry of the Empire, they were still quite problematic to face .

Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of these cavalry units . He just didn’t want to face them in combat . To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t have any good impression for these cavalry . When the Dragons attacked the Lyon Empire, they didn’t do anything . After the establishment of the Saint Dragon Empire, they still remained as is while enjoying the same treatment as before . This shows that these people had already sold themselves to the Dragons .

Zhao Hai really wanted to kill these people, but the reason why he held back was the fact that these soldiers were only common soldiers of the Lyon Empire . Moreover, they weren’t just born out of stone, they had their own family members . If Zhao Hai killed these soldiers, then these family members would definitely hate him . When the time comes, a chain reaction would happen, causing chaos in the Lyon Empire, adding trouble to the current situation .

Because of these conditions, Zhao Hai didn’t want to get in a fight with the Dragons for a long time . It would be best if he were to take care of things fast .

This time, the method of sneak attack wouldn’t work . This was because ever since the Dragons had taken over the capital, they had enacted a curfew every night, and they also activated an alarm magic formation on the whole the capital during those times . This made it impossible for Zhao Hai to sneak in some assassins . Therefore, the only thing he could do was wait for





the daylight before storming the capital .

After attacking the two fortresses, Zhao Hai prepared himself to attack the Lyon Empire’s capital on the next day . However, since he still wasn’t confident in his plans, he had decided to delay it for another day .

Zhao Hai and the others discussed what they would do and finally thought of a plan that Zhao Hai felt to be feasible .

After having rested for a day in the Space, Zhao Hai immediately began to prepare the attack . Him along with Green and the others were in the Space’s living room, looking at the Lyon Empire’s capital on the monitor .

The Lyon Empire’s capital was not much worse than the Rosen Empire’s capital . After all, the Empire was still the second strongest in the continent . At this moment, there were 40 Dragons in the capital altogether . However, these Dragons weren’t grouped up, they were scattered all throughout the city . It might seem like they were dispersed in order to protect the populace, but they were doing this so that they can maintain control .

These Dragons weren’t weak, even if Zhao Hai wanted to use his previous method then it would prove impossible . There was a warning formation in place .

The Lyon Empire’s capital always had its warning formation enabled, however, the formation wasn’t as strict in the day compared to at night . It would only be activated in places where the Dragons were staying . This was exactly why Zhao Hai cannot attack in the night . Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about the Lyon Empire’s protective shield at all since the Space can just place the undead directly inside the city . However, these warning formations were the annoying ones, they simply cannot be bypassed .

At this moment, the sun had just risen, so the gates were still shut . Those commoners that wanted to do business in the capital were still barred from entering . This was also the best opportunity for Zhao Hai to attack . If these people were already in the city at the time of the attack, then they might become victims of the crossfire . But if Zhao Hai attacks before they enter the gate, then these civilian could still run in the opposite direction





direction .

Zhao Hai looked at the time, it was close to the moment where the city’s gates would open . He turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, it’s time to start . ”

Green nodded and said, “Let’s begin . We need a total of 50 cubes . Young Master, be careful in controlling them . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand and launched his attack! At this time, the skies of the Lyon Empire’s capital had suddenly turned dark . Then a large patch of dark cloud appeared . The black clouds kept rolling, making it seem like rain was going to pour soon .

But what confused the people in the city was the fact that they couldn’t hear the sounds of a thunderclap . They also didn’t feel any kind of wind that would be associated with such a cloud .

It was the garrison troops that felt something wrong first . They knew that this wasn’t any simple dark cloud, so they couldn’t help but grab their weapons .

At this time, in the middle of the cloud, a thunderous voice can be heard, “Shameless Dragon Race, since you dared to attack a Human city, then you shall be paying your sins with blood!”

As this statement fell, the dark cloud suddenly moved, turning into 50 smaller dark clouds . At this point, even idiot would notice that something was wrong about these dark clouds . Before long, the entire capital had turned into chaos . Those people who were about to leave for work immediately abandoned everything as the ran back home with the quickest speed before locking themselves up inside .

The soldiers immediately became nervous, at this time, a garrison commander suddenly shouted, “Quick, inform the generals . Open the protective formation! Sound the alarm! Give way for the Mages!”

Along with the commander’s orders, the city’s magical formation was immediately activated . Fortunately for them, the formation had just been retracted, so it was very convenient to activate it once more . When the formation came into life, a ray of yellow suddenly flashed as a hemispherical dome covered the entire capital .

However, only after the formation was placed did the soldiers notice something wrong . The formation had indeed been activated, but the dark clouds were actually included inside . This





This must be the reason why the garrison felt strange, the dark clouds were actually very close to the ground .

Seeing that the protective formation became useless, the soldiers didn’t panic immediately . At this time, the Mages that guarded the city had arrived at the wall . When they saw the dark clouds, a Light Mage face suddenly paled as he shouted, “Light Mages of all ranks, use light magic to attack . This is a Dark Mist spell of the Dark Mages!”

When this Light Mage shouted, the other Light Mages immediately took their stance and started to cast light magic towards the dark clouds .

Now that the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race had made an alliance, the Radiant Church had sent a lot of Light Mages to help the Dragons . Therefore, there were a lot of Light Mages defending the capital city right now .

As expected, the Light Mages had become useful . When their magic hit the dark clouds, they immediately started to slowly disappear . This made the garrison troops cheer .

However, the Light Mages actually think that there was no point in celebrating . They were people who completely understood Dark Mages . They knew that the Dark Mist spell was just a 1st rank magic, it had zero attack power . Its biggest use was in blocking the enemy’s sight . Therefore, dispelling the dark clouds wasn’t something remarkable .

As the dark mist slowly dissipated, the cheering garrison suddenly found themselves to be like ducks who were caught by the neck, they were suddenly jolted into silence .

This was because they saw battle formations in place of the dark clouds . This battle formation was very strange, it was because it was structured into a cube and was floating in mid air . It looks like every single cube floating in mid air is the same . The peculiar thing was that every unit in these cubes were composed of undead creatures .

Just as the Dark Mist vanished, the battle formations suddenly moved . Their gradually accelerated as they went straight to specific points in the city .

When they saw these flying formations, the garrison troops’ complexion suddenly changed . This was because those points were places where the Dragons were resting in . It

. It seems like the other party came completely prepared .

At this time, the voice came once again, “To the garrison troops, listen . I came this time to deal with the Radiant Church and the Dragons . Since they shamelessly united to usurp the Lyon Empire, I am going to eliminate all of them . I hope you won’t participate in the battle, otherwise, you will definitely be killed . ”

The garrison troops looked at the flying figures in the sky . Although they weren’t that strong, as long as they are from the Ark Continent, then they are aware what being able to fly meant . Aside from flying magic beasts, all other flying beings were 9th rank experts . Even if they haven’t heard of flying undead before, they knew that these undead were going to be trouble if they were provoked . Their ability to maintain a formation alone was enough to convince the garrison of how formidable they were . Additionally, those who commanded these undead were even more frightening .

At the same time, the garrison also found out that the voice wasn’t lying . Those flying undead were indeed specifically targeting the Dragons . Their flight direction was towards the places were the Dragons were resting in or the places where the lesser dragons were . None of the flying undead were heading towards the place where the garrison troops were .

The lead Light Mage who commanded the other Light Mages was very pale right now . The be honest, even he couldn’t remember reading about flying undead . In the history of the continent, the strongest undead that was spotted had the strength of 6th rank . The strongest creature summoned by a Dark Mage was not an undead, but instead it was a creature of the dark that came from the Underworld . This creature was extremely powerful . If one was a high-level Dark Mage, they can use a method of sacrifice in order to summon these 9th rank creatures . However, the requirements to summon such a creature was extremely high as well . After the summoning, their life force would be heavily affected . Moreover, there were also cases where the summoned dark creature turned against its own summoner .

 Chapter 664 Dark Creatures of the Underworld The second reason was very simple . Near the Lyon Empire s capital city were four fortresses . These fortresses stand guard near the capital city . They weren t very far from the capital, it would only take a day for their troops to arrive by horse . In other words, Zhao Hai needed to take the capital in one day . If he failed to do so, then he would have to face both inside and outside attacks . The four fortresses around the capital had 100 thousand troops each, all of them were cavalry . Although they weren t the most elite cavalry of the Empire, they were still quite problematic to face . Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn t afraid of these cavalry units . He just didn t want to face them in combat . To be honest, Zhao Hai didn t have any good impression for these cavalry . When the Dragons attacked the Lyon Empire, they didn t do anything . After the establishment of the Saint Dragon Empire, they still remained as is while enjoying the same treatment as before . This shows that these people had already sold themselves to the Dragons . Zhao Hai really wanted to kill these people, but the reason why he held back was the fact that these soldiers were only common soldiers of the Lyon Empire . Moreover, they weren t just born out of stone, they had their own family members . If Zhao Hai killed these soldiers, then these family members would definitely hate him . When the time comes, a chain reaction would happen, causing chaos in the Lyon Empire, adding trouble to the current situation . Because of these conditions, Zhao Hai didn t want to get in a fight with the Dragons for a long time . It would be best if he were to take care of things fast . This time, the method of sneak attack wouldn t work . This was because ever since the Dragons had taken over the capital, they had enacted a curfew every night, and they also activated an alarm magic formation on the whole the capital during those times . This made it impossible for Zhao Hai to sneak in some assassins . Therefore, the only thing he could do was wait for the daylight before storming the capital . After attacking the two fortresses, Zhao Hai prepared himself to attack the Lyon Empire s capital on the next day . However, since he still wasn t confident in his plans, he had decided to delay it for another day . Zhao Hai and the others discussed what they would do and finally thought of a plan that Zhao Hai felt to be feasible . After having rested for a day in the Space, Zhao Hai immediately began to prepare the attack . Him along with Green and the others were in the Space s living room, looking at the Lyon Empire s capital on the monitor . The Lyon Empire s capital was not much worse than the Rosen Empire s capital . After all, the Empire was still the second strongest in the continent . At this moment, there were 40 Dragons in the capital altogether . However, these Dragons weren t grouped up, they were scattered all throughout the city . It might seem like they were dispersed in order to protect the populace, but they were doing this so that they can maintain control . These Dragons weren t weak, even if Zhao Hai wanted to use his previous method then it would prove impossible . There was a warning formation in place . The Lyon Empire s capital always had its warning formation enabled, however, the formation wasn t as strict in the day compared to at night . It would only be activated in places where the Dragons were staying . This was exactly why Zhao Hai cannot attack in the night . Zhao Hai wasn t worried about the Lyon Empire s protective shield at all since the Space can just place the undead directly inside the city . However, these warning formations were the annoying ones, they simply cannot be bypassed . At this moment, the sun had just risen, so the gates were still shut . Those commoners that wanted to do business in the capital were still barred from entering . This was also the best opportunity for Zhao Hai to attack . If these people were already in the city at the time of the attack, then they might become victims of the crossfire . But if Zhao Hai attacks before they enter the gate, then these civilian could still run in the opposite direction . Zhao Hai looked at the time, it was close to the moment where the city s gates would open . He turned to Green and said, Grandpa Green, it s time to start . Green nodded and said, Let s begin . We need a total of 50 cubes . Young Master, be careful in controlling them . Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand and launched his attack At this time, the skies of the Lyon Empire s capital had suddenly turned dark . Then a large patch of dark cloud appeared . The black clouds kept rolling, making it seem like rain was going to pour soon . But what confused the people in the city was the fact that they couldn t hear the sounds of a thunderclap . They also didn t feel any kind of wind that would be associated with such a cloud . It was the garrison troops that felt something wrong first . They knew that this wasn t any simple dark cloud, so they couldn t help but grab their weapons . At this time, in the middle of the cloud, a thunderous voice can be heard, Shameless Dragon Race, since you dared to attack a Human city, then you shall be paying your sins with blood As this statement fell, the dark cloud suddenly moved, turning into 50 smaller dark clouds . At this point, even idiot would notice that something was wrong about these dark clouds . Before long, the entire capital had turned into chaos . Those people who were about to leave for work immediately abandoned everything as the ran back home with the quickest speed before locking themselves up inside . The soldiers immediately became nervous, at this time, a garrison commander suddenly shouted, Quick, inform the generals . Open the protective formation Sound the alarm Give way for the Mages Along with the commander s orders, the city s magical formation was immediately activated . Fortunately for them, the formation had just been retracted, so it was very convenient to activate it once more . When the formation came into life, a ray of yellow suddenly flashed as a hemispherical dome covered the entire capital . However, only after the formation was placed did the soldiers notice something wrong . The formation had indeed been activated, but the dark clouds were actually included inside . This must be the reason why the garrison felt strange, the dark clouds were actually very close to the ground . Seeing that the protective formation became useless, the soldiers didn t panic immediately . At this time, the Mages that guarded the city had arrived at the wall . When they saw the dark clouds, a Light Mage face suddenly paled as he shouted, Light Mages of all ranks, use light magic to attack . This is a Dark Mist spell of the Dark Mages When this Light Mage shouted, the other Light Mages immediately took their stance and started to cast light magic towards the dark clouds . Now that the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race had made an alliance, the Radiant Church had sent a lot of Light Mages to help the Dragons . Therefore, there were a lot of Light Mages defending the capital city right now . As expected, the Light Mages had become useful . When their magic hit the dark clouds, they immediately started to slowly disappear . This made the garrison troops cheer . However, the Light Mages actually think that there was no point in celebrating . They were people who completely understood Dark Mages . They knew that the Dark Mist spell was just a 1st rank magic, it had zero attack power . Its biggest use was in blocking the enemy s sight . Therefore, dispelling the dark clouds wasn t something remarkable . As the dark mist slowly dissipated, the cheering garrison suddenly found themselves to be like ducks who were caught by the neck, they were suddenly jolted into silence . This was because they saw battle formations in place of the dark clouds . This battle formation was very strange, it was because it was structured into a cube and was floating in mid air . It looks like every single cube floating in mid air is the same . The peculiar thing was that every unit in these cubes were composed of undead creatures . Just as the Dark Mist vanished, the battle formations suddenly moved . Their gradually accelerated as they went straight to specific points in the city . When they saw these flying formations, the garrison troops complexion suddenly changed . This was because those points were places where the Dragons were resting in . It seems like the other party came completely prepared . At this time, the voice came once again, To the garrison troops, listen . I came this time to deal with the Radiant Church and the Dragons . Since they shamelessly united to usurp the Lyon Empire, I am going to eliminate all of them . I hope you won t participate in the battle, otherwise, you will definitely be killed . The garrison troops looked at the flying figures in the sky . Although they weren t that strong, as long as they are from the Ark Continent, then they are aware what being able to fly meant . Aside from flying magic beasts, all other flying beings were 9th rank experts . Even if they haven t heard of flying undead before, they knew that these undead were going to be trouble if they were provoked . Their ability to maintain a formation alone was enough to convince the garrison of how formidable they were . Additionally, those who commanded these undead were even more frightening . At the same time, the garrison also found out that the voice wasn t lying . Those flying undead were indeed specifically targeting the Dragons . Their flight direction was towards the places were the Dragons were resting in or the places where the lesser dragons were . None of the flying undead were heading towards the place where the garrison troops were . The lead Light Mage who commanded the other Light Mages was very pale right now . The be honest, even he couldn t remember reading about flying undead . In the history of the continent, the strongest undead that was spotted had the strength of 6th rank . The strongest creature summoned by a Dark Mage was not an undead, but instead it was a creature of the dark that came from the Underworld . This creature was extremely powerful . If one was a high level Dark Mage, they can use a method of sacrifice in order to summon these 9th rank creatures . However, the requirements to summon such a creature was extremely high as well . After the summoning, their life force would be heavily affected . Moreover, there were also cases where the summoned dark creature turned against its own summoner .





* * *





Chapter 665 – Easily Accomplished

Although he had never heard of flying undead before, this didn’t hinder his judgement . He was sure that the strengths of these undead were surely extraordinary . Because of this, he decided to fight, the other party already stated that he was here in order to deal with the Dragons and the Radiant Church . It was for certain that Light Mages like him weren’t going to be let off .

When he thought of this, the Light Mage immediately commanded loudly, “Don’t be afraid of them . Their display is no more than deception . There is no way that they are 9th rank undead . Everyone, attack!”

But just as he shouted, he suddenly felt a pain in his chest . He lowered his head to look only to see the tip of a sword that was slowly being pulled back . With great difficulty, he turned his head and saw a black-clothed undead . As the undead slowly withdrew its rapier, the Light Mage can swear that the undead was grinning at him .

Bang! A noise suddenly sounded at the side of the Light Mage . He took effort in turning his head and found out that all of the Light Mages on the wall had an undead right behind them, and that those Light Mages were killed as well .

“We’re finished!” This was the Light Mage’s last thought .

The defenders on the wall were all startled when they saw these undead that just suddenly appeared . They wanted to attack but found themselves shaking . Even their weapons seemed to be shaking, not wanting to make an attack .

These undead assassins turned to look at the soldiers, then with a flash, their bodies floated in the air where they drifted towards something . Before long, more and more undead floated up from the walls before forming a cube, then it turned around and flew towards the city .

The soldiers on the walls were relieved . At this moment, the previous voice sounded once again, “I’m saying this again . We only came to deal with the Dragons and the Radiant Church . For the others, as long as you don’t make a move, then we won’t hurt you . If you resist,





then we will execute you immediately . ”

The soldiers looked at one another and didn’t make a move . To be honest, these soldiers didn’t have a strong sense of belonging to the Dragons . They still take themselves as people of the Lyon Empire . After all, the Lyon Imperial Family had been ruling the empire for more than a thousand years .

Since nobody took the lead, nobody made a move . Even the officers didn’t dare to make a move, they don’t want to suddenly get stabbed by a rapier . So they decided to behave themselves .

At this moment, a roar was suddenly head inside the city . Along with this initial roar, more Dragon roars can be heard from other parts of the city . The garrison troops knew that this was the sign that the Dragons have awoken . Their faces couldn’t help but pale, they didn’t know what to do . The Dragons were extremely formidable in their eyes, but the strength of these undead were terrifying as well . They didn’t know which side to pick .

With the roar of the Dragons, all of them immediately took to the skies, covering the skies of the capital with their hulking figures . Those who were timid couldn’t help but kneel on the ground, shaking .

But the garrison soon discovered that although the Dragons have appeared, they were immediately met with an attack from the flying undead . Although the group of undead formed a cube, they were still smaller than the Dragons . But at the same time, the cube of undead was more flexible than the Dragons, so when the Dragons appeared, all of them immediately went to clash with flying beasts .

In their process of flight, the formation immediately changed . Every cube formation transformed into a giant scorpion as it clashed with the Dragons .

The Dragons were also keen to meet the enemies . In the eyes of these Dragons, the undead were just like ants . They were thinking that the undead would just need to be slapped a few times before they were taken care of .

However, the moment they exchanged blows, the Dragons immediately found their mistake . They thought that the Undead were just flying because





because of a special spell by their Dark Mage, it was impossible for these undead to have 9th rank strength . This was because a 9th rank Undead hasn’t been spotted in the continent before .

But in this exchange, the Dragons discovered that the undead weren’t pretending, they really had 9th rank strength, they were 9th ranks!! This startled the Dragons .

The bodies of the Dragons were tough, an 8th rank Dragon can be compared to a Human 9th rank . At the same time, 9th rank Dragons had bodies that were extremely close to being invincible . This was exactly why the Dragons were known to be invincible .

However, even Dragons would find it impossible to withstand the attacks of several hundred 9th ranks . 9th rank Dragons might be able to withstand it, but those 8th ranks certainly couldn’t . Just as those 8th ranks clashed with the undead, they began to fall one by one .

The first dragon to fall cried out pitifully before it was knocked down by the undead . Then a clump of dark mist wrapped the Dragon before it turned into a Bone Dragon . After that, the Bone Dragon rose to the sky and joined the fight to slaughter the remaining Dragons .

The garrison troops that were on the wall saw everything that happened . They couldn’t believe what they were seeing . The almighty Dragons were actually taken down and even turned into undead . This development was completely out of their imagination . The weapons of some of them had unconsciously fallen to the ground, however, none of them were able to notice it at all .

Forty Dragons, ten of them fell first and became Bone Dragons who joined the slaughter . Before long, the 40 Dragons had been reduced to 10 . These ten Dragons were the strong 9th ranks . However, their situation had turned dangerous . With the addition of the Bone Dragons, the defenses of these 9th rank Dragons began to crack .

The suddenly, among the ten 9th rank Dragons, one of them screamed and fell from the sky . This scream smashed through the hearts of the garrison like a huge hammer . At this point, any rebellious thought that they had were completely erased





completely erased . Those who still had weapons on their hands immediately threw them away as though they were venomous snakes . All of them were staring at the skies with a pale complexion .

But these garrison troops were completely unaware that in the city’s lesser dragon compound, a massacre was happening . All of the lesser dragons and magic beasts were eradicated . At the same time, Undead were also blocking the exits of the army barracks, killing all those who wanted to resist . Additionally, when these soldiers saw that the Dragons had started to fall, their thoughts of resisting were gone . Unexpectedly, the capital had calmed down after only a short time . On the other hand, an army had formed outside the capital . There were Nobles who wanted to enter the capital in order to help . However, all of them were blocked by the city’s protective formation . The Nobles even shouted to the garrison, ordering them to deactivate the formation . But at this time, there was no garrison soldier that would dare to make a move . They just witnessed the Dragons being slaughtered as though they were chickens . If these people needlessly moved, then they would be like cockroaches that would be stepped on .

Zhao Hai calmly witnessed the battle outside . Laura and the others were sitting right beside Zhao Hai . This time, the battle plan was left to Lizzy, Megan, Green, and Kun . They had found out that the strength of the undead would be expressed to it full potential when it was in the Fishman’s cube formation . They planned to deal with the Dragons and the lesser dragons at the fastest speed . Once the Dragons fell, the other people in the Lyon Empire would naturally stop their actions .

This time, if they wanted to kill the Dragons, then they needed to do it in front of the soldiers . Only in this way can they stand up and go against the Nobles of the Lyon Empire . At the same time, it was also to inform the Nobles that the Dragons weren’t the invincible beings that the legends had stated .

From the time where the black clouds appeared up until the end of

the end of the battle, no more than three hours has passed . Forty Dragons, 5 thousand lesser dragons, nearly 100 thousand magic beasts, nearly 1 thousand people from the Radiant Church had fallen . Additionally, there were also 10 thousand defenders, 30 nobles, and 20 generals who participated in resisting . All of them were promptly killed by Zhao Hai and turned into undead . Although they were turned into the undead, their blood still flowed in the streets, painting it blood red . Especially the blood of the Dragons, there were whole residences that were turned red just by being splashed by draconic blood . The residents didn’t dare to come out of their house or even take a single step out of their door .

The fight also ruined about 200 private residences . It killed about 87 civilians while injuring 302 . But these ruined residences were immediately fixed by the undead . The injured civilians were also healed by some undead Light Mages . The undead also visited the houses of those who were affected and gave each of them a bag of coins containing no less than 1000 pieces of gold inside .

After three hours, the entire Lyon Empire’s capital had turned calm . There were no fights that happened nor was there any other disturbance . The garrison stayed in their own barracks, nobody dared to take action .

At this time, the undead that just slaughtered the dragons were forming a huge cube in the air . The Dragons, lesser dragons, and the others that were killed had also become a part of this formation . Some courageous citizens opened their windows and looked at the huge formation in the air . They were waiting for their unknown fate .

Then suddenly, the formation suddenly gave way to a red mansion . This red mansion was shackled to a Dragon as it slowly appeared in front of the formation . Then the mansion’s door opened as a man came out of it .

This person was very young and wore a Dark Mage’s robe . He looked extremely ordinary along with his average looking face . However, nobody dared to underestimate this young man . Everyone knew that this person was the one who controlled the undead!

 Chapter 665 Easily Accomplished Although he had never heard of flying undead before, this didn t hinder his judgement . He was sure that the strengths of these undead were surely extraordinary . Because of this, he decided to fight, the other party already stated that he was here in order to deal with the Dragons and the Radiant Church . It was for certain that Light Mages like him weren t going to be let off . When he thought of this, the Light Mage immediately commanded loudly, Don t be afraid of them . Their display is no more than deception . There is no way that they are 9th rank undead . Everyone, attack But just as he shouted, he suddenly felt a pain in his chest . He lowered his head to look only to see the tip of a sword that was slowly being pulled back . With great difficulty, he turned his head and saw a black clothed undead . As the undead slowly withdrew its rapier, the Light Mage can swear that the undead was grinning at him . Bang A noise suddenly sounded at the side of the Light Mage . He took effort in turning his head and found out that all of the Light Mages on the wall had an undead right behind them, and that those Light Mages were killed as well . We re finished This was the Light Mage s last thought . The defenders on the wall were all startled when they saw these undead that just suddenly appeared . They wanted to attack but found themselves shaking . Even their weapons seemed to be shaking, not wanting to make an attack . These undead assassins turned to look at the soldiers, then with a flash, their bodies floated in the air where they drifted towards something . Before long, more and more undead floated up from the walls before forming a cube, then it turned around and flew towards the city . The soldiers on the walls were relieved . At this moment, the previous voice sounded once again, I m saying this again . We only came to deal with the Dragons and the Radiant Church . For the others, as long as you don t make a move, then we won t hurt you . If you resist, then we will execute you immediately . The soldiers looked at one another and didn t make a move . To be honest, these soldiers didn t have a strong sense of belonging to the Dragons . They still take themselves as people of the Lyon Empire . After all, the Lyon Imperial Family had been ruling the empire for more than a thousand years . Since nobody took the lead, nobody made a move . Even the officers didn t dare to make a move, they don t want to suddenly get stabbed by a rapier . So they decided to behave themselves . At this moment, a roar was suddenly head inside the city . Along with this initial roar, more Dragon roars can be heard from other parts of the city . The garrison troops knew that this was the sign that the Dragons have awoken . Their faces couldn t help but pale, they didn t know what to do . The Dragons were extremely formidable in their eyes, but the strength of these undead were terrifying as well . They didn t know which side to pick . With the roar of the Dragons, all of them immediately took to the skies, covering the skies of the capital with their hulking figures . Those who were timid couldn t help but kneel on the ground, shaking . But the garrison soon discovered that although the Dragons have appeared, they were immediately met with an attack from the flying undead . Although the group of undead formed a cube, they were still smaller than the Dragons . But at the same time, the cube of undead was more flexible than the Dragons, so when the Dragons appeared, all of them immediately went to clash with flying beasts . In their process of flight, the formation immediately changed . Every cube formation transformed into a giant scorpion as it clashed with the Dragons . The Dragons were also keen to meet the enemies . In the eyes of these Dragons, the undead were just like ants . They were thinking that the undead would just need to be slapped a few times before they were taken care of . However, the moment they exchanged blows, the Dragons immediately found their mistake . They thought that the Undead were just flying because of a special spell by their Dark Mage, it was impossible for these undead to have 9th rank strength . This was because a 9th rank Undead hasn t been spotted in the continent before . But in this exchange, the Dragons discovered that the undead weren t pretending, they really had 9th rank strength, they were 9th ranks This startled the Dragons . The bodies of the Dragons were tough, an 8th rank Dragon can be compared to a Human 9th rank . At the same time, 9th rank Dragons had bodies that were extremely close to being invincible . This was exactly why the Dragons were known to be invincible . However, even Dragons would find it impossible to withstand the attacks of several hundred 9th ranks . 9th rank Dragons might be able to withstand it, but those 8th ranks certainly couldn t . Just as those 8th ranks clashed with the undead, they began to fall one by one . The first dragon to fall cried out pitifully before it was knocked down by the undead . Then a clump of dark mist wrapped the Dragon before it turned into a Bone Dragon . After that, the Bone Dragon rose to the sky and joined the fight to slaughter the remaining Dragons . The garrison troops that were on the wall saw everything that happened . They couldn t believe what they were seeing . The almighty Dragons were actually taken down and even turned into undead . This development was completely out of their imagination . The weapons of some of them had unconsciously fallen to the ground, however, none of them were able to notice it at all . Forty Dragons, ten of them fell first and became Bone Dragons who joined the slaughter . Before long, the 40 Dragons had been reduced to 10 . These ten Dragons were the strong 9th ranks . However, their situation had turned dangerous . With the addition of the Bone Dragons, the defenses of these 9th rank Dragons began to crack . The suddenly, among the ten 9th rank Dragons, one of them screamed and fell from the sky . This scream smashed through the hearts of the garrison like a huge hammer . At this point, any rebellious thought that they had were completely erased . Those who still had weapons on their hands immediately threw them away as though they were venomous snakes . All of them were staring at the skies with a pale complexion . But these garrison troops were completely unaware that in the city s lesser dragon compound, a massacre was happening . All of the lesser dragons and magic beasts were eradicated . At the same time, Undead were also blocking the exits of the army barracks, killing all those who wanted to resist . Additionally, when these soldiers saw that the Dragons had started to fall, their thoughts of resisting were gone . Unexpectedly, the capital had calmed down after only a short time . On the other hand, an army had formed outside the capital . There were Nobles who wanted to enter the capital in order to help . However, all of them were blocked by the city s protective formation . The Nobles even shouted to the garrison, ordering them to deactivate the formation . But at this time, there was no garrison soldier that would dare to make a move . They just witnessed the Dragons being slaughtered as though they were chickens . If these people needlessly moved, then they would be like cockroaches that would be stepped on . Zhao Hai calmly witnessed the battle outside . Laura and the others were sitting right beside Zhao Hai . This time, the battle plan was left to Lizzy, Megan, Green, and Kun . They had found out that the strength of the undead would be expressed to it full potential when it was in the Fishman s cube formation . They planned to deal with the Dragons and the lesser dragons at the fastest speed . Once the Dragons fell, the other people in the Lyon Empire would naturally stop their actions . This time, if they wanted to kill the Dragons, then they needed to do it in front of the soldiers . Only in this way can they stand up and go against the Nobles of the Lyon Empire . At the same time, it was also to inform the Nobles that the Dragons weren t the invincible beings that the legends had stated . From the time where the black clouds appeared up until the end of the battle, no more than three hours has passed . Forty Dragons, 5 thousand lesser dragons, nearly 100 thousand magic beasts, nearly 1 thousand people from the Radiant Church had fallen . Additionally, there were also 10 thousand defenders, 30 nobles, and 20 generals who participated in resisting . All of them were promptly killed by Zhao Hai and turned into undead . Although they were turned into the undead, their blood still flowed in the streets, painting it blood red . Especially the blood of the Dragons, there were whole residences that were turned red just by being splashed by draconic blood . The residents didn t dare to come out of their house or even take a single step out of their door . The fight also ruined about 200 private residences . It killed about 87 civilians while injuring 302 . But these ruined residences were immediately fixed by the undead . The injured civilians were also healed by some undead Light Mages . The undead also visited the houses of those who were affected and gave each of them a bag of coins containing no less than 1000 pieces of gold inside . After three hours, the entire Lyon Empire s capital had turned calm . There were no fights that happened nor was there any other disturbance . The garrison stayed in their own barracks, nobody dared to take action . At this time, the undead that just slaughtered the dragons were forming a huge cube in the air . The Dragons, lesser dragons, and the others that were killed had also become a part of this formation . Some courageous citizens opened their windows and looked at the huge formation in the air . They were waiting for their unknown fate . Then suddenly, the formation suddenly gave way to a red mansion . This red mansion was shackled to a Dragon as it slowly appeared in front of the formation . Then the mansion s door opened as a man came out of it . This person was very young and wore a Dark Mage s robe . He looked extremely ordinary along with his average looking face . However, nobody dared to underestimate this young man . Everyone knew that this person was the one who controlled the undead





* * *





Chapter 666 – Officially Declaring War

Ritchie was a Lyon Empire Merchant and was a marine trader . His business was quite well known in the Lyon Empire .

However, in the recent days, Ritchie had come to find that the changes in the Lyon Empire was beyond his understanding . First, there were the Dragons, who, with the cooperation of the Nobles, suddenly broke through the Empire and slaughtered the Lyon Imperial Family . Then the Dragons titled themselves to the the Royal Family of the Lyon Empire, renaming the Empire to Saint Dragon Empire .

Ritchie thought that the matter can only continue on like this . Everyone knew what the Dragons were . Moreover, the Buddha Empire, Rosen Empire, Aksu Empire, as well as the recently changed Radiant Empire, approved of the Dragon’s rule of the Lyon Empire . In this case, the Lyon Empire would have to be ruled by the Dragons from here on out .

In Richie’s mind, there was nothing wrong about this . Everyone knew how powerful the Dragons were, and at the same time, the had also allied themselves with the Radiant Church . Although Ritchie didn’t agree to this alliance, he was just a Merchant, he didn’t have any power to speak at all . And even if he did have the ability to voice his thoughts, he still wouldn’t do it if he wanted to live under the rule of the Dragons .

In the beginning, he didn’t find anything wrong . However, it didn’t take a long time before Ritchie knew that being ruled by the Dragons was not a good idea . The Dragons think of themselves too highly and looked down on all the Humans . In the eyes of the Dragons, Humans were just like ants . Even the lesser dragons held the same mindset . In the recent days, the Empire had already lost thousands of innocent civilians . These civilians didn’t do anything wrong, they just forgot to salute to the lesser dragons or even worse, killed just for fun .

Such overbearing attitude makes it impossible for the Dragons to gain popular sentiment . Ritchie had noticed that there were fewer and fewer people who did business in the capital . Even small Nobles didn’t dare to go out of their houses . Feasts and ballrooms disappeared, nobody was in the





mood of merrymaking .

The ones who gained the most with this situation were the Great Nobles . Although the Dragons ruled the Lyon Empire, they were still foreigners and were unfamiliar with how the Empire runs . Therefore, everything was handed over to the Great Nobles, giving them power that they had never experienced before .

This also made Ritchie scorn these Great Nobles . To be honest, Ritchie didn’t like the rule of the Dragons . They were too tyrannical, and in addition to being foreign, they also treat everyone as their slaves . In order to gain more benefits, these Great Nobles prostrate themselves in front of the Dragons . This really made Ritchie feel shame in their behaviours .

But he was just a Merchant, famous and rich yet powerless . In fact, Ritchie was afraid that the Great Nobles would do something to him . But fortunately, Ritchie had friends among these Great Nobles, so he still managed to avoid their gaze .

This day, Ritchie was prepared to go on board his ship and go out of the capital . This was because he needed to take a trip at sea, heading towards Golden Island . He was a marine trader, and which marine trader would not head to Golden Island to do business? However, just as he was about to go out, something occurred .

Ritchie’s courage wasn’t small, he had been in the sea for many years . He has seen magic beasts, pirates, and people who died on the water . Naturally, he wasn’t as afraid as the other people . This allowed him to look at all that happened with his two eyes .

It took some time after the battle until Ritchie had recovered his senses . He didn’t think that the invincible Dragons would get taken down one by one . Moreover, they were also turned into Bone Dragons after they fell .

Ritchie was standing inside the attic of his own residence as he looked out a small window and into the cube formation outside . His heart was beating loudly, he was so afraid . One must know that there were only very few individuals who were unafraid of the undead, especially powerful undead like these ones .

At this time, the undead formation suddenly moved as a Bone Dragon with a red mansion appeared in





in the sky . This mansion was completely red and seemed to be made out of a special crystal . Then a person walked out of the mansion . This person looks quite young and had a very average appearance . However, this person made Ritchie quite shocked, he knew who this person was!

This was the Lord of Golden Island, the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, called to be the Continent’s most powerful Dark Mage, the most romantically fortunate man, the richest Merchant, strongest Patriarch, and more strings of titles . This was Zhao Hai Buda!

Since he had been doing business in Golden Island, Ritchie was also given the opportunity to attend Zhao Hai’s wedding . With his own two eyes, he had seen Zhao Hai get married to his wives . Ritchie was also quite awed by Zhao Hai’s liquor . Therefore, how could he forget Zhao Hai’s face .

Seeing Zhao Hai appear stunned Ritchie . He never thought that this powerful undead army was actually commanded by Zhao Hai .

Then Zhao Hai’s mansion suddenly turned into his Staff as he walked out . He stood on the Bone Dragon’s head as he looked calmly at the Lyon Empire’s capital before he said, “Friends from the Lyon Empire, hello . I am Zhao Hai Buda, Buda Clan’s Patriarch . The reason why I came with force this time is to deal with the Dragons . The Dragons are quite shameless to usurp a Human Empire and enslave the Human Race . For me, this act is simply unforgivable . Today, I, Zhao Hai Buda, in behalf of my Buda Clan, officially declare war against the entire Dragon Race . Today, I have eliminated all the Dragons, lesser dragons, and Human traitors in the Lyon Empire’s capital . Yesterday, I also eradicated the Dragon Race’s forces on the border fortresses . And tomorrow, I shall charge towards Accra Mountains . Friends of the Lyon Empire, don’t worry, I will not violate your safety . Do not be afraid!”

With the help of magic, Zhao Hai voice had reached every corner of the capital . Every citizen inside the city were listening to Zhao Hai’s words . Many commoners opened their windows and looked up into the skies to see Zhao Hai .

Before long, people started to walk out of their houses, slowly increasing as they filled





they filled the streets . Zhao Hai calmly looked at the people and said, “I ask everyone to rest assured, I have no intention of encroaching into your Empire . I only came here to specially deal with the Dragon Race . I hope that the garrison troops will help me in keeping the capital’s peace intact . I don’t want any chaos to unfold . After that I shall open the capital’s protective formation and see the Noble army outside . As for the Noble armies, I hope that you don’t do any unnecessary movements unless you want to get hurt . ”

After that, Zhao Hai commanded his undead and slowly went towards the north gate . He also deactivated the formation as the yellow hemisphere began to disappear .

Then Zhao Hai appeared in front of the capital’s northern gate . The Noble armies outside the city were actually trembling . Although the protective formation has been removed, they still didn’t have the means to enter the city . Additionally, even if the walls had obstructed their vision, the protective shield couldn’t block sounds . This allowed them to hear Zhao Hai’s words very clearly . They also heard the noises inside and could vaguely guess what just happened .

After hearing that the Dragons and the lesser dragons were eliminated, the Great Nobles started to be afraid . The reason for the Lyon Empire’s fall had a direct relationship with them . If they haven’t sided with the Dragons, then the Empire wouldn’t have fallen to its current situation .

Zhao Hai bringing his undead and killing the Dragons meant that the Great Nobles had lost their backer . They were now waiting for Zhao Hai’s judgement .

When they noticed Zhao Hai and his sky blotting undead army, the Great Nobles wanted to run away . Upon seeing the Bone Dragon beneath Zhao Hai feet, these Great Nobles knew that the capital’s Dragons had already perished .

They understood why Zhao Hai was able to kill the Dragons in such a short time, it was because of those flying undead . However, what were those flying undead? Are they 9th ranks? Are there 9th rank undead? But even if they had their doubts, these Great Nobles still couldn’t help but believe that these undead were 9th rank . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have eliminated the Dragons in this

Dragons in this short timeframe .

The Great Nobles found their own legs to be shivering, all of them were thinking, cr*p!

Zhao Hai stood on the head of his Bone Dragon and coldly looked at the Great Nobles . He couldn’t help but snorted coldly and said, “You are traitors to Humanity for siding with the Dragons and helping them suppress our own race . I thought of executing all of you but I don’t want to do it right now . I shall head to Accra Mountain tomorrow to have a decisive battle against the Dragons . At that time, I won’t be here to manage things . Therefore, I hope that you can manage the Lyon Empire very well . Make sure to do things properly, otherwise, when I come back, I shall kill all of you!”

These Great Nobles didn’t dare to say anything right now . They knew that if they resisted for even a small bit, then they would get killed immediately .

They knew what their values were in the eyes of Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai was not short of money, he was the most famous Merchant in the continent . Moreover, he was is control of Golden Island . If he was short on money, then the Continent would have been extremely dirt poor .

At the same time, he does not lack people who would fight for him . He already had several hundred thousand undead behind him right now . And all of these undead were flying on the sky, there were 40 Bone Dragons as well as a lot of magic beasts and lesser dragons . By Zhao Hai’s present strength, he can destroy any nation with ease .

However, Zhao Hai was short in people who could manage . Now that Zhao Hai had eliminated the Dragons in the Lyon Empire, he was left with nobody to manage the Empire . If that happens, then the nation would fall into confusion, and Zhao Hai didn’t want to see this . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to keep the lives of these Great Nobles and have them manage the Empire . This was their final value in Zhao Hai’s eyes . Nobody dared to resist, all of them nodded in compliance . There were even some Nobles who bowed to Zhao Hai and swore fealty to him .

 Chapter 666 Officially Declaring War Ritchie was a Lyon Empire Merchant and was a marine trader . His business was quite well known in the Lyon Empire . However, in the recent days, Ritchie had come to find that the changes in the Lyon Empire was beyond his understanding . First, there were the Dragons, who, with the cooperation of the Nobles, suddenly broke through the Empire and slaughtered the Lyon Imperial Family . Then the Dragons titled themselves to the the Royal Family of the Lyon Empire, renaming the Empire to Saint Dragon Empire . Ritchie thought that the matter can only continue on like this . Everyone knew what the Dragons were . Moreover, the Buddha Empire, Rosen Empire, Aksu Empire, as well as the recently changed Radiant Empire, approved of the Dragon s rule of the Lyon Empire . In this case, the Lyon Empire would have to be ruled by the Dragons from here on out . In Richie s mind, there was nothing wrong about this . Everyone knew how powerful the Dragons were, and at the same time, the had also allied themselves with the Radiant Church . Although Ritchie didn t agree to this alliance, he was just a Merchant, he didn t have any power to speak at all . And even if he did have the ability to voice his thoughts, he still wouldn t do it if he wanted to live under the rule of the Dragons . In the beginning, he didn t find anything wrong . However, it didn t take a long time before Ritchie knew that being ruled by the Dragons was not a good idea . The Dragons think of themselves too highly and looked down on all the Humans . In the eyes of the Dragons, Humans were just like ants . Even the lesser dragons held the same mindset . In the recent days, the Empire had already lost thousands of innocent civilians . These civilians didn t do anything wrong, they just forgot to salute to the lesser dragons or even worse, killed just for fun . Such overbearing attitude makes it impossible for the Dragons to gain popular sentiment . Ritchie had noticed that there were fewer and fewer people who did business in the capital . Even small Nobles didn t dare to go out of their houses . Feasts and ballrooms disappeared, nobody was in the mood of merrymaking . The ones who gained the most with this situation were the Great Nobles . Although the Dragons ruled the Lyon Empire, they were still foreigners and were unfamiliar with how the Empire runs . Therefore, everything was handed over to the Great Nobles, giving them power that they had never experienced before . This also made Ritchie scorn these Great Nobles . To be honest, Ritchie didn t like the rule of the Dragons . They were too tyrannical, and in addition to being foreign, they also treat everyone as their slaves . In order to gain more benefits, these Great Nobles prostrate themselves in front of the Dragons . This really made Ritchie feel shame in their behaviours . But he was just a Merchant, famous and rich yet powerless . In fact, Ritchie was afraid that the Great Nobles would do something to him . But fortunately, Ritchie had friends among these Great Nobles, so he still managed to avoid their gaze . This day, Ritchie was prepared to go on board his ship and go out of the capital . This was because he needed to take a trip at sea, heading towards Golden Island . He was a marine trader, and which marine trader would not head to Golden Island to do business However, just as he was about to go out, something occurred . Ritchie s courage wasn t small, he had been in the sea for many years . He has seen magic beasts, pirates, and people who died on the water . Naturally, he wasn t as afraid as the other people . This allowed him to look at all that happened with his two eyes . It took some time after the battle until Ritchie had recovered his senses . He didn t think that the invincible Dragons would get taken down one by one . Moreover, they were also turned into Bone Dragons after they fell . Ritchie was standing inside the attic of his own residence as he looked out a small window and into the cube formation outside . His heart was beating loudly, he was so afraid . One must know that there were only very few individuals who were unafraid of the undead, especially powerful undead like these ones . At this time, the undead formation suddenly moved as a Bone Dragon with a red mansion appeared in the sky . This mansion was completely red and seemed to be made out of a special crystal . Then a person walked out of the mansion . This person looks quite young and had a very average appearance . However, this person made Ritchie quite shocked, he knew who this person was This was the Lord of Golden Island, the Buda Clan s Patriarch, called to be the Continent s most powerful Dark Mage, the most romantically fortunate man, the richest Merchant, strongest Patriarch, and more strings of titles . This was Zhao Hai Buda Since he had been doing business in Golden Island, Ritchie was also given the opportunity to attend Zhao Hai s wedding . With his own two eyes, he had seen Zhao Hai get married to his wives . Ritchie was also quite awed by Zhao Hai s liquor . Therefore, how could he forget Zhao Hai s face . Seeing Zhao Hai appear stunned Ritchie . He never thought that this powerful undead army was actually commanded by Zhao Hai . Then Zhao Hai s mansion suddenly turned into his Staff as he walked out . He stood on the Bone Dragon s head as he looked calmly at the Lyon Empire s capital before he said, Friends from the Lyon Empire, hello . I am Zhao Hai Buda, Buda Clan s Patriarch . The reason why I came with force this time is to deal with the Dragons . The Dragons are quite shameless to usurp a Human Empire and enslave the Human Race . For me, this act is simply unforgivable . Today, I, Zhao Hai Buda, in behalf of my Buda Clan, officially declare war against the entire Dragon Race . Today, I have eliminated all the Dragons, lesser dragons, and Human traitors in the Lyon Empire s capital . Yesterday, I also eradicated the Dragon Race s forces on the border fortresses . And tomorrow, I shall charge towards Accra Mountains . Friends of the Lyon Empire, don t worry, I will not violate your safety . Do not be afraid With the help of magic, Zhao Hai voice had reached every corner of the capital . Every citizen inside the city were listening to Zhao Hai s words . Many commoners opened their windows and looked up into the skies to see Zhao Hai . Before long, people started to walk out of their houses, slowly increasing as they filled the streets . Zhao Hai calmly looked at the people and said, I ask everyone to rest assured, I have no intention of encroaching into your Empire . I only came here to specially deal with the Dragon Race . I hope that the garrison troops will help me in keeping the capital s peace intact . I don t want any chaos to unfold . After that I shall open the capital s protective formation and see the Noble army outside . As for the Noble armies, I hope that you don t do any unnecessary movements unless you want to get hurt . After that, Zhao Hai commanded his undead and slowly went towards the north gate . He also deactivated the formation as the yellow hemisphere began to disappear . Then Zhao Hai appeared in front of the capital s northern gate . The Noble armies outside the city were actually trembling . Although the protective formation has been removed, they still didn t have the means to enter the city . Additionally, even if the walls had obstructed their vision, the protective shield couldn t block sounds . This allowed them to hear Zhao Hai s words very clearly . They also heard the noises inside and could vaguely guess what just happened . After hearing that the Dragons and the lesser dragons were eliminated, the Great Nobles started to be afraid . The reason for the Lyon Empire s fall had a direct relationship with them . If they haven t sided with the Dragons, then the Empire wouldn t have fallen to its current situation . Zhao Hai bringing his undead and killing the Dragons meant that the Great Nobles had lost their backer . They were now waiting for Zhao Hai s judgement . When they noticed Zhao Hai and his sky blotting undead army, the Great Nobles wanted to run away . Upon seeing the Bone Dragon beneath Zhao Hai feet, these Great Nobles knew that the capital s Dragons had already perished . They understood why Zhao Hai was able to kill the Dragons in such a short time, it was because of those flying undead . However, what were those flying undead Are they 9th ranks Are there 9th rank undead But even if they had their doubts, these Great Nobles still couldn t help but believe that these undead were 9th rank . Otherwise, they wouldn t have eliminated the Dragons in this short timeframe . The Great Nobles found their own legs to be shivering, all of them were thinking, cr p Zhao Hai stood on the head of his Bone Dragon and coldly looked at the Great Nobles . He couldn t help but snorted coldly and said, You are traitors to Humanity for siding with the Dragons and helping them suppress our own race . I thought of executing all of you but I don t want to do it right now . I shall head to Accra Mountain tomorrow to have a decisive battle against the Dragons . At that time, I won t be here to manage things . Therefore, I hope that you can manage the Lyon Empire very well . Make sure to do things properly, otherwise, when I come back, I shall kill all of you These Great Nobles didn t dare to say anything right now . They knew that if they resisted for even a small bit, then they would get killed immediately . They knew what their values were in the eyes of Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai was not short of money, he was the most famous Merchant in the continent . Moreover, he was is control of Golden Island . If he was short on money, then the Continent would have been extremely dirt poor . At the same time, he does not lack people who would fight for him . He already had several hundred thousand undead behind him right now . And all of these undead were flying on the sky, there were 40 Bone Dragons as well as a lot of magic beasts and lesser dragons . By Zhao Hai s present strength, he can destroy any nation with ease . However, Zhao Hai was short in people who could manage . Now that Zhao Hai had eliminated the Dragons in the Lyon Empire, he was left with nobody to manage the Empire . If that happens, then the nation would fall into confusion, and Zhao Hai didn t want to see this . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to keep the lives of these Great Nobles and have them manage the Empire . This was their final value in Zhao Hai s eyes . Nobody dared to resist, all of them nodded in compliance . There were even some Nobles who bowed to Zhao Hai and swore fealty to him .





* * *





Chapter 667 – Waiting for a Day

In the minds of these nobles, Zhao Hai’s promise to not encroach upon the Lyon Empire was simply impossible . How can a powerful person have no ambitions when placed in front a ruler-less empire?

For these nobles, Zhao Hai was actually a scorpion that wanted an archway . Therefore, the Nobles expressed their loyalty to him . Zhao Hai looked at these Nobles with no expression and said, “Remember my words, don’t play any tricks . Don’t think that the Dragons would save you . Do you think that the Dragons can deal with my hundred thousand 9th rank undead? You better behave yourselves, don’t annoy me . Any plots and schemes that you all are used to doing are all useless in front of absolute strength . If I hear any whispers of rebellion, then your Clans would need to be prepared . Remember my words!” Then with an intention, Zhao Hai vanished along with his undead army .

Zhao Hai didn’t plan to stay in Lyon Empire for too long . He wanted to prepare for his attack on Accra Mountain tomorrow . At the same time, he also wants to see the reactions of these Nobles . He knew that it would only take a short time before news of what happened reaches the ears of every Empire in the continent .

The reason why Zhao Hai showed his strength was so that he could prepare for later on . After eliminating the Dragons, Zhao Hai would then approach the Human Emperors and tell them about the Divine Race . If his strength was insufficient at that time, then those people might not believe him . Therefore, Zhao Hai showed his strength, making those people understand that he wasn’t joking .

After eliminating the Dragons, Zhao Hai’s next target would be the Radiant Church . Once Zhao Hai eliminates the Dragons, the Radiant Church would surely be aware that their plans had been exposed . When that time comes, it may be possible that they would start their operation immediately . Therefore, Zhao Hai plans to deal with the Dragons quickly before paying a visit to the Human Emperors and explain why he needed to deal with the Radiant Church . If he didn’t do this procedure, then the Human Emperors would become a headache .

The Human Emperors





wanted to see Zhao Hai deal with the Dragons, this was because the Dragons were too strong, and were going to be a threat to the Emperors’ rule . However, the same sentiment would happen to Zhao Hai . Since Zhao Hai had eliminated the Dragons, the rulers would shift their attention to him, dreading his strength in the process . If Zhao Hai deals with the Radiant Church without any explanation, then the Emperors would think that he was trying to conquer the entire continent . When that time comes, they may even think of uniting against Zhao Hai, even the Rosen Emperor would participate . This was because for any Emperor, a threat to their throne needed to be dealt with, it didn’t matter if this person was his son or his son-in-law, everything is the same .

Therefore, before dealing with the Radiant Church, Zhao Hai must establish a relationship with the rulers of the nations . He didn’t want to have the entire Human Race as his enemy .

Zhao Hai returned to the Space, but then he saw that the expressions that Laura and the others were giving to him had become different . This made Zhao Hai stare, he looked at the women and said, “What happened? Why are you looking at me strangely?”

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and chuckled, “Brother Hai, I didn’t expect you having an overbearing attitude . Unexpectedly, an overbearing Zhao Hai is actually really handsome!” Megan and the others nodded, before they all laughed .

Zhao Hai couldn’t bear to roll his eyes, then he turned to Green and Kun, “Grandpa Green, Grandpa Kun, have you given the letter to father-in-law?”

The father-in-law that Zhao Hai meant was the Rosen Emperor . Zhao Hai knew that this matter would spread soon, so he had to give the Rosen Emperor prior word . Although he can’t explain everything, after dealing with the Dragons, he would give the Emperor a personal visit .

The reason why Zhao Hai did this was due to Lizzy . Lizzy was the Emperor’s daughter, and Zhao Hai didn’t want her to feel awkward in the future . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to send a letter to the King in order to calm his mood .

Green nodded and said, “Young Master, rest assured, it has been sent out . On the other hand, the Young Master did a very good





good job . After you left, not only did those Nobles behave themselves, they also eliminated any thoughts of resistance in their minds . ”

Kun smiled as well, “That’s right . Little Hai, your exit essentially told them that you are someone with a Space Divergent Ability . This gave them confidence in your strength . One must know that Space Divergent Mages aren’t only strong in attack, their most powerful weapon is their ability to escape, it was impossible for people to catch them . Therefore, they believed that even if you can’t defeat the Dragons, you can still keep yourself quite safe . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I didn’t think of that . Right, no matter what, we still need talk about how to deal with the Dragons . I think the Dragons would be aware of my declaration of war soon . We need to sweep away their troops on the foot of the mountain before we scale it to the top . ”

Green nodded and said, “I think that the Dragons wouldn’t come even if they know what happened here . Their population isn’t a lot, and they just lost 40 of their kind in the capital . It would be impossible for them to retaliate . Moreover, even if they do want to take revenge, they wouldn’t have the time to do so . Before they leave the mountain, we would have already scaled it . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Right, also, it would be better for us to fight the Dragons right inside Accra Mountain . That way, we wouldn’t have to worry about innocent people being killed or injured . ”

At this time, Kun sighed and said, “I’m afraid the Radiant Church will have to respond when we eliminate the Dragon Race . It is possible that the Divine Race would come ahead of schedule . We still haven’t made proper preparations yet, we don’t have enough time . ”

Zhao Hai sighed as well, “We have no choice, if we don’t make our move, then the Dragons would surely get complete hold of the Lyon Empire . That would be more troublesome for us when the Divine Race comes . At that time, it would be hard to reclaim the Lyon Empire . ”

Kun nodded, then they adjusted the monitor to show Accra Mountain . The mountain was very calm, the Dragons





the Dragons simply didn’t expect that someone would actually move against them . In their view, they were invincible existences in the continent and that nobody would dare to provoke them .

It wasn’t only the Humans who were affected negatively by this title of invincibility, the Dragons had been dulled by this title as well . The Dragons had become complacent and was convinced that there were no people who would fight them . And that those warriors who dared face the Dragons were just in heroic novels and poems .

Zhao Hai carefully inspected the military barracks on the foot of Accra Mountain . This camp wasn’t very big since it mostly housed lesser dragons and magic beasts . However, Zhao Hai thinks that dealing with this military camp would be more difficult than attacking the capital of the Lyon Empire . It’s difficult because the camp was backed by the entire Accra Mountain . Although there was still some distance before the home of the Dragons, the magic beasts in the mountain would still reinforce the camp . If one were to ask about the number of magic beasts in Accra Mountain, then nobody would be able to give a confident answer . One must know that nobody has ever scaled the entire mountain before, all of them either died or retreated .

The magic beasts of Accra Mountain were under the control of the Dragon Race . As for those low-ranked beasts, even if they didn’t have any wisdom, they still had the basic animal instinct to obey the command of those more powerful than them . And in the end, the line of command would still fall into the hands of the Dragon Race .

For Zhao Hai, this was very troublesome . But Zhao Hai was not worried, the level of his undead was very high, and it was also impossible for these magic beasts to drown out his undead army . At the same time, as the fight gets longer and longer, the undead’s numbers would only get higher and higher .

The Radiant Church would have to do either two things upon receiving news, they can support the Dragons or they can directly call the Divine Race to come down . If they helped the Dragons, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t need to be afraid . However, if they were to call the Divine Race, then that

Race, then that would be quite the headache .

Attacking Accra Mountain was different from attacking the capital . When he attacked the capital, he was able to use the might of his undead to scare the minds of the garrison troops, terrifying them so much that they weren’t able to move .

On the other hand, the creatures inside Accra Mountain were magic beasts . Although the magic beasts were able to be terrified, they were still magic beasts in the end . Moreover, with their large numbers as well as the command of the Dragons, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to terrify them into submission . At this rate, it would take a few days before Zhao Hai can scale the mountain, and this was already an optimistic estimate . And in those few days, the Radiant Church would have already made their move .

Zhao Hai was frowning as he looked at the map . He was thinking about the consequences of this war and how it would affect the entire continent . Green looked at Zhao Hai and knew what he was thinking, so Green smiled faintly and said, “Young Master, there’s no need to be worried . Look, when we attack the Dragons, the people of the continent would certainly not meddle . And if the Radiant Church can really ask the Divine Race to come down immediately, then they wouldn’t have waited until now . As long as we eliminate the Dragons and unite the other four Empires, then even if the Divine Race comes, we would not be caught off-guard . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and sighed, “Let’s just hope that the Divine Race would give us some time, allowing us to eradicate the Dragons . Right, Grandpa Green, is there word from the Fishmen?” Green shook his head and said, “There’s nothing . I reckon that the Radiant Church was still unaware of what happened in the Lyon Empire’s capital, so they still weren’t able to react . However, the Young Master shouldn’t worry . The Fishmen are the real hegemons of the sea . Even if the Radiant Church is powerful, they still couldn’t contend with the Fishmen when it came to naval battles . There will be no problem . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the map on the screen and muttered, “Dragon Race, the day of your extinction has come!”

 Chapter 667 Waiting for a Day In the minds of these nobles, Zhao Hai s promise to not encroach upon the Lyon Empire was simply impossible . How can a powerful person have no ambitions when placed in front a ruler less empire For these nobles, Zhao Hai was actually a scorpion that wanted an archway . Therefore, the Nobles expressed their loyalty to him . Zhao Hai looked at these Nobles with no expression and said, Remember my words, don t play any tricks . Don t think that the Dragons would save you . Do you think that the Dragons can deal with my hundred thousand 9th rank undead You better behave yourselves, don t annoy me . Any plots and schemes that you all are used to doing are all useless in front of absolute strength . If I hear any whispers of rebellion, then your Clans would need to be prepared . Remember my words Then with an intention, Zhao Hai vanished along with his undead army . Zhao Hai didn t plan to stay in Lyon Empire for too long . He wanted to prepare for his attack on Accra Mountain tomorrow . At the same time, he also wants to see the reactions of these Nobles . He knew that it would only take a short time before news of what happened reaches the ears of every Empire in the continent . The reason why Zhao Hai showed his strength was so that he could prepare for later on . After eliminating the Dragons, Zhao Hai would then approach the Human Emperors and tell them about the Divine Race . If his strength was insufficient at that time, then those people might not believe him . Therefore, Zhao Hai showed his strength, making those people understand that he wasn t joking . After eliminating the Dragons, Zhao Hai s next target would be the Radiant Church . Once Zhao Hai eliminates the Dragons, the Radiant Church would surely be aware that their plans had been exposed . When that time comes, it may be possible that they would start their operation immediately . Therefore, Zhao Hai plans to deal with the Dragons quickly before paying a visit to the Human Emperors and explain why he needed to deal with the Radiant Church . If he didn t do this procedure, then the Human Emperors would become a headache . The Human Emperors wanted to see Zhao Hai deal with the Dragons, this was because the Dragons were too strong, and were going to be a threat to the Emperors rule . However, the same sentiment would happen to Zhao Hai . Since Zhao Hai had eliminated the Dragons, the rulers would shift their attention to him, dreading his strength in the process . If Zhao Hai deals with the Radiant Church without any explanation, then the Emperors would think that he was trying to conquer the entire continent . When that time comes, they may even think of uniting against Zhao Hai, even the Rosen Emperor would participate . This was because for any Emperor, a threat to their throne needed to be dealt with, it didn t matter if this person was his son or his son in law, everything is the same . Therefore, before dealing with the Radiant Church, Zhao Hai must establish a relationship with the rulers of the nations . He didn t want to have the entire Human Race as his enemy . Zhao Hai returned to the Space, but then he saw that the expressions that Laura and the others were giving to him had become different . This made Zhao Hai stare, he looked at the women and said, What happened Why are you looking at me strangely Laura looked at Zhao Hai and chuckled, Brother Hai, I didn t expect you having an overbearing attitude . Unexpectedly, an overbearing Zhao Hai is actually really handsome Megan and the others nodded, before they all laughed . Zhao Hai couldn t bear to roll his eyes, then he turned to Green and Kun, Grandpa Green, Grandpa Kun, have you given the letter to father in law The father in law that Zhao Hai meant was the Rosen Emperor . Zhao Hai knew that this matter would spread soon, so he had to give the Rosen Emperor prior word . Although he can t explain everything, after dealing with the Dragons, he would give the Emperor a personal visit . The reason why Zhao Hai did this was due to Lizzy . Lizzy was the Emperor s daughter, and Zhao Hai didn t want her to feel awkward in the future . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to send a letter to the King in order to calm his mood . Green nodded and said, Young Master, rest assured, it has been sent out . On the other hand, the Young Master did a very good job . After you left, not only did those Nobles behave themselves, they also eliminated any thoughts of resistance in their minds . Kun smiled as well, That s right . Little Hai, your exit essentially told them that you are someone with a Space Divergent Ability . This gave them confidence in your strength . One must know that Space Divergent Mages aren t only strong in attack, their most powerful weapon is their ability to escape, it was impossible for people to catch them . Therefore, they believed that even if you can t defeat the Dragons, you can still keep yourself quite safe . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I didn t think of that . Right, no matter what, we still need talk about how to deal with the Dragons . I think the Dragons would be aware of my declaration of war soon . We need to sweep away their troops on the foot of the mountain before we scale it to the top . Green nodded and said, I think that the Dragons wouldn t come even if they know what happened here . Their population isn t a lot, and they just lost 40 of their kind in the capital . It would be impossible for them to retaliate . Moreover, even if they do want to take revenge, they wouldn t have the time to do so . Before they leave the mountain, we would have already scaled it . Zhao Hai nodded, Right, also, it would be better for us to fight the Dragons right inside Accra Mountain . That way, we wouldn t have to worry about innocent people being killed or injured . At this time, Kun sighed and said, I m afraid the Radiant Church will have to respond when we eliminate the Dragon Race . It is possible that the Divine Race would come ahead of schedule . We still haven t made proper preparations yet, we don t have enough time . Zhao Hai sighed as well, We have no choice, if we don t make our move, then the Dragons would surely get complete hold of the Lyon Empire . That would be more troublesome for us when the Divine Race comes . At that time, it would be hard to reclaim the Lyon Empire . Kun nodded, then they adjusted the monitor to show Accra Mountain . The mountain was very calm, the Dragons simply didn t expect that someone would actually move against them . In their view, they were invincible existences in the continent and that nobody would dare to provoke them . It wasn t only the Humans who were affected negatively by this title of invincibility, the Dragons had been dulled by this title as well . The Dragons had become complacent and was convinced that there were no people who would fight them . And that those warriors who dared face the Dragons were just in heroic novels and poems . Zhao Hai carefully inspected the military barracks on the foot of Accra Mountain . This camp wasn t very big since it mostly housed lesser dragons and magic beasts . However, Zhao Hai thinks that dealing with this military camp would be more difficult than attacking the capital of the Lyon Empire . It s difficult because the camp was backed by the entire Accra Mountain . Although there was still some distance before the home of the Dragons, the magic beasts in the mountain would still reinforce the camp . If one were to ask about the number of magic beasts in Accra Mountain, then nobody would be able to give a confident answer . One must know that nobody has ever scaled the entire mountain before, all of them either died or retreated . The magic beasts of Accra Mountain were under the control of the Dragon Race . As for those low ranked beasts, even if they didn t have any wisdom, they still had the basic animal instinct to obey the command of those more powerful than them . And in the end, the line of command would still fall into the hands of the Dragon Race . For Zhao Hai, this was very troublesome . But Zhao Hai was not worried, the level of his undead was very high, and it was also impossible for these magic beasts to drown out his undead army . At the same time, as the fight gets longer and longer, the undead s numbers would only get higher and higher . The Radiant Church would have to do either two things upon receiving news, they can support the Dragons or they can directly call the Divine Race to come down . If they helped the Dragons, then Zhao Hai wouldn t need to be afraid . However, if they were to call the Divine Race, then that would be quite the headache . Attacking Accra Mountain was different from attacking the capital . When he attacked the capital, he was able to use the might of his undead to scare the minds of the garrison troops, terrifying them so much that they weren t able to move . On the other hand, the creatures inside Accra Mountain were magic beasts . Although the magic beasts were able to be terrified, they were still magic beasts in the end . Moreover, with their large numbers as well as the command of the Dragons, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to terrify them into submission . At this rate, it would take a few days before Zhao Hai can scale the mountain, and this was already an optimistic estimate . And in those few days, the Radiant Church would have already made their move . Zhao Hai was frowning as he looked at the map . He was thinking about the consequences of this war and how it would affect the entire continent . Green looked at Zhao Hai and knew what he was thinking, so Green smiled faintly and said, Young Master, there s no need to be worried . Look, when we attack the Dragons, the people of the continent would certainly not meddle . And if the Radiant Church can really ask the Divine Race to come down immediately, then they wouldn t have waited until now . As long as we eliminate the Dragons and unite the other four Empires, then even if the Divine Race comes, we would not be caught off guard . Zhao Hai nodded and sighed, Let s just hope that the Divine Race would give us some time, allowing us to eradicate the Dragons . Right, Grandpa Green, is there word from the Fishmen Green shook his head and said, There s nothing . I reckon that the Radiant Church was still unaware of what happened in the Lyon Empire s capital, so they still weren t able to react . However, the Young Master shouldn t worry . The Fishmen are the real hegemons of the sea . Even if the Radiant Church is powerful, they still couldn t contend with the Fishmen when it came to naval battles . There will be no problem . Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the map on the screen and muttered, Dragon Race, the day of your extinction has come





* * *





Chapter 668 – Removed from the Continent!

And just as Zhao Hai thought, the news of his attack on the Lyon Empire’s capital had swept through the entire continent, shocking everyone who heard of it!

From ancient times to the present, Dragons were synonymous with invincibility . There might be no need to say it, but what are Dragons? They were the most fearful existence in the continent . Some commoners even think of them as gods . And stories of people slaying Dragons only came up in stories and songs . However, in the history of the continent, there were actually instances where the Dragons were slaughtered .

Of course, among these Dragons slayers were Humans . But this fact had been erased in the Human records by the Radiant Church . This was to ensure that the Humans would forever fear the invincible Dragons . This would made them hesitate to fight these beasts of the sky .

It was like two warriors of the same strength preparing for a duel, one warrior had a normal status while the other was renowned throughout the land . In this case, the first warrior would find it hard to face his opponent . Some might prevail due to their courage, but not everyone had a strong heart and mind .

When the Empires of the continent heard this news, their first reaction was disbelief . This news must be fake, how could someone kill a Dragon, moreover, forty of them? This was completely unbelievable .

But when confirmation came, the Empires had a mixed reaction . The Radiant Empire had become chaotic, they couldn’t describe what they were feeling . The Dragons were their ally, but now, their ally had been attacked . This made them stare blankly for a moment .

The first reaction of the Buddha Empire was shock, and after that was silence . They didn’t know how to react to this news .

The Lyon Empire has been destroyed by the Dragons, who then established the Saint Dragon Empire, which itself caught them by surprise . However, because of the Dragons’ reputation, they had to recognize their sovereignty to the Empire . But now that Zhao Hai fought the Dragons, and even openly declared war against them, the Buddha Empire caught





themselves unaware of what to do . They didn’t know whether they would help Zhao Hai and deal with the Dragons, or help the Dragons and deal with Zhao Hai .

The Buddha Empire didn’t have the courage to fight the Dragons . But on the other hand, they cannot justify making war with Zhao Hai . After all, Zhao Hai was fighting the Dragons, and they cannot help another race deal with a Human . The Buddha Empire was confused!

And at this moment, there were two things that was on the table of the Rosen Emperor . One was the information about Zhao Hai and the Dragons, and the other was Zhao Hai’s letter to him .

The Emperor was just sitting there, reading the report and the switching to Zhao Hai’s letter . After some time, he still didn’t know what to say or what to do .

The Rosen Emperor had a feeling of loss when it comes to this son-in-law of his . Zhao Hai seemed to be someone with zero ambition . He continued to stay on his own Island and just did business . Even though his relations to the various races in the continent was good, he still didn’t express any great thoughts . This made the Emperor quite satisfied with Zhao Hai .

But just when the Emperor thought that Zhao Hai really didn’t want to do anything grand, this piece of report came . Zhao Hai had waged war with the Dragons and already slaughtered 40 of them . This made the Rosen Emperor utterly speechless .

And at this time, the Rosen Emperor received Zhao Hai’s letter . In this letter, Zhao Hai said that his current action was not to usurp the Lyon Empire’s Domain . And that he has something that he was unable to say right now . Zhao Hai stated that he would pay the Rosen Emperor a personal visit after he had dealt with the Dragon Race .

This letter didn’t just contained Zhao Hai’s words, Lizzy gave her thoughts as well . The Emperor knew this since he could recognize Lizzy’s handwriting .

When the Emperor looked at the letter, he couldn’t help but sigh, then with a low voice he said, “What do you think I should





should do?”

Then a voice was heard that said, “You wait!’

The Emperor sighed and said, “Alright, then we’ll wait . It seems like that is the only thing we could do . ” Naturally, the person that he had spoken to was his Dead Adviser . This was a person that never showed himself and just kept hiding in the shadows .

Under the anticipation of the continent, the day passed by . Everyone was paying attention to Accra Mountain . All of them wanted to know if Zhao Hai would really go to war with the Dragons .

On the other hand, the lesser dragon camp at the foot of the mountain was completely unaware about all of this . All of the influences in the continent had their own means of acquiring information, and this didn’t exempt the Dragons . Moreover, the Radiant Church were their allies, so even if the Dragons weren’t able to send their scouts, the Radiant Church would surely send word . However, nothing came that night, everything seems to be very normal . The mountain spent their night just like they had in the nights before .

Yesterday, although Zhao Hai was resting in the Space, he actually didn’t idle himself . Surrounding the lesser dragon camp was a large net . This net wasn’t to monitor the lesser dragons, but this was to intercept any news and information that was heading towards the lesser dragon camp .

Zhao Hai must make sure that the Dragons were unable to get any news . At the same time, Zhao Hai wanted to see which people were sending word back to Accra Mountain .

Zhao Hai’s efforts weren’t wasted, he had captured 15 people who wanted to report the news to the Dragons . Only five of them were from the Radiant Church . As for the other 10, they were sent by the Great Nobles of the Lyon Empire . It seems like the Nobles were gambling . They submitted to Zhao Hai, causing no trouble back in the capital, but also handing information over to the Dragons so that the Dragons wouldn’t be offended . So later on, whether which side wins, they can still find a way to save themselves . But unfortunately for them, their lives





their lives were already forfeit, Zhao Hai would never let them off .

After resting for a day, Zhao Hai’s mind and body had recovered to peak condition, he felt like he can deal with anything at this time . After having breakfast inside the Space, Zhao Hai and the others went out of the Space and stood on the back of a Bone Dragon . Then Zhao Hai turned his Staff into a mansion before having the undead form a cube formation . Then the massive army started to head towards the lesser dragon camp .

This time, Zhao Hai was not planning on hiding themselves . They exhibited their full might as they slowly pressed forward . And in a war, this display was even more frightening . The pressure that one would feel would be no less than a mountain’s pressure .

Currently, there were millions of undead creatures in Zhao Hai’s arsenal . Many of them were from the sea, but after becoming undead, all of these marine undead can now fight on land, without even affecting their strength . Zhao Hai released all of them, millions of 9th rank undead started to appear and form a very large cube formation which slowly approached the lesser dragon camp .

The lesser dragons also noticed the millions of undead that was heading towards them . These undead were in a strange formation that they had not seen before, this really surprised the lesser dragons .

The lesser dragon army was horrified as it stared at the approaching army . Seeing these flying undead in the skies made their whole bodies tremble .

The lesser dragons quickly sent a letter to the Dragons, asking for immediate reinforcements . Then the lesser dragon army started to form a defensive formation . At this point, they had zero confidence in attacking . After seeing this army composed of millions of undead, only stupid oneswould have the courage to attack .

Zhao Hai’s speed was not fast, they took their time in approaching the enemy camp . Zhao Hai thought that if they were to give pressure to the lesser dragons, then they must make sure to affect them in the worst possible way .

At this time, a loud Dragon’s roar was heard from inside the lesser dragon

the lesser dragon camp . Then ten Dragons appeared as they couldn’t bear it anymore and turned into their true Dragon form before flying to the sky . They stopped at the camp’s sky as they looked at the undead that were slowly closing in .

And then, a golden Dragon with two long knife-like curved horns opened its mouth and said in a thunderous voice, “What are you doing here, friend? Are you aware that this is the Dragon Race’s territory?”

When the Dragon finished talking, the huge cube formation slowly fluctuated . Then a Bone Dragon with a red mansion on its back slowly surfaced . The the Bone Dragon stopped about 100 meters away before a young man came out of the mansion . Naturally, this man was Zhao Hai, he looked at the Golden Dragon and sneered, “Of course I know that this is the Dragon Race’s domain . If this wasn’t the Dragon’s domain, then why would I even come . What’s wrong, you can’t recognize me?”

When the Dragon saw Zhao Hai, his pupils couldn’t help but shrink as he said, “Zhao Hai, you are Zhao Hai? You should be dead at sea . Did you kill the people that we sent to the Sea Dragons?”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “You Dragons are surely arrogant . Do you think that nobody would be able to kill you? Hahaha, too funny! Not only did I eliminate your people back in the sea, I also eliminated every one of your clansmen in the Lyon Empire’s capital . From this day forward, the Dragons would be removed from the Continent!”

A huge roar suddenly came out of the Dragon’s mouth . He looked at Zhao Hai with red eyes and yelled, “You arrogant ant! You think you are strong just because you killed some Dragons? I want to see how you plan to deal with us!”

Zhao Hai sneered and said, “No need to keep talking, dog of the Divine Race . I am more than qualified to claim my superiority . Come see my recent collection . ” Then more than forty Dragons flew out of the cube formation . These Bone Dragons had been lined up by Zhao Hai . All of them had fiery eyes that coldly stared at the still living Dragons .

 Chapter 668 Removed from the Continent And just as Zhao Hai thought, the news of his attack on the Lyon Empire s capital had swept through the entire continent, shocking everyone who heard of it From ancient times to the present, Dragons were synonymous with invincibility . There might be no need to say it, but what are Dragons They were the most fearful existence in the continent . Some commoners even think of them as gods . And stories of people slaying Dragons only came up in stories and songs . However, in the history of the continent, there were actually instances where the Dragons were slaughtered . Of course, among these Dragons slayers were Humans . But this fact had been erased in the Human records by the Radiant Church . This was to ensure that the Humans would forever fear the invincible Dragons . This would made them hesitate to fight these beasts of the sky . It was like two warriors of the same strength preparing for a duel, one warrior had a normal status while the other was renowned throughout the land . In this case, the first warrior would find it hard to face his opponent . Some might prevail due to their courage, but not everyone had a strong heart and mind . When the Empires of the continent heard this news, their first reaction was disbelief . This news must be fake, how could someone kill a Dragon, moreover, forty of them This was completely unbelievable . But when confirmation came, the Empires had a mixed reaction . The Radiant Empire had become chaotic, they couldn t describe what they were feeling . The Dragons were their ally, but now, their ally had been attacked . This made them stare blankly for a moment . The first reaction of the Buddha Empire was shock, and after that was silence . They didn t know how to react to this news . The Lyon Empire has been destroyed by the Dragons, who then established the Saint Dragon Empire, which itself caught them by surprise . However, because of the Dragons reputation, they had to recognize their sovereignty to the Empire . But now that Zhao Hai fought the Dragons, and even openly declared war against them, the Buddha Empire caught themselves unaware of what to do . They didn t know whether they would help Zhao Hai and deal with the Dragons, or help the Dragons and deal with Zhao Hai . The Buddha Empire didn t have the courage to fight the Dragons . But on the other hand, they cannot justify making war with Zhao Hai . After all, Zhao Hai was fighting the Dragons, and they cannot help another race deal with a Human . The Buddha Empire was confused And at this moment, there were two things that was on the table of the Rosen Emperor . One was the information about Zhao Hai and the Dragons, and the other was Zhao Hai s letter to him . The Emperor was just sitting there, reading the report and the switching to Zhao Hai s letter . After some time, he still didn t know what to say or what to do . The Rosen Emperor had a feeling of loss when it comes to this son in law of his . Zhao Hai seemed to be someone with zero ambition . He continued to stay on his own Island and just did business . Even though his relations to the various races in the continent was good, he still didn t express any great thoughts . This made the Emperor quite satisfied with Zhao Hai . But just when the Emperor thought that Zhao Hai really didn t want to do anything grand, this piece of report came . Zhao Hai had waged war with the Dragons and already slaughtered 40 of them . This made the Rosen Emperor utterly speechless . And at this time, the Rosen Emperor received Zhao Hai s letter . In this letter, Zhao Hai said that his current action was not to usurp the Lyon Empire s Domain . And that he has something that he was unable to say right now . Zhao Hai stated that he would pay the Rosen Emperor a personal visit after he had dealt with the Dragon Race . This letter didn t just contained Zhao Hai s words, Lizzy gave her thoughts as well . The Emperor knew this since he could recognize Lizzy s handwriting . When the Emperor looked at the letter, he couldn t help but sigh, then with a low voice he said, What do you think I should do Then a voice was heard that said, You wait The Emperor sighed and said, Alright, then we ll wait . It seems like that is the only thing we could do . Naturally, the person that he had spoken to was his Dead Adviser . This was a person that never showed himself and just kept hiding in the shadows . Under the anticipation of the continent, the day passed by . Everyone was paying attention to Accra Mountain . All of them wanted to know if Zhao Hai would really go to war with the Dragons . On the other hand, the lesser dragon camp at the foot of the mountain was completely unaware about all of this . All of the influences in the continent had their own means of acquiring information, and this didn t exempt the Dragons . Moreover, the Radiant Church were their allies, so even if the Dragons weren t able to send their scouts, the Radiant Church would surely send word . However, nothing came that night, everything seems to be very normal . The mountain spent their night just like they had in the nights before . Yesterday, although Zhao Hai was resting in the Space, he actually didn t idle himself . Surrounding the lesser dragon camp was a large net . This net wasn t to monitor the lesser dragons, but this was to intercept any news and information that was heading towards the lesser dragon camp . Zhao Hai must make sure that the Dragons were unable to get any news . At the same time, Zhao Hai wanted to see which people were sending word back to Accra Mountain . Zhao Hai s efforts weren t wasted, he had captured 15 people who wanted to report the news to the Dragons . Only five of them were from the Radiant Church . As for the other 10, they were sent by the Great Nobles of the Lyon Empire . It seems like the Nobles were gambling . They submitted to Zhao Hai, causing no trouble back in the capital, but also handing information over to the Dragons so that the Dragons wouldn t be offended . So later on, whether which side wins, they can still find a way to save themselves . But unfortunately for them, their lives were already forfeit, Zhao Hai would never let them off . After resting for a day, Zhao Hai s mind and body had recovered to peak condition, he felt like he can deal with anything at this time . After having breakfast inside the Space, Zhao Hai and the others went out of the Space and stood on the back of a Bone Dragon . Then Zhao Hai turned his Staff into a mansion before having the undead form a cube formation . Then the massive army started to head towards the lesser dragon camp . This time, Zhao Hai was not planning on hiding themselves . They exhibited their full might as they slowly pressed forward . And in a war, this display was even more frightening . The pressure that one would feel would be no less than a mountain s pressure . Currently, there were millions of undead creatures in Zhao Hai s arsenal . Many of them were from the sea, but after becoming undead, all of these marine undead can now fight on land, without even affecting their strength . Zhao Hai released all of them, millions of 9th rank undead started to appear and form a very large cube formation which slowly approached the lesser dragon camp . The lesser dragons also noticed the millions of undead that was heading towards them . These undead were in a strange formation that they had not seen before, this really surprised the lesser dragons . The lesser dragon army was horrified as it stared at the approaching army . Seeing these flying undead in the skies made their whole bodies tremble . The lesser dragons quickly sent a letter to the Dragons, asking for immediate reinforcements . Then the lesser dragon army started to form a defensive formation . At this point, they had zero confidence in attacking . After seeing this army composed of millions of undead, only stupid oneswould have the courage to attack . Zhao Hai s speed was not fast, they took their time in approaching the enemy camp . Zhao Hai thought that if they were to give pressure to the lesser dragons, then they must make sure to affect them in the worst possible way . At this time, a loud Dragon s roar was heard from inside the lesser dragon camp . Then ten Dragons appeared as they couldn t bear it anymore and turned into their true Dragon form before flying to the sky . They stopped at the camp s sky as they looked at the undead that were slowly closing in . And then, a golden Dragon with two long knife like curved horns opened its mouth and said in a thunderous voice, What are you doing here, friend Are you aware that this is the Dragon Race s territory When the Dragon finished talking, the huge cube formation slowly fluctuated . Then a Bone Dragon with a red mansion on its back slowly surfaced . The the Bone Dragon stopped about 100 meters away before a young man came out of the mansion . Naturally, this man was Zhao Hai, he looked at the Golden Dragon and sneered, Of course I know that this is the Dragon Race s domain . If this wasn t the Dragon s domain, then why would I even come . What s wrong, you can t recognize me When the Dragon saw Zhao Hai, his pupils couldn t help but shrink as he said, Zhao Hai, you are Zhao Hai You should be dead at sea . Did you kill the people that we sent to the Sea Dragons Zhao Hai laughed and said, You Dragons are surely arrogant . Do you think that nobody would be able to kill you Hahaha, too funny Not only did I eliminate your people back in the sea, I also eliminated every one of your clansmen in the Lyon Empire s capital . From this day forward, the Dragons would be removed from the Continent A huge roar suddenly came out of the Dragon s mouth . He looked at Zhao Hai with red eyes and yelled, You arrogant ant You think you are strong just because you killed some Dragons I want to see how you plan to deal with us Zhao Hai sneered and said, No need to keep talking, dog of the Divine Race . I am more than qualified to claim my superiority . Come see my recent collection . Then more than forty Dragons flew out of the cube formation . These Bone Dragons had been lined up by Zhao Hai . All of them had fiery eyes that coldly stared at the still living Dragons .





* * *





Chapter 669 – Rout!

When the Dragon saw the Bones Dragons, his eyes couldn’t help but shrink before his expression turned into anger . He knew that these Bone Dragons were his clansmen . They were killed and then turned into these undead creatures . For a majestic Dragon to become like this and were used to deal with their own Race, the arrogant Golden Dragon naturally wouldn’t be able to tolerate it .

When Zhao Hai saw the Dragon’s expression, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “You can’t accept your people being turned to these Bone Dragons? Alright, I’ll change their appearances . I think you will like it . ” Then he waved his hand as a black gas slowly engulfed the Bone Dragons . When the gas dissipated, the Bones Dragons looked totally different .

This time, the Dragon’s eyes shrunk again, and his anger flared up once more . This was because the Bone Dragons had become real Dragons . One couldn’t see any wounds in their bodies, their scales were also shining . They also had bodies that exuded pure strength . The Dragon knew that his people had become zombies, they still had their original bodily functions, but they were still undead .

This was also the reason why the Dragon’s anger had flared up . The mighty Dragons had been turned into toys by a Human, this was completely unforgivable!

The Dragon faced the sky and roared out loud before he said, “This is unforgivable! How dare you treat the Dragons like this! Face your death!” Then he flapped both of his winds and charged . The other Dragons behind him roared as well before following the Golden Dragon’s lead .

Zhao Hai actually laughed when he saw this and said, “You Dragons had always bathed on your unwarranted reputation . Get ready to become reduced to a mere mention in history!” The he waved his hand as 40 Zombie Dragons charged, clashing with the ten Dragons from earlier .

The 40 colossal Dragons that were fighting in the skies attracted the attention of all the lesser Dragons . They didn’t think that they would face someone that dared to challenge the formidable Dragons . In the entire Accra Mountain, there wasn’t anybody that would face a Dragon . In the continent, there wasn’t anyone who would dare claim that the status of the Dragons was fake . The lesser dragons had always thought that the Dragons





were unparalleled beneath the Heavens . When the Dragons begin to act, there would be no on who would be able to stop them . And yet, there was this lunatic, a lunatic that actually managed to slaughter Dragons!

There was nothing wrong with this description, in the eyes of the lesser dragons, Zhao Hai was truly a lunatic that wanted to kill the Dragons . But the strength this madman had startled the lesser dragons, the Dragons themselves were quite shocked as well .

How much power can these Zombie Dragons really dish out? How can they be on par with real Dragons? However, when they clashed, the living Dragons had discovered that these Zombie Dragons weren’t weaker than them, they were stronger!

What was the feeling of being besieged by forty people that were stronger then themselves? At this moment, the living Dragons knew that the only thing they could do was to defend against the assault of the Forty Zombie Dragons . They were zero chances for them to counter-attack .

Zhao Hai didn’t idle, he looked down at the lesser dragons and coldly said, “You don’t need to just stand there, you join my undead army!” Then he gave a signal as Megan and Lizzy commanded the undead army to send divisions to assault the lesser dragon army .

The lesser dragons went into a commotion . They were afraid and had felt pressure when the undead came . But since they still had the Dragons on their backs to assume command, they believed that they can resist any attackers . This was the impression that the Dragons had given them after all these years . In their opinion, Dragons were invincible!

But from what they saw, the ten Dragons had no way to retaliate against the forty assaulting Dragons . It was only a matter of time before they lost their lives . So at this time, the pressure that Zhao Hai’s army brought to them have been amplified . They even had a faint sense of panic starting to well up from inside of them .

If this was in the past few days, the Dragons would’ve come and slapped the enemy two times, and stabilize the army . Unfortunately, those Dragons were being mauled by zombies right now, they weren’t in the capacity to calm the lesser Dragons .

Zhao Hai also made arrangements on this matter . In total, Zhao Hai had collected 42 Dragons between the battle in the capital as





as well as in the attack against the two border fortresses . At this point, 40 of those Dragons were fighting then ten Dragons of the other side . One of the Dragons was carrying his mansion, leaving him with one that was free to use . Zhao Hai sent that remaining Dragon to attack the lesser dragon army!

One has to recognize how ruthless Zhao Hai’s move was . These lesser dragons were completely afraid of the Dragons, seeing this one Dragon heading their way didn’t help their panic!

When the Dragon charged towards them, many lesser dragons began to scream, threw their weapons away and then turned around towards the mountain . They had completely lost the will and courage to fight .

Zhao Hai who currently sat on his house on the back of the Dragon, actually smiled . His high-profile manner earlier was a preparation for this . He wanted to make the enemy think that he was a madman . Even if one had the resilience of bamboo, they would still be terrified of a lunatic . This was because lunatics were completely unreasonable .

Slaughter was not something that Zhao Hai loved, he just wanted to achieve his own goals . And sometimes, in order to achieve these goals, slaughter was an unavoidable method . However, there were also moments where slaughter was not necessary .

When an army is afraid of an enemy, deserters would eventually crop up . And when a deserter comes out, more deserters would follow suit . These deserters would form a chain reaction and would finally end in the defeat of the entire army . This was the case for the lesser dragon army right now .

Their sole mental pillar were the Dragons, who gave them the courage to face against any enemy . However, if these Dragons were to disappear, then their mental strength would sharply drop .

The rout of the lesser dragons also affected the Dragons . This was a mental matter, it had nothing to do with strength . These Dragons also wanted to escape, but this kind of mentality further plunges them to the jaws of defeat!

A Dragon was killed, then turned into a Zombie Dragon, who charged towards its own ally . Then another Dragon was killed, which also joined the Zombie Dragons . This cycle continued until the courage of the remaining Dragons reached rock bottom . They had completely lost hope in





hope in living .

However, weren’t really left with no choice of retaliation . They still have their secret technique . This technique was called Heavenly Tempest . This was a type of sacrificial technique . The Dragons can use their flesh and blood as fuel, along with their souls in order to create a huge explosion . The might of this explosion was extremely strong, when a Dragon decided to self-destruct, it was possible for it to kill ten other Dragons . This technique was passed over to them by the Divine Race .

The remaining Dragons were now inclined to use this technique, but unfortunately for them, they were against Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai was a very practical person, he didn’t like to waste time . If he was against an enemy, he would kill them in one stroke, if there was no need to use tricks . What was the need to play cat and mouse? This game might look like one was playing around with a defeated enemy . But for Zhao Hai, this was just akin to teaching the mouse to the point where the cat doesn’t pose a threat anymore .

When one goes against the enemy with the mindset of playing with them, then it was possible that the one who would die was you . An act of desperation wasn’t a joke . A cornered rabbit can still bite you . As long as a bamboo was not killed, it can still pose threat to you, not to mention an enemy like the Dragon Race .

After the inferior dragons retreated, Zhao Hai didn’t pursue them but instead directed his whole undead army to clean the remaining Dragons . Just as the Dragons were prepared to take their own lives, they were suddenly drowned out by an army of undead before they themselves joined this army .

Zhao Hai and the others had conquered the camp on the foot of Accra Mountain quite easily . The next thing that they needed to do was to head up the mountain and attack the Dragon’s den, Dragon Peak!

The main reason why Zhao Hai and the others planned to have all of the lesser dragons rout was because there was a nearby Human settlement . The Accra Mountain was a haven for adventurers . Every single day, an innumerable amount adventurers went here in order to seek fortune . Their main purpose was to hunt and kill magic

and kill magic beasts, at the same time, they were also hoping to come across a dead adventurer’s belongings .

An adventurer was high-risk profession, especially for those that were in Accra Mountain . Although they were only on the outskirts of the mountain, there was still a possibility of meeting a high-level magic beast and get killed . Because of their life always being in a precarious state, these adventurers always brought their properties with them . And with the high rate of fatality in the mountain, there were tales of lucky adventurers coming across the properties of a dead person and becoming rich overnight . Although this situation was rare, it still managed to shake the adventurers of the continent . All of them started in participating in this scavenger hunt .

It was like lottery, everyone thinks that they were the lucky ones when the buy it, but the real prize can only be obtained by very few .

Because of the amount of adventurers going to Accra Mountain, they managed to build a huge community for them in a corner of the mountain .

This town was the closest supply point in Accra Mountain . There were a lot of people who came here every year to try their luck, making the town very prosperous .

However, the adventurers didn’t have a great time in the recent days . The Dragons controlled the Lyon Empire in a quick manner and had built a military camp at the foot of the mountain . The camp was not too far from the town, and most importantly, the lesser dragons had prohibited them from hunting magic beasts in the mountain . The adventurers in the town had no choice but to eat their reserve rations every day . At the same time, they were also hoping that the Dragons would revoke this order .

This was because the people that were in the town weren’t only those who were seeking wealth, there were also some criminals among them . This was due to the town being close to Accra Mountain, not even the Lyon Empire’s army dared to come here . Therefore, this place was also a haven for wanted people wherein they can enjoy their freedom . And even if the army came, they can just run towards the mountain and wait it out . They didn’t dare to leave the town and go to another lest they risk themselves being arrested .

 Chapter 669 Rout When the Dragon saw the Bones Dragons, his eyes couldn t help but shrink before his expression turned into anger . He knew that these Bone Dragons were his clansmen . They were killed and then turned into these undead creatures . For a majestic Dragon to become like this and were used to deal with their own Race, the arrogant Golden Dragon naturally wouldn t be able to tolerate it . When Zhao Hai saw the Dragon s expression, he couldn t help but laugh and said, You can t accept your people being turned to these Bone Dragons Alright, I ll change their appearances . I think you will like it . Then he waved his hand as a black gas slowly engulfed the Bone Dragons . When the gas dissipated, the Bones Dragons looked totally different . This time, the Dragon s eyes shrunk again, and his anger flared up once more . This was because the Bone Dragons had become real Dragons . One couldn t see any wounds in their bodies, their scales were also shining . They also had bodies that exuded pure strength . The Dragon knew that his people had become zombies, they still had their original bodily functions, but they were still undead . This was also the reason why the Dragon s anger had flared up . The mighty Dragons had been turned into toys by a Human, this was completely unforgivable The Dragon faced the sky and roared out loud before he said, This is unforgivable How dare you treat the Dragons like this Face your death Then he flapped both of his winds and charged . The other Dragons behind him roared as well before following the Golden Dragon s lead . Zhao Hai actually laughed when he saw this and said, You Dragons had always bathed on your unwarranted reputation . Get ready to become reduced to a mere mention in history The he waved his hand as 40 Zombie Dragons charged, clashing with the ten Dragons from earlier . The 40 colossal Dragons that were fighting in the skies attracted the attention of all the lesser Dragons . They didn t think that they would face someone that dared to challenge the formidable Dragons . In the entire Accra Mountain, there wasn t anybody that would face a Dragon . In the continent, there wasn t anyone who would dare claim that the status of the Dragons was fake . The lesser dragons had always thought that the Dragons were unparalleled beneath the Heavens . When the Dragons begin to act, there would be no on who would be able to stop them . And yet, there was this lunatic, a lunatic that actually managed to slaughter Dragons There was nothing wrong with this description, in the eyes of the lesser dragons, Zhao Hai was truly a lunatic that wanted to kill the Dragons . But the strength this madman had startled the lesser dragons, the Dragons themselves were quite shocked as well . How much power can these Zombie Dragons really dish out How can they be on par with real Dragons However, when they clashed, the living Dragons had discovered that these Zombie Dragons weren t weaker than them, they were stronger What was the feeling of being besieged by forty people that were stronger then themselves At this moment, the living Dragons knew that the only thing they could do was to defend against the assault of the Forty Zombie Dragons . They were zero chances for them to counter attack . Zhao Hai didn t idle, he looked down at the lesser dragons and coldly said, You don t need to just stand there, you join my undead army Then he gave a signal as Megan and Lizzy commanded the undead army to send divisions to assault the lesser dragon army . The lesser dragons went into a commotion . They were afraid and had felt pressure when the undead came . But since they still had the Dragons on their backs to assume command, they believed that they can resist any attackers . This was the impression that the Dragons had given them after all these years . In their opinion, Dragons were invincible But from what they saw, the ten Dragons had no way to retaliate against the forty assaulting Dragons . It was only a matter of time before they lost their lives . So at this time, the pressure that Zhao Hai s army brought to them have been amplified . They even had a faint sense of panic starting to well up from inside of them . If this was in the past few days, the Dragons would ve come and slapped the enemy two times, and stabilize the army . Unfortunately, those Dragons were being mauled by zombies right now, they weren t in the capacity to calm the lesser Dragons . Zhao Hai also made arrangements on this matter . In total, Zhao Hai had collected 42 Dragons between the battle in the capital as well as in the attack against the two border fortresses . At this point, 40 of those Dragons were fighting then ten Dragons of the other side . One of the Dragons was carrying his mansion, leaving him with one that was free to use . Zhao Hai sent that remaining Dragon to attack the lesser dragon army One has to recognize how ruthless Zhao Hai s move was . These lesser dragons were completely afraid of the Dragons, seeing this one Dragon heading their way didn t help their panic When the Dragon charged towards them, many lesser dragons began to scream, threw their weapons away and then turned around towards the mountain . They had completely lost the will and courage to fight . Zhao Hai who currently sat on his house on the back of the Dragon, actually smiled . His high profile manner earlier was a preparation for this . He wanted to make the enemy think that he was a madman . Even if one had the resilience of bamboo, they would still be terrified of a lunatic . This was because lunatics were completely unreasonable . Slaughter was not something that Zhao Hai loved, he just wanted to achieve his own goals . And sometimes, in order to achieve these goals, slaughter was an unavoidable method . However, there were also moments where slaughter was not necessary . When an army is afraid of an enemy, deserters would eventually crop up . And when a deserter comes out, more deserters would follow suit . These deserters would form a chain reaction and would finally end in the defeat of the entire army . This was the case for the lesser dragon army right now . Their sole mental pillar were the Dragons, who gave them the courage to face against any enemy . However, if these Dragons were to disappear, then their mental strength would sharply drop . The rout of the lesser dragons also affected the Dragons . This was a mental matter, it had nothing to do with strength . These Dragons also wanted to escape, but this kind of mentality further plunges them to the jaws of defeat A Dragon was killed, then turned into a Zombie Dragon, who charged towards its own ally . Then another Dragon was killed, which also joined the Zombie Dragons . This cycle continued until the courage of the remaining Dragons reached rock bottom . They had completely lost hope in living . However, weren t really left with no choice of retaliation . They still have their secret technique . This technique was called Heavenly Tempest . This was a type of sacrificial technique . The Dragons can use their flesh and blood as fuel, along with their souls in order to create a huge explosion . The might of this explosion was extremely strong, when a Dragon decided to self destruct, it was possible for it to kill ten other Dragons . This technique was passed over to them by the Divine Race . The remaining Dragons were now inclined to use this technique, but unfortunately for them, they were against Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai was a very practical person, he didn t like to waste time . If he was against an enemy, he would kill them in one stroke, if there was no need to use tricks . What was the need to play cat and mouse This game might look like one was playing around with a defeated enemy . But for Zhao Hai, this was just akin to teaching the mouse to the point where the cat doesn t pose a threat anymore . When one goes against the enemy with the mindset of playing with them, then it was possible that the one who would die was you . An act of desperation wasn t a joke . A cornered rabbit can still bite you . As long as a bamboo was not killed, it can still pose threat to you, not to mention an enemy like the Dragon Race . After the inferior dragons retreated, Zhao Hai didn t pursue them but instead directed his whole undead army to clean the remaining Dragons . Just as the Dragons were prepared to take their own lives, they were suddenly drowned out by an army of undead before they themselves joined this army . Zhao Hai and the others had conquered the camp on the foot of Accra Mountain quite easily . The next thing that they needed to do was to head up the mountain and attack the Dragon s den, Dragon Peak The main reason why Zhao Hai and the others planned to have all of the lesser dragons rout was because there was a nearby Human settlement . The Accra Mountain was a haven for adventurers . Every single day, an innumerable amount adventurers went here in order to seek fortune . Their main purpose was to hunt and kill magic beasts, at the same time, they were also hoping to come across a dead adventurer s belongings . An adventurer was high risk profession, especially for those that were in Accra Mountain . Although they were only on the outskirts of the mountain, there was still a possibility of meeting a high level magic beast and get killed . Because of their life always being in a precarious state, these adventurers always brought their properties with them . And with the high rate of fatality in the mountain, there were tales of lucky adventurers coming across the properties of a dead person and becoming rich overnight . Although this situation was rare, it still managed to shake the adventurers of the continent . All of them started in participating in this scavenger hunt . It was like lottery, everyone thinks that they were the lucky ones when the buy it, but the real prize can only be obtained by very few . Because of the amount of adventurers going to Accra Mountain, they managed to build a huge community for them in a corner of the mountain . This town was the closest supply point in Accra Mountain . There were a lot of people who came here every year to try their luck, making the town very prosperous . However, the adventurers didn t have a great time in the recent days . The Dragons controlled the Lyon Empire in a quick manner and had built a military camp at the foot of the mountain . The camp was not too far from the town, and most importantly, the lesser dragons had prohibited them from hunting magic beasts in the mountain . The adventurers in the town had no choice but to eat their reserve rations every day . At the same time, they were also hoping that the Dragons would revoke this order . This was because the people that were in the town weren t only those who were seeking wealth, there were also some criminals among them . This was due to the town being close to Accra Mountain, not even the Lyon Empire s army dared to come here . Therefore, this place was also a haven for wanted people wherein they can enjoy their freedom . And even if the army came, they can just run towards the mountain and wait it out . They didn t dare to leave the town and go to another lest they risk themselves being arrested .





* * *





Chapter 670 – Being Ruthless

It is for this reason that there were a lot of people in this town . All of these people had seen a true Dragon get slaughtered, this was where the true legend began .

The reason why Zhao Hai intimidated the lesser dragons intro retreating was exactly this small town .

No matter who lived in this town, Zhao Hai didn’t intend to have innocents die in his war . Therefore, he used methods to collapse the minds of the lesser dragons so that they wouldn’t fight and cause a ruckus at the foot of the mountain . After all, a lot of Humans could get caught in the chaos .

Because the small town was quite near the lesser dragon camp, all of the adventurers were fortunate enough to witness Zhao Hai’s war against the Dragon race .

To be honest, this cannot be called a war, it was more inclined to be a one-sided slaughter . However, this slaughter was something that made the eyes of the adventurers light up . One must know that what Zhao Hai just killed were Dragons . These were beings that were deemed to be invincible by the continent . On this day, a Human actually managed to eliminate these invincible beings . Along with their bright eyes, their hearts were burning as well .

After Zhao Hai eliminated the ten Dragons, he didn’t stay, instead, he commanded his undead army and dashed through Accra Mountain . His cube formation didn’t change, the same cube was now climbing up accra mountain .

Upon seeing this, the adventurers in the town started to get daring . When Zhao Hai led his undead army to chase the lesser dragons, these adventurers also went out of the town and followed behind the undead army as they climbed up Accra Mountain .

They didn’t have the thought of picking up some cheap things . In their minds, if they weren’t able to see such a magnificent scene, then it would be quite a shame . As long as they can witness what happened in the mountain, then they can brag about it in the capital . And bragging was the most favorite activity of these adventurers .

Zhao Hai didn’t care about these adventurers, although he had discovered that they had followed behind him, he didn’t have the time to take care of





them . If these guys wanted to follow, then they can do what they want . If these guys wanted to die, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t stop them .

At this time, Zhao Hai didn’t want to divert his attention . What he faces against were the Dragons . He might have been able to defeat a lot of them in the previous battles, but the Dragons were still existences that survived for tens of thousands of years . And they had nested in Accra Mountain in the same amount of time . Zhao Hai had no idea about their full strength . This was the reason why Zhao Hai didn’t become complacent when faced with these Dragons, it was not yet time to celebrate .

When Zhao Hai’s undead army entered the Accra Mountain, he can immediately feel the difference between here and the camp at the bottom of the mountain . Back in the military camp, there were only lesser dragons and not so much magic beasts . But when they were routed to Accra Mountain, there were magic beasts everywhere . Now, these magic beasts had become frantic, it didn’t matter which rank they were, all of them were throwing themselves towards Zhao Hai’s direction . In this case, Zhao Hai reckoned that the cube formation was not quite suitable in scaling the mountain . Therefore, Zhao Hai gave a command, collapsing the cube formation and turned it into fine sand as it poured over the mountain .

The crazy battle started, Zhao Hai has also come down from the back of the Bone Dragon and entered into Alien . The Bone Dragons were still flying in the sky since there were also flying beasts that needed to be taken care of . Those flying magic beasts weren’t weak, so Zhao Hai just let the Bone Dragons attract their attention while the main army were dealing with the beasts on the ground .

This was simply a screen killing . In the outskirts of Accra Mountain, there were no high-level beasts . Zhao Hai didn’t know what methods the lesser dragons used, but they had made all of the magic beasts in the mountain crazily attack Zhao Hai’s army . This made Zhao Hai’s movement difficult, very difficult .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t turn those low-level magic beasts into undead . It was because there





there was no need to do so, their levels were just too low and their bodies were too small . Although the magic beasts, blue eyed rabbits, long tailed chickens and the like, were frantically attacking the undead, how could they deal damage with their small strength . Even if the undead just stood there, these beasts wouldn’t be able to move them .

These beasts were just too small, and even if Zhao Hai were to make them into undead, they wouldn’t be very useful . At the same time, Zhao Hai also left those beasts for the adventurers who were trailing him . He hoped that these adventurers would take those magic beasts and leave Accra Mountain . In this way, the unnecessary casualties would be a little smaller .

Zhao Hai had disassembled the entire cube formation, but this didn’t mean that each undead was alone . They were still divided into squads of 500 people, coordinating with each other as they advanced .

Accra Mountain was just too big, and it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to let all of his undead go alone . If they were along and were to suffer multiple attacks by the Dragons, then Zhao Hai’s losses wouldn’t be very small . Therefore, Zhao Hai had them group into units of 500 each in order to deal with this problem . They would have enough power to block the Dragons then, after all, they were still 9th ranks and the Space’s undead were still able to think for themselves and know how to face the enemy .

However, this arrangement slowed their advance . After all, the amount of crazy magic beasts were colossal . Nobody knew how many magic beasts there were inside Accra Mountain, and all of those magic beasts were now crazily charging towards Zhao Hai . It was quite a scary sight, if the opponent wasn’t Zhao Hai, then they would’ve been unable to attack .

Zhao Hai and his army advanced step by step before the corpses of these magic beasts . Whether it be those who were flying, walking, or even digging holes, every single beast was going after the invading army . Zhao Hai had no other choice but to kill them in order to progress . Every patch of ground that Zhao Hai and his army walked on were completely painted with blood .





blood .

The adventurers who followed behind Zhao Hai were shocked at the number of magic beasts corpses that they had come across . Although these were common magic beasts of the continent and were things that might not even deserve killing, the sheer numbers present at this time truly made these adventurers startled .

However, these adventurers didn’t have any Space Equipments to keep the corpses . And the most important thing in their minds right now was to witness the battle and not to collect beast corpses . Therefore, most of them ignored the corpses and continued to scale the mountain, following Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to pay attention to these adventurers . At this moment, Cai’er suddenly thought of something as she approached Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, since these adventurers don’t want the corpses, how about we store them instead? No matter what, they are still meat . We cannot have only grain in the later war, otherwise, the soldiers would be malnourished . ”

When Zhao Hai heard Cai’er, he turned his head towards the adventurers and discovered that the corpses were left in the ground . Some of them who came across higher levelled magic beasts only took their magic crystal before continuing forward .

After he saw this situation, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh and said, “Alright, go send those corpses to the Space where they won’t rot . When we run out of meat later, then we’ll eat those . ”

Green laughed and said, “We really don’t lack meat, but we might as well get more . What I’m afraid of was the Accra Mountain losing all of its magic beasts and become a dead mountain . ”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “These magic beasts are under the control of the Dragons . If they weren’t killed right now, then the Dragons can command them to attack the Humans later on . That is the terrifying thing . Just think, blue eyed rabbits and long-tailed chickens blotting out the skies as they charge towards a Human army . That would be very dangerous, so why don’t we just use them as food?”[1]

Green and the others nodded, they knew that Zhao Hai was right in saying so . These magic beasts might look harmless but if they were to crazily attack the Humans one day, then they would become terrifying .

become terrifying . Just thinking about a rabid rabbit charging towards you and then tearing away your flesh, that thought alone would make people shake .

Instead of waiting for that time, then Zhao Hai might as well deal with those magic beasts ahead of time . After all, they can also gain military rations along the way .

The reason why Green and the others were assured that the magic beasts would be killed was the fact the army that they commanded weren’t composed of people, they were all undead . And have you heard of a terrified undead? No . The undead had no emotions, even if they were faced with these numbers of magic beasts, even if they were to rush in front of a Dragon, all they would do was hold on to their weapons properly and then immediately attack, it was that simple .

The undead were undead, even if they were capable of thinking, they will never disobey their master . Zhao Hai’s command was to kill all of the enemies . Whether they be magic beasts or dragons, they will do it . Even if they were intelligent and were capable of rational thought, they still wouldn’t interrupt Zhao Hai’s order .

A group of people with no fear was terrifying . It was because of this that Green and the others were confident that these undeads could eliminate every beast that came to attack them . If this was a Human army, then it would be an impossible feat . In the face of overwhelming beast frenzy, they will be too scared to use all of their strength . In the end, they would only be drowned by the enemy .

Zhao Hai and the others didn’t fly directly towards Dragon’s peak but just pushed forward step by step . This was not because Zhao Hai was bloodthirsty and wanted to kill the magic beasts of the mountain ,instead, he was worried .

Zhao Hai had complete confidence in dealing with the Dragons . However, he couldn’t say the same if the Dragons were to escape . If Dragons were to escape, then they can just return to Accra Mountain and establish their magic beast army once more . When that time comes, Zhao Hai would have another headache to deal with .

I could recall the rat apocalypse in Coiling Dragon haha  Chapter 670 Being Ruthless It is for this reason that there were a lot of people in this town . All of these people had seen a true Dragon get slaughtered, this was where the true legend began . The reason why Zhao Hai intimidated the lesser dragons intro retreating was exactly this small town . No matter who lived in this town, Zhao Hai didn t intend to have innocents die in his war . Therefore, he used methods to collapse the minds of the lesser dragons so that they wouldn t fight and cause a ruckus at the foot of the mountain . After all, a lot of Humans could get caught in the chaos . Because the small town was quite near the lesser dragon camp, all of the adventurers were fortunate enough to witness Zhao Hai s war against the Dragon race . To be honest, this cannot be called a war, it was more inclined to be a one sided slaughter . However, this slaughter was something that made the eyes of the adventurers light up . One must know that what Zhao Hai just killed were Dragons . These were beings that were deemed to be invincible by the continent . On this day, a Human actually managed to eliminate these invincible beings . Along with their bright eyes, their hearts were burning as well . After Zhao Hai eliminated the ten Dragons, he didn t stay, instead, he commanded his undead army and dashed through Accra Mountain . His cube formation didn t change, the same cube was now climbing up accra mountain . Upon seeing this, the adventurers in the town started to get daring . When Zhao Hai led his undead army to chase the lesser dragons, these adventurers also went out of the town and followed behind the undead army as they climbed up Accra Mountain . They didn t have the thought of picking up some cheap things . In their minds, if they weren t able to see such a magnificent scene, then it would be quite a shame . As long as they can witness what happened in the mountain, then they can brag about it in the capital . And bragging was the most favorite activity of these adventurers . Zhao Hai didn t care about these adventurers, although he had discovered that they had followed behind him, he didn t have the time to take care of them . If these guys wanted to follow, then they can do what they want . If these guys wanted to die, then Zhao Hai wouldn t stop them . At this time, Zhao Hai didn t want to divert his attention . What he faces against were the Dragons . He might have been able to defeat a lot of them in the previous battles, but the Dragons were still existences that survived for tens of thousands of years . And they had nested in Accra Mountain in the same amount of time . Zhao Hai had no idea about their full strength . This was the reason why Zhao Hai didn t become complacent when faced with these Dragons, it was not yet time to celebrate . When Zhao Hai s undead army entered the Accra Mountain, he can immediately feel the difference between here and the camp at the bottom of the mountain . Back in the military camp, there were only lesser dragons and not so much magic beasts . But when they were routed to Accra Mountain, there were magic beasts everywhere . Now, these magic beasts had become frantic, it didn t matter which rank they were, all of them were throwing themselves towards Zhao Hai s direction . In this case, Zhao Hai reckoned that the cube formation was not quite suitable in scaling the mountain . Therefore, Zhao Hai gave a command, collapsing the cube formation and turned it into fine sand as it poured over the mountain . The crazy battle started, Zhao Hai has also come down from the back of the Bone Dragon and entered into Alien . The Bone Dragons were still flying in the sky since there were also flying beasts that needed to be taken care of . Those flying magic beasts weren t weak, so Zhao Hai just let the Bone Dragons attract their attention while the main army were dealing with the beasts on the ground . This was simply a screen killing . In the outskirts of Accra Mountain, there were no high level beasts . Zhao Hai didn t know what methods the lesser dragons used, but they had made all of the magic beasts in the mountain crazily attack Zhao Hai s army . This made Zhao Hai s movement difficult, very difficult . However, Zhao Hai didn t turn those low level magic beasts into undead . It was because there was no need to do so, their levels were just too low and their bodies were too small . Although the magic beasts, blue eyed rabbits, long tailed chickens and the like, were frantically attacking the undead, how could they deal damage with their small strength . Even if the undead just stood there, these beasts wouldn t be able to move them . These beasts were just too small, and even if Zhao Hai were to make them into undead, they wouldn t be very useful . At the same time, Zhao Hai also left those beasts for the adventurers who were trailing him . He hoped that these adventurers would take those magic beasts and leave Accra Mountain . In this way, the unnecessary casualties would be a little smaller . Zhao Hai had disassembled the entire cube formation, but this didn t mean that each undead was alone . They were still divided into squads of 500 people, coordinating with each other as they advanced . Accra Mountain was just too big, and it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to let all of his undead go alone . If they were along and were to suffer multiple attacks by the Dragons, then Zhao Hai s losses wouldn t be very small . Therefore, Zhao Hai had them group into units of 500 each in order to deal with this problem . They would have enough power to block the Dragons then, after all, they were still 9th ranks and the Space s undead were still able to think for themselves and know how to face the enemy . However, this arrangement slowed their advance . After all, the amount of crazy magic beasts were colossal . Nobody knew how many magic beasts there were inside Accra Mountain, and all of those magic beasts were now crazily charging towards Zhao Hai . It was quite a scary sight, if the opponent wasn t Zhao Hai, then they would ve been unable to attack . Zhao Hai and his army advanced step by step before the corpses of these magic beasts . Whether it be those who were flying, walking, or even digging holes, every single beast was going after the invading army . Zhao Hai had no other choice but to kill them in order to progress . Every patch of ground that Zhao Hai and his army walked on were completely painted with blood . The adventurers who followed behind Zhao Hai were shocked at the number of magic beasts corpses that they had come across . Although these were common magic beasts of the continent and were things that might not even deserve killing, the sheer numbers present at this time truly made these adventurers startled . However, these adventurers didn t have any Space Equipments to keep the corpses . And the most important thing in their minds right now was to witness the battle and not to collect beast corpses . Therefore, most of them ignored the corpses and continued to scale the mountain, following Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai didn t have the mood to pay attention to these adventurers . At this moment, Cai er suddenly thought of something as she approached Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, since these adventurers don t want the corpses, how about we store them instead No matter what, they are still meat . We cannot have only grain in the later war, otherwise, the soldiers would be malnourished . When Zhao Hai heard Cai er, he turned his head towards the adventurers and discovered that the corpses were left in the ground . Some of them who came across higher levelled magic beasts only took their magic crystal before continuing forward . After he saw this situation, Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh and said, Alright, go send those corpses to the Space where they won t rot . When we run out of meat later, then we ll eat those . Green laughed and said, We really don t lack meat, but we might as well get more . What I m afraid of was the Accra Mountain losing all of its magic beasts and become a dead mountain . Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, These magic beasts are under the control of the Dragons . If they weren t killed right now, then the Dragons can command them to attack the Humans later on . That is the terrifying thing . Just think, blue eyed rabbits and long tailed chickens blotting out the skies as they charge towards a Human army . That would be very dangerous, so why don t we just use them as food 1 Green and the others nodded, they knew that Zhao Hai was right in saying so . These magic beasts might look harmless but if they were to crazily attack the Humans one day, then they would become terrifying . Just thinking about a rabid rabbit charging towards you and then tearing away your flesh, that thought alone would make people shake . Instead of waiting for that time, then Zhao Hai might as well deal with those magic beasts ahead of time . After all, they can also gain military rations along the way . The reason why Green and the others were assured that the magic beasts would be killed was the fact the army that they commanded weren t composed of people, they were all undead . And have you heard of a terrified undead No . The undead had no emotions, even if they were faced with these numbers of magic beasts, even if they were to rush in front of a Dragon, all they would do was hold on to their weapons properly and then immediately attack, it was that simple . The undead were undead, even if they were capable of thinking, they will never disobey their master . Zhao Hai s command was to kill all of the enemies . Whether they be magic beasts or dragons, they will do it . Even if they were intelligent and were capable of rational thought, they still wouldn t interrupt Zhao Hai s order . A group of people with no fear was terrifying . It was because of this that Green and the others were confident that these undeads could eliminate every beast that came to attack them . If this was a Human army, then it would be an impossible feat . In the face of overwhelming beast frenzy, they will be too scared to use all of their strength . In the end, they would only be drowned by the enemy . Zhao Hai and the others didn t fly directly towards Dragon s peak but just pushed forward step by step . This was not because Zhao Hai was bloodthirsty and wanted to kill the magic beasts of the mountain ,instead, he was worried . Zhao Hai had complete confidence in dealing with the Dragons . However, he couldn t say the same if the Dragons were to escape . If Dragons were to escape, then they can just return to Accra Mountain and establish their magic beast army once more . When that time comes, Zhao Hai would have another headache to deal with . I could recall the rat apocalypse in Coiling Dragon haha





* * *





Chapter 671 – Transformation?

This kind of worry was not without reason . The Dragons had been in Accra Mountain for so many years . It can be said that the entire mountain had become their root . They didn’t care if people come and attacked the magic beasts, this was because the adventurers can only kill those inferior magic beasts, so it wouldn’t really affect their core strength . Moreover, if these adventurers were to come here to hunt and kill magic beasts, then the Empires of the continent wouldn’t place their attention to the mountain .

If the Dragons really turn the Accra Mountain into their exclusive place, then the Empires of the continent will definitely pay attention to it . This was because the geographical position of Accra Mountain was too important . The mountain was part of the Lyon Empire, a small region of it was part of the Buddha Empire, it was also bordered with the Dwarves and the Elves . In this case, if the Accra Mountains become a completely different kingdom, then these forces would definitely not agree to it .

Therefore, the Dragons allowed the Humans to enter and kill magic beasts in the mountain . Not only could it not affect their strength, they can also use this opportunity to observe and get information out of them . And they did this very successfully .

In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t want to be ruthless towards the magic beasts . But ever since he discovered that even the powerless blue eyed rabbits and long tailed chicken were frantically attacking him, Zhao Hai decided to remove them from the mountain . At the very least, they wouldn’t be a threat in the future .

The Dragon race’s control over the Accra Mountain was incomparably strong, one can prove this point just by seeing the blue eyed rabbits and the long tailed chickens . This can also be proven when one looks back in time to the point where the Dragons dealt with the Lyon Empire . The Lyon Empire’s main force was their cavalry, and their mounts were all taken from Accra Mountain . When the Dragons made their move against the Lyon Empire, these magic beast mounts rebelled .

However, the Dragons were unable to command the magic beasts of other people,





or a magic beasts’ beast subordinates . They couldn’t just terrify those magic beasts, and even if they were terrified, they still wouldn’t frantically attack the Humans . This was also the reason why Zhao Hai didn’t fly directly towards Dragon’s Peak and just advanced slowly on the ground, attacking each and every magic beast that they had come across .

One the other hand, the adventurers that were following Zhao Hai felt that they were going crazy . Every inch of Accra Mountain was completely red, the blood of the magic beasts already gave the mountain a scarlet color .

Zhao Hai looked at everything with a calm expression . He wasn’t killing people this time, so he didn’t have much of a burden on his conscience . He felt the same as when a person slaughters a pig . Except for some special people, there weren’t a lot of people who would sympathize with the pigs . Most people would just think about how delicious the pork would be .

Although the magic beast attacks were very fierce, they didn’t have even a point of coordination . All of them were just rushing over to Zhao Hai . The arrival of these magic beasts only gave Zhao Hai’s side more food for the future .

Green looked at the frantic beasts and sighed, “It seems like our decision to deal with the Dragons is correct . If the Divine Race came and the dragons controlled these magic beasts, then the Human armies would certainly suffer huge consequences . ”

While speaking about it, Green’s face couldn’t help but turn ugly . He was imagining how that scenario would turn out to be .

Kun sighed and said, “Right, the two seeds that the Divine Race had left behind were indeed terrifying . One was the Radiant Church, who used religion to control the population . And then there was the Dragon Race, who used their status to control an innumerable amount of magic beasts . If these magic beasts were like the magic beasts in other places, then they surely won’t obey the Dragons . But since the Dragons had lived in Accra mountain for too long, they were now regarded by the beasts as gods, even those who had no wisdom had sided themselves to the Dragons .





. If the Divine Race did come, then they would have an army that wasn’t afraid of death . With the strength of the Dragons as well as the logistical might of the Radiant Church, as well as the God-rank expert’s leadership, what kind of situation would we be facing?”

Zhao Hai sneered and said, “Even if we didn’t come and deal with the Dragons, we can still take care of them in the future, albeit being more costly in our part . But since we will eliminate them right now, this will only hasten the Radiant Church’s action, there wouldn’t be any major changes in our situation . ”

Green and Kun both sighed, even if they defeat the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race, they would still suffer some disadvantages in facing the Divine Race . After all, those two forces were seeds that the Divine Race planted in the continent . Their influence and impact had already been felt and applied to the continent from their many years of operation .

Fortunately, Zhao Hai has the Space, which provided him with effective weapons in the form of the undead . Otherwise, whether it be the Radiant Church or the Dragons, they would be able to drown out Zhao Hai’s forces .

The speed that Zhao Hai advanced wasn’t fast, the magic beasts were just too crazy . It was possible that this flood of beasts wouldn’t stop . It was great that the undead didn’t get tired and weren’t lenient in killing the magic beasts . The cold slaughter was still going on .

While the slaughter was continuing, Zhao Hai and the others were now coming across higher level magic beasts . Compared to before, when they were mostly getting 1st-ranks, they were now getting 2nd and 3rd rank magic beasts .

While Zhao Hai and the others were paying attention to the magic beasts, they weren’t truly focused on the fight . Instead, they were discussing on possible methods that the Dragons would attack them later on .

Zhao Hai was quite worried about the attack of the Dragon Race . After all, this was Accra Mountain, the domain of the Dragons . Even with something like the Space’s monitor, Zhao Hai would still need to be careful .

At this time, Zhao Hai felt that the skies outside had





outside had slowly become dark . Zhao Hai stared, then was stunned when he figured it out . The skied had turned dark, it meant that a day has passed!

Upon seeing that the magic beast attack was still going on, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but breath in a cold air as he said, “We had been fighting for a day? These magic beasts are crazy . Did the Dragons drug them? Cai’er, what kind of drug is in these magic beasts?!”

Cai’er shook her head and said, “There’s no drug, Young Master . These magic beasts didn’t ingest anything . I already scanned the corpses that we had acquired before, they were all clean . ”

Zhao Hai was stunned, he looked at Green and said, “This is too crazy . Can Dragons really control the beasts to this degree? I have to ask what is going on . ” Then Zhao Hai called a Dragon over and said, “Can you go back to your Human form?”

The Dragon nodded, then his appearance changed and slowly turned into a person . This Dragon was the same as the previous ones that he had seen before . He was also wearing a robe that was made out of their own scales .

At this time, a prompt was then heard from the Space, “Transformation ability discovered in Cyborg beings . Extracting ability . Applying ability to all Cyborg-type beings . Application is complete . ”

Zhao Hai gawked, he didn’t think that the Space could actually withdraw the Dragon’s ability to transform . At the same time, it also applied it to all the undead . Does this mean that the undead now have a Human form?

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai lost his drive to ask the Dragon about the state of the magic beasts . He took the Dragon and Alien to the Space . Then he came out of the Space and looked at Alien, “Alien, can you change into your human form?”

Alien’s human-like eyes looked at Zhao Ha, . then he shook his head . It seems like it didn’t know how to do it . So Zhao Hai turned to the Dragon and said, “What do you do when you want to go to your human form?”

The Dragon answered immediately, “Young Master, there’s no special method . As

. As long as you think that you want to be in your human form, then that would be enough . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Alien and said, “Alien, just think that you want to be human . Understood?” Alien nodded, it seems like it understood Zhao Hai .

Then Zhao Hai saw that Alien’s figure started to shake, and then it shrank . The bones on Alien’s body shrunk as well . In the end, Zhao Hai can see a person with full body armor in front of him . The man was two meters in height, his armor was red and had spikes on them . One can understand at one glance that this person was strong . However, this person didn’t wear his headpiece, revealing his skeleton face .

Zhao Hai took a few laps to examine this man in front of him . He had discovered that Alien had turned into a real Human with a human structure . He didn’t have any tail or extra appendages . This made Zhao Hai feel quite happy .

However, when he saw Alien’s face, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alien, turn into a human, not a skeleton . Do it, quick, I want to see how you look . ”

Alien nodded, then a white light flashed . After the light retreated, Zhao Hai saw a warrior wearing red clothes . This guy was very tall and looked quite strong . He had an ugly and terrifying face, he was also bad, he didn’t look like good person at all .

Zhao Hai looked at the new and odd Alien and said, “Alien, where’s your body armor? You can’t wear it in this form?”

Alien looked perplexed as he shook his head, then using spiritual communication, he sent, “I don’t know, Young Master . Isn’t it fine this way?”

Zhao Hai knit his brows, he was quite confused . At this time, the Dragon opened its mouth and said, “Young Master, it seems like Alien’s previous form was just like the Dragon Race’s battle form . Maybe this was the reason . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then he clapped his hand and said, “So its like that . It seems like the undead can also get into three forms . This is good . ”

 Chapter 671 Transformation This kind of worry was not without reason . The Dragons had been in Accra Mountain for so many years . It can be said that the entire mountain had become their root . They didn t care if people come and attacked the magic beasts, this was because the adventurers can only kill those inferior magic beasts, so it wouldn t really affect their core strength . Moreover, if these adventurers were to come here to hunt and kill magic beasts, then the Empires of the continent wouldn t place their attention to the mountain . If the Dragons really turn the Accra Mountain into their exclusive place, then the Empires of the continent will definitely pay attention to it . This was because the geographical position of Accra Mountain was too important . The mountain was part of the Lyon Empire, a small region of it was part of the Buddha Empire, it was also bordered with the Dwarves and the Elves . In this case, if the Accra Mountains become a completely different kingdom, then these forces would definitely not agree to it . Therefore, the Dragons allowed the Humans to enter and kill magic beasts in the mountain . Not only could it not affect their strength, they can also use this opportunity to observe and get information out of them . And they did this very successfully . In the past, Zhao Hai didn t want to be ruthless towards the magic beasts . But ever since he discovered that even the powerless blue eyed rabbits and long tailed chicken were frantically attacking him, Zhao Hai decided to remove them from the mountain . At the very least, they wouldn t be a threat in the future . The Dragon race s control over the Accra Mountain was incomparably strong, one can prove this point just by seeing the blue eyed rabbits and the long tailed chickens . This can also be proven when one looks back in time to the point where the Dragons dealt with the Lyon Empire . The Lyon Empire s main force was their cavalry, and their mounts were all taken from Accra Mountain . When the Dragons made their move against the Lyon Empire, these magic beast mounts rebelled . However, the Dragons were unable to command the magic beasts of other people, or a magic beasts beast subordinates . They couldn t just terrify those magic beasts, and even if they were terrified, they still wouldn t frantically attack the Humans . This was also the reason why Zhao Hai didn t fly directly towards Dragon s Peak and just advanced slowly on the ground, attacking each and every magic beast that they had come across . One the other hand, the adventurers that were following Zhao Hai felt that they were going crazy . Every inch of Accra Mountain was completely red, the blood of the magic beasts already gave the mountain a scarlet color . Zhao Hai looked at everything with a calm expression . He wasn t killing people this time, so he didn t have much of a burden on his conscience . He felt the same as when a person slaughters a pig . Except for some special people, there weren t a lot of people who would sympathize with the pigs . Most people would just think about how delicious the pork would be . Although the magic beast attacks were very fierce, they didn t have even a point of coordination . All of them were just rushing over to Zhao Hai . The arrival of these magic beasts only gave Zhao Hai s side more food for the future . Green looked at the frantic beasts and sighed, It seems like our decision to deal with the Dragons is correct . If the Divine Race came and the dragons controlled these magic beasts, then the Human armies would certainly suffer huge consequences . While speaking about it, Green s face couldn t help but turn ugly . He was imagining how that scenario would turn out to be . Kun sighed and said, Right, the two seeds that the Divine Race had left behind were indeed terrifying . One was the Radiant Church, who used religion to control the population . And then there was the Dragon Race, who used their status to control an innumerable amount of magic beasts . If these magic beasts were like the magic beasts in other places, then they surely won t obey the Dragons . But since the Dragons had lived in Accra mountain for too long, they were now regarded by the beasts as gods, even those who had no wisdom had sided themselves to the Dragons . If the Divine Race did come, then they would have an army that wasn t afraid of death . With the strength of the Dragons as well as the logistical might of the Radiant Church, as well as the God rank expert s leadership, what kind of situation would we be facing Zhao Hai sneered and said, Even if we didn t come and deal with the Dragons, we can still take care of them in the future, albeit being more costly in our part . But since we will eliminate them right now, this will only hasten the Radiant Church s action, there wouldn t be any major changes in our situation . Green and Kun both sighed, even if they defeat the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race, they would still suffer some disadvantages in facing the Divine Race . After all, those two forces were seeds that the Divine Race planted in the continent . Their influence and impact had already been felt and applied to the continent from their many years of operation . Fortunately, Zhao Hai has the Space, which provided him with effective weapons in the form of the undead . Otherwise, whether it be the Radiant Church or the Dragons, they would be able to drown out Zhao Hai s forces . The speed that Zhao Hai advanced wasn t fast, the magic beasts were just too crazy . It was possible that this flood of beasts wouldn t stop . It was great that the undead didn t get tired and weren t lenient in killing the magic beasts . The cold slaughter was still going on . While the slaughter was continuing, Zhao Hai and the others were now coming across higher level magic beasts . Compared to before, when they were mostly getting 1st ranks, they were now getting 2nd and 3rd rank magic beasts . While Zhao Hai and the others were paying attention to the magic beasts, they weren t truly focused on the fight . Instead, they were discussing on possible methods that the Dragons would attack them later on . Zhao Hai was quite worried about the attack of the Dragon Race . After all, this was Accra Mountain, the domain of the Dragons . Even with something like the Space s monitor, Zhao Hai would still need to be careful . At this time, Zhao Hai felt that the skies outside had slowly become dark . Zhao Hai stared, then was stunned when he figured it out . The skied had turned dark, it meant that a day has passed Upon seeing that the magic beast attack was still going on, Zhao Hai couldn t help but breath in a cold air as he said, We had been fighting for a day These magic beasts are crazy . Did the Dragons drug them Cai er, what kind of drug is in these magic beasts Cai er shook her head and said, There s no drug, Young Master . These magic beasts didn t ingest anything . I already scanned the corpses that we had acquired before, they were all clean . Zhao Hai was stunned, he looked at Green and said, This is too crazy . Can Dragons really control the beasts to this degree I have to ask what is going on . Then Zhao Hai called a Dragon over and said, Can you go back to your Human form The Dragon nodded, then his appearance changed and slowly turned into a person . This Dragon was the same as the previous ones that he had seen before . He was also wearing a robe that was made out of their own scales . At this time, a prompt was then heard from the Space, Transformation ability discovered in Cyborg beings . Extracting ability . Applying ability to all Cyborg type beings . Application is complete . Zhao Hai gawked, he didn t think that the Space could actually withdraw the Dragon s ability to transform . At the same time, it also applied it to all the undead . Does this mean that the undead now have a Human form After thinking about it, Zhao Hai lost his drive to ask the Dragon about the state of the magic beasts . He took the Dragon and Alien to the Space . Then he came out of the Space and looked at Alien, Alien, can you change into your human form Alien s human like eyes looked at Zhao Ha, . then he shook his head . It seems like it didn t know how to do it . So Zhao Hai turned to the Dragon and said, What do you do when you want to go to your human form The Dragon answered immediately, Young Master, there s no special method . As long as you think that you want to be in your human form, then that would be enough . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Alien and said, Alien, just think that you want to be human . Understood Alien nodded, it seems like it understood Zhao Hai . Then Zhao Hai saw that Alien s figure started to shake, and then it shrank . The bones on Alien s body shrunk as well . In the end, Zhao Hai can see a person with full body armor in front of him . The man was two meters in height, his armor was red and had spikes on them . One can understand at one glance that this person was strong . However, this person didn t wear his headpiece, revealing his skeleton face . Zhao Hai took a few laps to examine this man in front of him . He had discovered that Alien had turned into a real Human with a human structure . He didn t have any tail or extra appendages . This made Zhao Hai feel quite happy . However, when he saw Alien s face, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Alien, turn into a human, not a skeleton . Do it, quick, I want to see how you look . Alien nodded, then a white light flashed . After the light retreated, Zhao Hai saw a warrior wearing red clothes . This guy was very tall and looked quite strong . He had an ugly and terrifying face, he was also bad, he didn t look like good person at all . Zhao Hai looked at the new and odd Alien and said, Alien, where s your body armor You can t wear it in this form Alien looked perplexed as he shook his head, then using spiritual communication, he sent, I don t know, Young Master . Isn t it fine this way Zhao Hai knit his brows, he was quite confused . At this time, the Dragon opened its mouth and said, Young Master, it seems like Alien s previous form was just like the Dragon Race s battle form . Maybe this was the reason . Zhao Hai stared, then he clapped his hand and said, So its like that . It seems like the undead can also get into three forms . This is good .





* * *





Chapter 672 – The Dragons didn’t Appear

Green and the others were happy as well . Although the strength of magic beasts were formidable, their builds were too big . And in their cramped situation inside Accra Mountain, their performance wouldn’t be as efficient as the Human form undead . So now that they had this ability, these undead magic beast would be able to display even more power .

Although Alien was still unable to speak and can only communicate over spirit transfer, this didn’t matter . It didn’t have any effect on its fighting strength .

Then Zhao Hai turned to the Dragon and then asked, “What is your name?”

The undead Dragon immediately replied, “Young Master, I’m called, Ao Sar . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Do you know why these magic beasts are still listening to the Dragons? What is happening?”

Ao Sar replied, “I do . Young Master, this is actually a secret technique that the Divine Race had left behind . This technique is called Divine Enlightenment . This technique is quite formidable, after being used on a magic beast, this magic would still manage to penetrate its descendants, making the subsequent generations loyal to the Dragon Race . No matter what we order them, they will obey, even if they are asked to commit suicide or slaughter their children . There are many uses of this technique, but it is still useless to magic beasts with high wisdom, and it also has little influence on people . At the same time, this technique uses up a lot of magic each time . But since the Dragons have been in the Accra Mountain for too long, all the magic beasts had been turned into loyal beings to the Dragons . It was precisely because of Divine Enlightenment that the magic beasts were all frantically attacking the Young Master’s army . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “So it turns out to be something left behind by the Divine Race . Can you also do this Divine Enlightenment?”

The Dragon nodded, “I can, all Dragons are capable of executing the technique . ”

Zhao Hao gave a nod, “Then tell me the how you do it, let me see what this Divine Enlightenment looks like . ” Then the Dragon complied, telling Zhao Hai how to execute this technique .

This Divine





Enlightenment’s application method was based on light element magic, but it was not entirely light magic . It was a combination between light magic and blood magic .

When using the technique, one would use their own blood first as a guide before one casts the magic . This kind of magic would not only affect the magic beast, it would also manifest on its descendants . One could say that it was a kind of evil control magic .

Zhao Hai didn’t use the magic even though he had learned how to do it . He just wanted to understand the magic that were used by the Divine Race . Now it seems like the Divine Race were indeed powerful, they can actually combine different magic to make completely new spells .

Although the fight was still going on outside, Zhao Hai and the others didn’t rush out . It had continued for the whole day, they were even unaware that night had arrived . At this time, they felt somewhat hungry, so their had their dinner inside the Space .

Even if he left the undead outside, all of them were 9th ranks, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about them .

While they were eating their dinner inside the Space, Zhao Hai and the others discussed the fight that happened during the day . Green took a sip of his wine and then said, “Where are the Dragons? The lesser Dragons should have already reported what just happened . Why were the magic beasts continuing to attack?”

Kun smiled faintly and said, “It isn’t really strange . The Dragons are unaware of the existence of the Space . In their minds, these undead were controlled by Dark Mages . The Dark Mage might be strong, but they couldn’t sustain commanding these undead for too long . I think the Dragons are trying to drain Little Hai’s magic by bombarding him with those magic beasts . When Little Hai’s mental power gets exhausted, the Dragons can just come and deal with him easily . Unfortunately for them, Little Hai didn’t need to expend energy in commanding the undead, he already has the Space to do that . The undead can fight as long as Little Hai wants . ”

Zhao Hai gave a slight smile and said, “If the Dragons think





think like that, then that would be great for us . If we can kill all the magic beast in the mountain, then we would generally be taking care of the Dragons’ trump card . Even if the Dragons were to escape, they wouldn’t be a threat to us anymore . ”

Green agreed, “It would be troublesome if the Dragons were to keep their magic beast army . Moreover, whether or not the Dragons survive this battle, their reputation is now ruined . After this, even the Humans wouldn’t be as scared of the Dragons as before . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “But I think the Radiant Church wouldn’t just be still upon seeing this . They would definitely have the the Divine Race act as soon as possible . Otherwise, the Divine Race wouldn’t have any allies if they were to delay . Our current exhibition has already informed the Radiant Church that they are no match against us . ”

Kun nodded, “It looks like we need to prepare for even more battles . ” The group sighed, the jovial mood of their dinner was now gone .

After finishing their meal, Zhao Hai and the others went to the Space’s villa and watched the crazy attacks of the magic beasts . At this point, the levels of the magic beasts that they were encountering had already reached 4th to 5th rank . However, even these levels had no impact to the undead army . It seems like in the eyes of the undead, all of these beasts were of the same level .

Upon seeing the continual magic beast assault, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but knit his brows and said, “From day to night, these magic beasts actually didn’t stop . At the same time, no Dragons can be seen . What kind of plot do they have?”

Green was frowning as well, “What are the Dragons thinking? Do they want to attack us this way? It seems to be the wrong way of doing it . ”

Kun shook his head and said, “Don’t think about it too much . If they attack, then let them be . In any case, we are here to destroy them, eliminate them for good . There’s not much to think about . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, but he still frowned, “But I still





I still feel that there is something wrong . We can’t go on like this . I must make the undead deal with this as soon as possible . ”

Naturally, nobody opposed to Zhao Hai’s decision . The Space had an uncountable amount of magic beast corpses, all of which can be turned into undead .

In the past, the levels of the magic beasts were too low . Although the Space can still make them into undead, their levels were really to low for them to be 9th ranks . After all, the difference was too far . Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t turn those initial magic beasts in to undead . However, the beasts that they were killing at this point were 4th or 5th ranks . They were definitely worth turning into undead .

After deciding on what to do, Zhao Hai immediately came out of the Space and turned all of the dead magic beasts into undead, increasing the amount of undead in Zhao Hai’s army .

The Accra Mountain was extremely large, and it had many magic beasts in it, much more than Zhao Hai can count . At this point, the Space has about 10 million 1st and 2nd ranked beasts . Adding the amount of 3rd, 4th, and 5th ranks, the current count would reach 20 million . The lower ranks can be turned to army provisions, however, those with high enough levels were turned into undead . After this fight, Zhao Hai’s undead army would be much more powerful . This gave him more confidence in dealing with the Divine Race .

However, the main thing on Zhao Hai’s mind right now was his feeling of unease . It seems like something was going on, and he wanted to know about it as soon as possible .

On the other hand, the adventurers that were behind Zhao Hai had become dumbfounded . They can’t see any magic beast corpses anymore . However, the battle in front of them was still going on . There were still blood on the ground, the only thing missing were the dead corpses .

Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to think about any of these right now . His army of undead was rapidly increasing . At first, it was the magic beasts who were

beasts who were attacking them, but now, Zhao Hai’s army were the ones who did the assault . Aside from the ground, the aerial battles had heated up as well . There were also a lot of flying beasts in Accra Mountain, and these flying beasts were now getting attacked by Bone Dragons, naturally, they didn’t stand a chance .

With the increase of undead, Zhao Hai’s rate of advancement had also increased . As they got closer to Dragon’s peak, 7th and 8th rank magic beasts had started to appear . Although these beasts weren’t numerous, their attacking power wasn’t something to scoff at . Even if the undead were able to deal with them, they still managed to drive them back for some time .

But still, Zhao Hai was unable to see any Dragons . This made Zhao Hai very surprised . The skies slowly turned to day, and at this point, the mountain had turned quiet . All of the magic beasts on Accra Mountain were dead .

Zhao Hai’s undead had now reached more than ten million . While Zhao Hai was continuing his slaughter up into the mountain, he was still quite puzzled as to why the Dragons still didn’t appear .

Before long, Zhao Hai finally arrived at Dragon’s peak . This place was the highest point in Accra Mountains . This place was an extinct volcano . However, even if it was extinct, it was still very hot . The place where the Dragons resided in was in the deep crater where a lake was situated in the bottom . On the inner walls of the crater, caves can be seen one after another . Those caves were the residences of the Dragons .

The terrain here had already been scouted by Zhao Hai’s staff . Therefore, Zhao Hai was very clear about the place . But what was not clear was the fact that the Dragons were still absent even if Zhao Hai was already at the mouth of their home .

After thinking about this, he immediately flew to the peak along with his undead army . He wanted to see what was going on . Did the Dragons already escape? This wasn’t very likely, it was not in line with the nature of the Dragons .

 Chapter 672 The Dragons didn t Appear Green and the others were happy as well . Although the strength of magic beasts were formidable, their builds were too big . And in their cramped situation inside Accra Mountain, their performance wouldn t be as efficient as the Human form undead . So now that they had this ability, these undead magic beast would be able to display even more power . Although Alien was still unable to speak and can only communicate over spirit transfer, this didn t matter . It didn t have any effect on its fighting strength . Then Zhao Hai turned to the Dragon and then asked, What is your name The undead Dragon immediately replied, Young Master, I m called, Ao Sar . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Do you know why these magic beasts are still listening to the Dragons What is happening Ao Sar replied, I do . Young Master, this is actually a secret technique that the Divine Race had left behind . This technique is called Divine Enlightenment . This technique is quite formidable, after being used on a magic beast, this magic would still manage to penetrate its descendants, making the subsequent generations loyal to the Dragon Race . No matter what we order them, they will obey, even if they are asked to commit suicide or slaughter their children . There are many uses of this technique, but it is still useless to magic beasts with high wisdom, and it also has little influence on people . At the same time, this technique uses up a lot of magic each time . But since the Dragons have been in the Accra Mountain for too long, all the magic beasts had been turned into loyal beings to the Dragons . It was precisely because of Divine Enlightenment that the magic beasts were all frantically attacking the Young Master s army . Zhao Hai nodded and said, So it turns out to be something left behind by the Divine Race . Can you also do this Divine Enlightenment The Dragon nodded, I can, all Dragons are capable of executing the technique . Zhao Hao gave a nod, Then tell me the how you do it, let me see what this Divine Enlightenment looks like . Then the Dragon complied, telling Zhao Hai how to execute this technique . This Divine Enlightenment s application method was based on light element magic, but it was not entirely light magic . It was a combination between light magic and blood magic . When using the technique, one would use their own blood first as a guide before one casts the magic . This kind of magic would not only affect the magic beast, it would also manifest on its descendants . One could say that it was a kind of evil control magic . Zhao Hai didn t use the magic even though he had learned how to do it . He just wanted to understand the magic that were used by the Divine Race . Now it seems like the Divine Race were indeed powerful, they can actually combine different magic to make completely new spells . Although the fight was still going on outside, Zhao Hai and the others didn t rush out . It had continued for the whole day, they were even unaware that night had arrived . At this time, they felt somewhat hungry, so their had their dinner inside the Space . Even if he left the undead outside, all of them were 9th ranks, Zhao Hai wasn t worried about them . While they were eating their dinner inside the Space, Zhao Hai and the others discussed the fight that happened during the day . Green took a sip of his wine and then said, Where are the Dragons The lesser Dragons should have already reported what just happened . Why were the magic beasts continuing to attack Kun smiled faintly and said, It isn t really strange . The Dragons are unaware of the existence of the Space . In their minds, these undead were controlled by Dark Mages . The Dark Mage might be strong, but they couldn t sustain commanding these undead for too long . I think the Dragons are trying to drain Little Hai s magic by bombarding him with those magic beasts . When Little Hai s mental power gets exhausted, the Dragons can just come and deal with him easily . Unfortunately for them, Little Hai didn t need to expend energy in commanding the undead, he already has the Space to do that . The undead can fight as long as Little Hai wants . Zhao Hai gave a slight smile and said, If the Dragons think like that, then that would be great for us . If we can kill all the magic beast in the mountain, then we would generally be taking care of the Dragons trump card . Even if the Dragons were to escape, they wouldn t be a threat to us anymore . Green agreed, It would be troublesome if the Dragons were to keep their magic beast army . Moreover, whether or not the Dragons survive this battle, their reputation is now ruined . After this, even the Humans wouldn t be as scared of the Dragons as before . Zhao Hai nodded and said, But I think the Radiant Church wouldn t just be still upon seeing this . They would definitely have the the Divine Race act as soon as possible . Otherwise, the Divine Race wouldn t have any allies if they were to delay . Our current exhibition has already informed the Radiant Church that they are no match against us . Kun nodded, It looks like we need to prepare for even more battles . The group sighed, the jovial mood of their dinner was now gone . After finishing their meal, Zhao Hai and the others went to the Space s villa and watched the crazy attacks of the magic beasts . At this point, the levels of the magic beasts that they were encountering had already reached 4th to 5th rank . However, even these levels had no impact to the undead army . It seems like in the eyes of the undead, all of these beasts were of the same level . Upon seeing the continual magic beast assault, Zhao Hai couldn t help but knit his brows and said, From day to night, these magic beasts actually didn t stop . At the same time, no Dragons can be seen . What kind of plot do they have Green was frowning as well, What are the Dragons thinking Do they want to attack us this way It seems to be the wrong way of doing it . Kun shook his head and said, Don t think about it too much . If they attack, then let them be . In any case, we are here to destroy them, eliminate them for good . There s not much to think about . Zhao Hai nodded, but he still frowned, But I still feel that there is something wrong . We can t go on like this . I must make the undead deal with this as soon as possible . Naturally, nobody opposed to Zhao Hai s decision . The Space had an uncountable amount of magic beast corpses, all of which can be turned into undead . In the past, the levels of the magic beasts were too low . Although the Space can still make them into undead, their levels were really to low for them to be 9th ranks . After all, the difference was too far . Therefore, Zhao Hai didn t turn those initial magic beasts in to undead . However, the beasts that they were killing at this point were 4th or 5th ranks . They were definitely worth turning into undead . After deciding on what to do, Zhao Hai immediately came out of the Space and turned all of the dead magic beasts into undead, increasing the amount of undead in Zhao Hai s army . The Accra Mountain was extremely large, and it had many magic beasts in it, much more than Zhao Hai can count . At this point, the Space has about 10 million 1st and 2nd ranked beasts . Adding the amount of 3rd, 4th, and 5th ranks, the current count would reach 20 million . The lower ranks can be turned to army provisions, however, those with high enough levels were turned into undead . After this fight, Zhao Hai s undead army would be much more powerful . This gave him more confidence in dealing with the Divine Race . However, the main thing on Zhao Hai s mind right now was his feeling of unease . It seems like something was going on, and he wanted to know about it as soon as possible . On the other hand, the adventurers that were behind Zhao Hai had become dumbfounded . They can t see any magic beast corpses anymore . However, the battle in front of them was still going on . There were still blood on the ground, the only thing missing were the dead corpses . Zhao Hai didn t have the mood to think about any of these right now . His army of undead was rapidly increasing . At first, it was the magic beasts who were attacking them, but now, Zhao Hai s army were the ones who did the assault . Aside from the ground, the aerial battles had heated up as well . There were also a lot of flying beasts in Accra Mountain, and these flying beasts were now getting attacked by Bone Dragons, naturally, they didn t stand a chance . With the increase of undead, Zhao Hai s rate of advancement had also increased . As they got closer to Dragon s peak, 7th and 8th rank magic beasts had started to appear . Although these beasts weren t numerous, their attacking power wasn t something to scoff at . Even if the undead were able to deal with them, they still managed to drive them back for some time . But still, Zhao Hai was unable to see any Dragons . This made Zhao Hai very surprised . The skies slowly turned to day, and at this point, the mountain had turned quiet . All of the magic beasts on Accra Mountain were dead . Zhao Hai s undead had now reached more than ten million . While Zhao Hai was continuing his slaughter up into the mountain, he was still quite puzzled as to why the Dragons still didn t appear . Before long, Zhao Hai finally arrived at Dragon s peak . This place was the highest point in Accra Mountains . This place was an extinct volcano . However, even if it was extinct, it was still very hot . The place where the Dragons resided in was in the deep crater where a lake was situated in the bottom . On the inner walls of the crater, caves can be seen one after another . Those caves were the residences of the Dragons . The terrain here had already been scouted by Zhao Hai s staff . Therefore, Zhao Hai was very clear about the place . But what was not clear was the fact that the Dragons were still absent even if Zhao Hai was already at the mouth of their home . After thinking about this, he immediately flew to the peak along with his undead army . He wanted to see what was going on . Did the Dragons already escape This wasn t very likely, it was not in line with the nature of the Dragons .





* * *





Chapter 673 – Demon!

Green and the others didn’t come out, but they were still looking at Zhao Hai through the monitor . Zhao Hai commanded his army to assemble into cube formation as he slowly flew towards Dragon’s Peak .

Before long, the group arrived at the summit, however, Zhao Hai still cannot see any dragons . Zhao Hai was met with a completely empty Dragon’s Peak . He couldn’t help but stare blankly, did the Dragons actually leave?

Since he couldn’t see anything else, Zhao Hai immediately turned to look at the monitor to see if he can discover things there . Zhao Hai carefully watched the monitor, the caverns of the Dragons were still there, the things that the Dragons had collected were present as well . The only thing missing in the place were the Dragons themselves .

Zhao Hai immediately searched around using the monitor . He wanted to see whether the Dragons really left or if something else happened . He believed that there should be clues to be seen . Sure enough, Zhao Hai noticed that the lake under the crater was quite special . The monitor couldn’t see anything inside it . The same happened in the Devil Trench as well as the Soul Sucking Reef . Every place where a treasure was found seemed to exhibit this property . Was a treasure present in this lake as well?

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai immediately received the majority of his undead . Then he released some marine undead before he sat inside the Blade Scale Whale . Then the group dove into the lake .

Naturally, the monitor wasn’t able to see much into the lake . Compared to outside, the range of vision was too low, only about 500 meters .

Looking from above, the lake wasn’t very big . After Zhao Hai released the Blade Scale Whale, he could only release 100 undead creatures . If he had more, then they wouldn’t be able to enter the lake .

This 100 undead formed around Zhao Hai in a cube formation . As the slowly dived into the lake, Zhao Hai discovered something strange, the lake was actually very deep .

He was already inside the lake for about ten minutes . And in these 10 minutes, even if they dove slowly,





they should have already covered several kilometers . And yet, the bottom was nowhere to be found .

This was just a lake, how could it be very deep? Zhao Hai became more curious as the dove down . He looked at the monitor and occasionally turned its view to all directions, only to see nothing . Zhao Hai didn’t care, he just continued to look at the monitor . Then suddenly, Zhao Hai felt something was wrong .

Then Zhao Hai understood, from what he can theorize, the surrounding waters had become much wider . This prompted him to look around much more seriously .

Sure enough, when he entered the lake, it wasn’t very big, he can even see the sides of the lake through the muddy waters . But now, he couldn’t see the sides anymore . The only reason for this was that the lake had widened .

Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he stopped his dive . Then he commanded the undead to look for the sides of the lake .

After a long time, Zhao Hai had finally figured out the shape of the lake . The area at the bottom of the lake was much wider than the surface . The shape of the lake was like an inverted bowl, with the mouth being the smallest part and it gets wider as it goes down .

Zhao Hai was now more curious about the lake . He commanded the Blade Scale Whale to continue the dive . At this point, Zhao Hai was convinced that he had already penetrated about 10 thousand meters into the lake, but it seems like there was no end in sight .

But what made Zhao Hai feel even more strange was the mere absence of magic beasts inside this lake . Not only magic beasts, there weren’t any plants here as well . This made Zhao Hai careful, this lake was truly out of the ordinary .

Zhao Hai carefully watched the monitor while also paying attention to his surroundings . There weren’t any magic beasts in the lake water, there weren’t any marine plants as well . The lake had now become quite clear, Zhao Hai can even see further than the monitor just by using his own two eyes .

The suddenly, Zhao Hai spotted something





something not far under him . There seems to be a layer of black gas . Zhao Hai found out that the monitor was unable to penetrate through that gas . Zhao Hai stopped, then he hardened his resolve as he commanded the Blade Scale Whale to go straight by the layer of gas .

Before long, Zhao Hai was surrounded by the gas . He also discovered that this gas wasn’t the bottom of the lake, instead, it seems to be shrouding something .

Zhao Hai knit the brows of his head, he felt that this layer was not simple . It can actually block the monitor, at the same time, it also seems to be concealing something inside the lake .

Zhao Hai decided to explore it by himself . He went out of the Blade Scale Whale and placed his hand on the layer . Unexpectedly, the layer allowed his hand to go through, but it also blocked the lake water from entering .

Zhao Hai felt great, he received the Blade Scale Whale before he entered the layer of gas . The layer wasn’t very thick, it was just too dark, making Zhao Hai unable to see anything . But just about two meters away, light can then be seen . Upon coming out of the layer of gas, the scene that Zhao Hai saw gave him a huge surprise .

Inside was a huge space, it might even be as big as the entire Accra Mountain . Inside this huge space was a similarly large magic formation . The formation had mostly occupied the entire space’s floor .

This magic formation looked mysteriously exceptional, it comprised of innumerable magic symbols . But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was that these magic symbols were all colored blood red, and it was connected to each other by flowing blood . Inside this magic formation were Dragons, about 10 thousand of them . All of which were in a static position on the formation . Their positions were very strange, it seems to form a strange pattern, something that looked like a devil’s face .

On the sides of the Dragons were countless amounts of lesser dragons, which were similarly just lying there . Along with the Dragons, all of them formed a huge devil face . At the





At the same time, Zhao Hai also discovered a detail, both Dragons and lesser dragons were killed with a big wound on their necks . Their blood flowing into the magic symbols on the formation .

Zhao Hai was currently flying up above the formation . The layer of gas looked black when he was back in the lake, but now, it actually changed into the same color as blood . At the same time, red liquid was raining down from the layer of gas . When this red liquid fell to the ground, it immediately fused into the magic formation . It was quite strange because there weren’t any places that the liquid could flow into, all of them fused with the magic formations and just vanished without a trace .

Zhao Hai knitted the brows on his head again, he felt that this space was really strange . Although the entire place was bright, he could see upon further inspection that the light was also tinted red . This color scheme could actually make someone feel choked .

Zhao Hai placed his hand out and cought a drop of the red liquid and then placed it on his nose to smell it . Almost instantaneously, the smell of blood assaulted his nose . Zhao Hai’s expression immediately turned ugly, the red rain was actually blood!

Then Zhao Hai turned his head back to the formation as well as the amount of red liquid raining down . He couldn’t estimate how much blood this was .

Zhao Hai frowned, then he waved his hand as a clump of black gas came out and wrapped the Dragons and the lesser dragons . Zhao Hai wanted to turn them into undead .

At this time, a sharp screech was suddenly heard, then it was followed by a bellow, “Who dares!” Then a big bloody red hand reached out from a place not far from the layer of gas and blocked the black gas . Surprisingly it actually succeeded in doing so .

Zhao Hai gawked, his expression turned ugly, this bloody hand can actually defend against Zhao Hai’s dark magic . This showed that the owner of this hand was quite strong . Zhao Hai turned his head towards the hand and said, “Who’s there? Come out!”

“Hahaha!” An ominous laugh was heard, then a person came in from the

in from the other side of the layer . Upon seeing this person, Zhao Hai’s pupils couldn’t help but shrink . This person’s body was very tall and big, about 2 . 5 meters high . It wore beast skin garments but also had scales covering its body . It also had two curved horns on its head, something that looked like an argali’s horn . In each of its hand were six fingers, along with long and pointy nails that shone blue . On its back were a pair of big meaty wings that flapped constantly . It also had a tail, it was very long, about five or six meters . On the head of the tail was something that looked like an arrow point . The tail was constantly moving around, just like how snakes slithered .

At this time, Cai’er suddenly said, “Young Master, that’s someone from the Demon Realm . Specifically, from the realm’s most formidable beings, Demon Clan . In fact, the entire realm was ruled by these Demons . ”

When he heard Cai’er, Zhao Hai’ eyes couldn’t help but shrink . He looked at the Demon and said, “I didn’t think that I’d be able to meet a Demon from the Demon Realm . How can you appear here?’

As soon as the Demon heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but gawk . Then he laughed out loud and said, “I didn’t expect the continent to remember creatures like us . Hahaha . This is interesting, too interesting!”

Zhao Hai looked at the Demon and said, “Why can you appear here? Is there a spatial rift?”

The Demon looked at Zhao Hai and then laughed once again, “You’re quite intelligent . But you’re ruthless as well . You actually killed all of the magic beasts in Accra Mountain . Well, I think I need to thank you for that . ”

Zhao Hai was puzzled, so he asked, “What do you mean?”

The Demon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Well, in any case, you cannot escape, so it doesn’t matter if I tell you . There is actually no spatial crack here . However, the place where the rift was in in the Demonic Abyss . That was where we had set up a crack between the Demon Realm and the Ark Continent . ”

 Chapter 673 Demon Green and the others didn t come out, but they were still looking at Zhao Hai through the monitor . Zhao Hai commanded his army to assemble into cube formation as he slowly flew towards Dragon s Peak . Before long, the group arrived at the summit, however, Zhao Hai still cannot see any dragons . Zhao Hai was met with a completely empty Dragon s Peak . He couldn t help but stare blankly, did the Dragons actually leave Since he couldn t see anything else, Zhao Hai immediately turned to look at the monitor to see if he can discover things there . Zhao Hai carefully watched the monitor, the caverns of the Dragons were still there, the things that the Dragons had collected were present as well . The only thing missing in the place were the Dragons themselves . Zhao Hai immediately searched around using the monitor . He wanted to see whether the Dragons really left or if something else happened . He believed that there should be clues to be seen . Sure enough, Zhao Hai noticed that the lake under the crater was quite special . The monitor couldn t see anything inside it . The same happened in the Devil Trench as well as the Soul Sucking Reef . Every place where a treasure was found seemed to exhibit this property . Was a treasure present in this lake as well After thinking about it, Zhao Hai immediately received the majority of his undead . Then he released some marine undead before he sat inside the Blade Scale Whale . Then the group dove into the lake . Naturally, the monitor wasn t able to see much into the lake . Compared to outside, the range of vision was too low, only about 500 meters . Looking from above, the lake wasn t very big . After Zhao Hai released the Blade Scale Whale, he could only release 100 undead creatures . If he had more, then they wouldn t be able to enter the lake . This 100 undead formed around Zhao Hai in a cube formation . As the slowly dived into the lake, Zhao Hai discovered something strange, the lake was actually very deep . He was already inside the lake for about ten minutes . And in these 10 minutes, even if they dove slowly, they should have already covered several kilometers . And yet, the bottom was nowhere to be found . This was just a lake, how could it be very deep Zhao Hai became more curious as the dove down . He looked at the monitor and occasionally turned its view to all directions, only to see nothing . Zhao Hai didn t care, he just continued to look at the monitor . Then suddenly, Zhao Hai felt something was wrong . Then Zhao Hai understood, from what he can theorize, the surrounding waters had become much wider . This prompted him to look around much more seriously . Sure enough, when he entered the lake, it wasn t very big, he can even see the sides of the lake through the muddy waters . But now, he couldn t see the sides anymore . The only reason for this was that the lake had widened . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he stopped his dive . Then he commanded the undead to look for the sides of the lake . After a long time, Zhao Hai had finally figured out the shape of the lake . The area at the bottom of the lake was much wider than the surface . The shape of the lake was like an inverted bowl, with the mouth being the smallest part and it gets wider as it goes down . Zhao Hai was now more curious about the lake . He commanded the Blade Scale Whale to continue the dive . At this point, Zhao Hai was convinced that he had already penetrated about 10 thousand meters into the lake, but it seems like there was no end in sight . But what made Zhao Hai feel even more strange was the mere absence of magic beasts inside this lake . Not only magic beasts, there weren t any plants here as well . This made Zhao Hai careful, this lake was truly out of the ordinary . Zhao Hai carefully watched the monitor while also paying attention to his surroundings . There weren t any magic beasts in the lake water, there weren t any marine plants as well . The lake had now become quite clear, Zhao Hai can even see further than the monitor just by using his own two eyes . The suddenly, Zhao Hai spotted something not far under him . There seems to be a layer of black gas . Zhao Hai found out that the monitor was unable to penetrate through that gas . Zhao Hai stopped, then he hardened his resolve as he commanded the Blade Scale Whale to go straight by the layer of gas . Before long, Zhao Hai was surrounded by the gas . He also discovered that this gas wasn t the bottom of the lake, instead, it seems to be shrouding something . Zhao Hai knit the brows of his head, he felt that this layer was not simple . It can actually block the monitor, at the same time, it also seems to be concealing something inside the lake . Zhao Hai decided to explore it by himself . He went out of the Blade Scale Whale and placed his hand on the layer . Unexpectedly, the layer allowed his hand to go through, but it also blocked the lake water from entering . Zhao Hai felt great, he received the Blade Scale Whale before he entered the layer of gas . The layer wasn t very thick, it was just too dark, making Zhao Hai unable to see anything . But just about two meters away, light can then be seen . Upon coming out of the layer of gas, the scene that Zhao Hai saw gave him a huge surprise . Inside was a huge space, it might even be as big as the entire Accra Mountain . Inside this huge space was a similarly large magic formation . The formation had mostly occupied the entire space s floor . This magic formation looked mysteriously exceptional, it comprised of innumerable magic symbols . But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was that these magic symbols were all colored blood red, and it was connected to each other by flowing blood . Inside this magic formation were Dragons, about 10 thousand of them . All of which were in a static position on the formation . Their positions were very strange, it seems to form a strange pattern, something that looked like a devil s face . On the sides of the Dragons were countless amounts of lesser dragons, which were similarly just lying there . Along with the Dragons, all of them formed a huge devil face . At the same time, Zhao Hai also discovered a detail, both Dragons and lesser dragons were killed with a big wound on their necks . Their blood flowing into the magic symbols on the formation . Zhao Hai was currently flying up above the formation . The layer of gas looked black when he was back in the lake, but now, it actually changed into the same color as blood . At the same time, red liquid was raining down from the layer of gas . When this red liquid fell to the ground, it immediately fused into the magic formation . It was quite strange because there weren t any places that the liquid could flow into, all of them fused with the magic formations and just vanished without a trace . Zhao Hai knitted the brows on his head again, he felt that this space was really strange . Although the entire place was bright, he could see upon further inspection that the light was also tinted red . This color scheme could actually make someone feel choked . Zhao Hai placed his hand out and cought a drop of the red liquid and then placed it on his nose to smell it . Almost instantaneously, the smell of blood assaulted his nose . Zhao Hai s expression immediately turned ugly, the red rain was actually blood Then Zhao Hai turned his head back to the formation as well as the amount of red liquid raining down . He couldn t estimate how much blood this was . Zhao Hai frowned, then he waved his hand as a clump of black gas came out and wrapped the Dragons and the lesser dragons . Zhao Hai wanted to turn them into undead . At this time, a sharp screech was suddenly heard, then it was followed by a bellow, Who dares Then a big bloody red hand reached out from a place not far from the layer of gas and blocked the black gas . Surprisingly it actually succeeded in doing so . Zhao Hai gawked, his expression turned ugly, this bloody hand can actually defend against Zhao Hai s dark magic . This showed that the owner of this hand was quite strong . Zhao Hai turned his head towards the hand and said, Who s there Come out Hahaha An ominous laugh was heard, then a person came in from the other side of the layer . Upon seeing this person, Zhao Hai s pupils couldn t help but shrink . This person s body was very tall and big, about 2 . 5 meters high . It wore beast skin garments but also had scales covering its body . It also had two curved horns on its head, something that looked like an argali s horn . In each of its hand were six fingers, along with long and pointy nails that shone blue . On its back were a pair of big meaty wings that flapped constantly . It also had a tail, it was very long, about five or six meters . On the head of the tail was something that looked like an arrow point . The tail was constantly moving around, just like how snakes slithered . At this time, Cai er suddenly said, Young Master, that s someone from the Demon Realm . Specifically, from the realm s most formidable beings, Demon Clan . In fact, the entire realm was ruled by these Demons . When he heard Cai er, Zhao Hai eyes couldn t help but shrink . He looked at the Demon and said, I didn t think that I d be able to meet a Demon from the Demon Realm . How can you appear here As soon as the Demon heard Zhao Hai, he couldn t help but gawk . Then he laughed out loud and said, I didn t expect the continent to remember creatures like us . Hahaha . This is interesting, too interesting Zhao Hai looked at the Demon and said, Why can you appear here Is there a spatial rift The Demon looked at Zhao Hai and then laughed once again, You re quite intelligent . But you re ruthless as well . You actually killed all of the magic beasts in Accra Mountain . Well, I think I need to thank you for that . Zhao Hai was puzzled, so he asked, What do you mean The Demon looked at Zhao Hai and said, Well, in any case, you cannot escape, so it doesn t matter if I tell you . There is actually no spatial crack here . However, the place where the rift was in in the Demonic Abyss . That was where we had set up a crack between the Demon Realm and the Ark Continent .





* * *





Chapter 674 – Blood Void

Although this was already speculated on the continent, hearing it from the mouth of a Demon still shocked Zhao Hai . It turned out to be true .

The Demon enjoyed Zhao Hai’s surprised appearance, he laughed and then gnashed his teeth as he said, “When we discovered the crack towards Ark Continent in the past, we sent people in order to investigate it . And we found out that the Ark Continent is much better than the Demon Realm . There is warm sunshine here, clean water, green grass, and endless food . For such a good place to be inhabited by inferior creatures is unforgivable . So we launched a war against the continent . ”

Then the Demon’s face couldn’t help but change to hatred, “However, we didn’t think that the Ark Continent would have a strange law, disallowing God-ranked demons to come here . In the end, our Demon Race’s army got defeated by the lower lifeforms . But before returning to the Demon Realm, we left a spatial rift in the Demonic Abyss . ”

After speaking about the spatial rift, the Demon’s face turned proud as he said, “That spatial rift wasn’t big, but it was quite carefully made that it would evade the notice of the Humans . This allowed us to investigate the situation in the Ark Continent . And then, more than a thousand years ago, His Majesty the Demon King decided to launch a second great war . In order to prepare for this war, a large enough spatial rift would need to be prepared . Therefore, for a thousand years, we prepared this Blood Void in order to enlarge the spatial crack . But if we want to use the Blood Void, we would need to have enough blood . Killing Humans would be detrimental to our plans, therefore we decided to use the magic beasts and the Dragons in Accra Mountain . ”

After speaking up to here, the Demon looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “For this plan, we dug out a huge





space below Accra Mountain then established the Blood Void in this place . Digging the place up and establishing the Blood Void took us nearly a thousand years . And in the process, we discovered that the Dragons were subordinates of people called the Divine Race . And their purpose was to take the Ark Continent as well . So how could we make them succeed? The Ark Continent is ours, that is certain . We already have plans on how to deal with them, but you came and attacked the Dragons . You really are ruthless, but killing all the magic beasts in the Accra Mountain saved us a lot of trouble . Hahaha . To be honest, you’re quite good . If you were someone from the Demon Realm, then you would’ve gained a high position . ”

Zhao Hai’s expression was quite difficult . He didn’t think that his action of eliminating the Dragons would actually help the Demons . Moreover, the Demons hadn’t been in the continent for a short time . They had been here for more than a thousand years .

The Demon looked at Zhao Hai’s expression, he got more excited as he laughed and said, “With all these blood, the operation has become a success . When the rift opens, an army from the Demon Realm shal arrive in the Ark Continent, killing the lower beings and occupying it for our own use!”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “Keep dreaming . Even if you can open the rift, what significance would that have? Your God-ranked experts are still unable to reach the continent . Do you want to rely on your army to conquer the continent? You’re being too naive . ”

The Demon coldly snorted and said, “You’re the one being naive . Do you really think that your human armies can go against the people of the Demon Realm? We Demons grew up killing, every member of my race is an outstanding soldier . With just your Human army, how could you defend against the Demons?”

Zhao





Demons?”

Zhao Hai snorted, “Hmph, I alone have an undead army of tens of millions . There’s no need for Human armies, I am sufficient enough to deal with your Demon Race . ”

The Demon laughed and said, “Right, right, what you say is true . You really are quite strong . But you underestimate our Demon army . Your undead might be strong, but we have our own strong undead as well, at the very least, they can defend against your undead . Most importantly, you will die today . And with your death, your undead army shall vanish as well . So when our Demon army comes, how can the Humans cope with us, given how disunited they are?”

Zhao Hai snickered, “Are you really convinced that you can deal with me?”

The Demon laughed, “I know that you’re able to do Space Magic along with your undead magic . But what you don’t know is that the Blood Void not only opens spatial rifts, it locks space as well . Even if your undead are strong, you cannot call them over here . And although you are a 9th rank, we are 9th ranks as well . You cannot escape today . ”

Zhao Hai coldly smiled and said, “That might not be true . To thank for your information, I shall allow you to be an undead and then join my own army . ”

Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as large quantities of undead appeared inside the space . Then they threw themselves over to the Demons .

The Demons present looked at Zhao Hai releasing his undead with shocked faces . The lead Demon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “This is impossible . How can you summon undead? The Blood Void should have imprisoned the space here!”

Zhao Hai sneered and said, “Whether you can imprison my Space or not isn’t something for you to decide . If my Space can easily be locked, then I would’ve already died long ago . ”

The Demon looked at Zhao Hai with grief, while blocking the undead,





the undead, the Demon said, “Even if you can kill us, the Blood Void had already succeeded . It will show its effects and when our Demon army comes through the rift, you shall die . ”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “I already knew that your Demon army would come . I just didn’t expect it to be quick . It doesn’t matter, the Ark continent is ours, and nobody can take it away . ” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as a clump of black gas flew out and surrounded the bodies of the Dragons and lesser dragons, turning them into undead .

The Demon looked at Zhao Hai’s action and couldn’t help but get more angry . He knew that even if the Blood Void succeeded, it still needs more blood in order to reach its peak . The blood of these corpses were enough to sustain that . If the blood of these Dragons were to get drained into the Blood Void, then the Blood Void would be bigger . But now that Zhao Hai had turned them into undead, the Blood Void would be smaller than expected .

However, the Demons were entangled by the undead, so they couldn’t do anything about it right now . The lead Demon clenched his teeth, he knew this operation cannot fail . Otherwise, the Demons would have no chance in conquering the Ark Continent .

At the thought of this, he gave a command to his fellow Demons . Then the other Demons surrounded him as they continued to block the undead . Then the lead Demon started to mumble a spell .

Zhao Hai knew that the Blood Void needed to be stopped, but the undead attacks did nothing . This formation seems to be invincible, there was no way to damage it . If this Blood Void continues, then the Demons would have an avenue to attack the continent . When that time comes, the Humans would certainly suffer some losses .

Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to move, he has the strength of a

strength of a God, so he should be able to deal with these Demons .

But through this fight, Zhao Hai also discovered that the fighting strength of these Demons was quite strong . His undead were 9th ranks, their strength wasn’t something that common 9th ranks could endure . But these Demons were able to block the attacks of these undead, and were also able to do it for quite a long time . This was something that Zhao Hai didn’t expect .

Zhao Hai knew that he couldn’t delay this fight for much longer . His staff changed into a blood red sword, then his body moved and appeared on the side of a Demon . After that, he swung his sword towards its neck . The Demon responded quite quickly, his body immediately went down as the two horns on his head moved towards Zhao Hai . At the same time, the Demon’s tail went for Zhao Hai’s heart, like a snake with exposed fangs .

Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then he moved his sword and swung downward . This move was too fast that the Demon wasn’t able to dodge it at all . The Demon’s head was sliced by Zhao Hai, cutting it in half along the middle .

But what Zhao Hai didn’t expect was when his sword sliced the Demon’s head, it didn’t die right away . The Demon moved its hand and caught Zhao Hai’s sword, its tail continued on to penetrate towards Zhao Hai’s heart .

Zhao Hai gawked, he didn’t think that these Demons would actually have this much vitality . Its life force was so strong that it could still move despite already being killed .

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid, he moved his hand and shrunk his sword into a shorter one, removing it from the grasp of the demon . At the same time, he also went to the side of another Demon, dodging the tail in the process . Then he went on and swung his sword to the other Demon .

 Chapter 674 Blood Void Although this was already speculated on the continent, hearing it from the mouth of a Demon still shocked Zhao Hai . It turned out to be true . The Demon enjoyed Zhao Hai s surprised appearance, he laughed and then gnashed his teeth as he said, When we discovered the crack towards Ark Continent in the past, we sent people in order to investigate it . And we found out that the Ark Continent is much better than the Demon Realm . There is warm sunshine here, clean water, green grass, and endless food . For such a good place to be inhabited by inferior creatures is unforgivable . So we launched a war against the continent . Then the Demon s face couldn t help but change to hatred, However, we didn t think that the Ark Continent would have a strange law, disallowing God ranked demons to come here . In the end, our Demon Race s army got defeated by the lower lifeforms . But before returning to the Demon Realm, we left a spatial rift in the Demonic Abyss . After speaking about the spatial rift, the Demon s face turned proud as he said, That spatial rift wasn t big, but it was quite carefully made that it would evade the notice of the Humans . This allowed us to investigate the situation in the Ark Continent . And then, more than a thousand years ago, His Majesty the Demon King decided to launch a second great war . In order to prepare for this war, a large enough spatial rift would need to be prepared . Therefore, for a thousand years, we prepared this Blood Void in order to enlarge the spatial crack . But if we want to use the Blood Void, we would need to have enough blood . Killing Humans would be detrimental to our plans, therefore we decided to use the magic beasts and the Dragons in Accra Mountain . After speaking up to here, the Demon looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, For this plan, we dug out a huge space below Accra Mountain then established the Blood Void in this place . Digging the place up and establishing the Blood Void took us nearly a thousand years . And in the process, we discovered that the Dragons were subordinates of people called the Divine Race . And their purpose was to take the Ark Continent as well . So how could we make them succeed The Ark Continent is ours, that is certain . We already have plans on how to deal with them, but you came and attacked the Dragons . You really are ruthless, but killing all the magic beasts in the Accra Mountain saved us a lot of trouble . Hahaha . To be honest, you re quite good . If you were someone from the Demon Realm, then you would ve gained a high position . Zhao Hai s expression was quite difficult . He didn t think that his action of eliminating the Dragons would actually help the Demons . Moreover, the Demons hadn t been in the continent for a short time . They had been here for more than a thousand years . The Demon looked at Zhao Hai s expression, he got more excited as he laughed and said, With all these blood, the operation has become a success . When the rift opens, an army from the Demon Realm shal arrive in the Ark Continent, killing the lower beings and occupying it for our own use Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, Keep dreaming . Even if you can open the rift, what significance would that have Your God ranked experts are still unable to reach the continent . Do you want to rely on your army to conquer the continent You re being too naive . The Demon coldly snorted and said, You re the one being naive . Do you really think that your human armies can go against the people of the Demon Realm We Demons grew up killing, every member of my race is an outstanding soldier . With just your Human army, how could you defend against the Demons Zhao Hai snorted, Hmph, I alone have an undead army of tens of millions . There s no need for Human armies, I am sufficient enough to deal with your Demon Race . The Demon laughed and said, Right, right, what you say is true . You really are quite strong . But you underestimate our Demon army . Your undead might be strong, but we have our own strong undead as well, at the very least, they can defend against your undead . Most importantly, you will die today . And with your death, your undead army shall vanish as well . So when our Demon army comes, how can the Humans cope with us, given how disunited they are Zhao Hai snickered, Are you really convinced that you can deal with me The Demon laughed, I know that you re able to do Space Magic along with your undead magic . But what you don t know is that the Blood Void not only opens spatial rifts, it locks space as well . Even if your undead are strong, you cannot call them over here . And although you are a 9th rank, we are 9th ranks as well . You cannot escape today . Zhao Hai coldly smiled and said, That might not be true . To thank for your information, I shall allow you to be an undead and then join my own army . Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as large quantities of undead appeared inside the space . Then they threw themselves over to the Demons . The Demons present looked at Zhao Hai releasing his undead with shocked faces . The lead Demon looked at Zhao Hai and said, This is impossible . How can you summon undead The Blood Void should have imprisoned the space here Zhao Hai sneered and said, Whether you can imprison my Space or not isn t something for you to decide . If my Space can easily be locked, then I would ve already died long ago . The Demon looked at Zhao Hai with grief, while blocking the undead, the Demon said, Even if you can kill us, the Blood Void had already succeeded . It will show its effects and when our Demon army comes through the rift, you shall die . Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, I already knew that your Demon army would come . I just didn t expect it to be quick . It doesn t matter, the Ark continent is ours, and nobody can take it away . Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as a clump of black gas flew out and surrounded the bodies of the Dragons and lesser dragons, turning them into undead . The Demon looked at Zhao Hai s action and couldn t help but get more angry . He knew that even if the Blood Void succeeded, it still needs more blood in order to reach its peak . The blood of these corpses were enough to sustain that . If the blood of these Dragons were to get drained into the Blood Void, then the Blood Void would be bigger . But now that Zhao Hai had turned them into undead, the Blood Void would be smaller than expected . However, the Demons were entangled by the undead, so they couldn t do anything about it right now . The lead Demon clenched his teeth, he knew this operation cannot fail . Otherwise, the Demons would have no chance in conquering the Ark Continent . At the thought of this, he gave a command to his fellow Demons . Then the other Demons surrounded him as they continued to block the undead . Then the lead Demon started to mumble a spell . Zhao Hai knew that the Blood Void needed to be stopped, but the undead attacks did nothing . This formation seems to be invincible, there was no way to damage it . If this Blood Void continues, then the Demons would have an avenue to attack the continent . When that time comes, the Humans would certainly suffer some losses . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to move, he has the strength of a God, so he should be able to deal with these Demons . But through this fight, Zhao Hai also discovered that the fighting strength of these Demons was quite strong . His undead were 9th ranks, their strength wasn t something that common 9th ranks could endure . But these Demons were able to block the attacks of these undead, and were also able to do it for quite a long time . This was something that Zhao Hai didn t expect . Zhao Hai knew that he couldn t delay this fight for much longer . His staff changed into a blood red sword, then his body moved and appeared on the side of a Demon . After that, he swung his sword towards its neck . The Demon responded quite quickly, his body immediately went down as the two horns on his head moved towards Zhao Hai . At the same time, the Demon s tail went for Zhao Hai s heart, like a snake with exposed fangs . Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then he moved his sword and swung downward . This move was too fast that the Demon wasn t able to dodge it at all . The Demon s head was sliced by Zhao Hai, cutting it in half along the middle . But what Zhao Hai didn t expect was when his sword sliced the Demon s head, it didn t die right away . The Demon moved its hand and caught Zhao Hai s sword, its tail continued on to penetrate towards Zhao Hai s heart . Zhao Hai gawked, he didn t think that these Demons would actually have this much vitality . Its life force was so strong that it could still move despite already being killed . However, Zhao Hai wasn t afraid, he moved his hand and shrunk his sword into a shorter one, removing it from the grasp of the demon . At the same time, he also went to the side of another Demon, dodging the tail in the process . Then he went on and swung his sword to the other Demon .





* * *





Chapter 675 – Seven Days

Zhao Hai didn’t bother himself with those Demons who were injured and were still moving . He believed that those Demons were already dead, they just kept their movements due to their abundant lifeforce .

Zhao Hai’s judgement was correct . These Demons were already dead, but since they lived in the Demon Realm all their life, their vitality was just too strong, so these fatal strikes weren’t able to kill them straight away . After counter attacking, these Demons should be motionless, this was a common deathrattle for Demons .

The middle Demon didn’t stop his incantation as he looked coldly at Zhao Hai . The incantation continued on, he didn’t move even a single bit . Even as Zhao Hai stabbed his sword through this throat, the Demon just looked at Zhao Hai . Blood was now flowing out of his mouth, but he still kept mumbling the spell . The Demon smiled at Zhao Hai and then used some of his strength and said, “Your actions are useless, the Blood Void wouldn’t stop as long as blood is present . The blood in here is already enough, and with our own blood as a primer, the Demon army will now come and avenge us . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Demon and said, “Your spell should be the self-destruct spell right? You’re just talking to me in order to pass time and include me in your explosion . Hehe, I know how strong you people are as well as how formidable the Blood Void is . However, you aren’t aware of how strong I am . ”

The Demon’s complexion changed, his incantation was truly the self-destruct spell . This spell absorbs the strength of several people in order to create a very big explosion . Everything that he did before was to make Zhao Hai think that he was casting a spell in order to activate the formation . He wanted to use this method in order to kill Zhao Hai .

Actually, he was taking a risk . He knew that he wouldn’t be able to live, so he just planned to use his and the others’ blood in order to help power the formation . If he can kill Zhao Hai in the process, then it would greatly benefit





the Demon Realm .

However, he didn’t know that Zhao Hai was aware of his spell . He also discovered that Zhao Hai was quite knowledgeable about the Demons . One has to know that when the Demons and the Humans fought the last time, the Demons still hadn’t invented this spell, so it was impossible for the Humans to recognize it . For Zhao Hai to know about it was truly a surprise for the Demon .

Zhao Hai looked at the Demon and said, “Do you find it strange, the reason why I know this? Well, I’m not going to tell you, think about it for the rest of your life . ” Then Zhao Hai’s went back, leaving the area completely .

Naturally, the reason why Zhao Hai knew about this was Cai’er . Demons completely ignored the fact that plants were ever present in the Demon Realm . And at the same time, they were unaware of the existence of Cai’er .

Cai’er was a plant that had been watching the Demon Realm for many years, she might even know more about the Demon Realm compared to the Demons . Therefore, the Blood Void, as well as the self destruct incantation was something that she knew about .

This Blood Void was a truly powerful Demon formation, its might was quite strong for a magic formation of its kind . However, something unusually strange about this formation was that its power was exerted on someplace else .

This kind of magic formation was called a primary-secondary formation . It was a set of formation that had two parts, the blood formation and the void formation . The blood portion was the energy provider of the formation . It would collect blood and transform it into energy . Then the blood formation would then transfer the energy over to the void formation where the power is fully exerted .

Most importantly, this magic formation was irreversible, it cannot be stopped . In other words, as long as the formation is established and blood was supplied, this formation would start immediately . If the blood supplied was few, then the power would be small as well, otherwise, if the blood was in high volume, then the formation would be very formidable . With how much blood was supplied





supplied on this formation under Accra Mountain, Zhao Hai knew that it would be formidable, at the same time, the void formation was surely inside the Demonic Abyss .

After the Blood Void starts, it would take seven days before its full power can be exhibited . If someone wanted to destroy this formation in advance, then the formation would activate in advance as well . This made Zhao Hai decide to refrain from using his Bone Dragons to attack it . If he would destroy this formation, then the Demons would be coming in advance . If he just let this formation be, then he would still have seven days to prepare . [1]

The only reason why Zhao Hai attacked the Demons was to gauge how powerful they were . In the future, when the battle starts, Zhao Hai would have a basis on how strong a Demon army would be .

These Demons were truly fierce, they were 9th ranks, but in Cai’er’s words, the status of these specific Demons shouldn’t be high . They would at the very most be medium-rank . There might be a lot of these Demons in the Demon Realm, however, their army would surely be mostly comprised of low-ranked Demons, with the worst one being weaker than a Human 6th rank . But in general, a group of Human 7th ranks wouldn’t be able to contend with a group of low-ranked demons .

After hearing this, Zhao Hai’s heart couldn’t help but turn heavy . He thought that he would be fighting the Divine Race, but instead, it seems like he would be facing the Demons first .

But he didn’t regret his action in Accra Mountain, killing the magic beasts and fueling the Blood Void formation in the process . Zhao Hai knew that if he didn’t exterminate the magic beasts, then the Demons would still do it secretly just as what they did with the Dragons . The outcome of their method was no different to Zhao Hai’s plan to kill the magic beasts .

On the other hand, Zhao Hai was quite happy . He was happy to know about all of these, and the fact that he had seven days to prepare . Otherwise, if the Demons were to suddenly emerge from the Demonic Abyss, then many deaths would occur





would occur due to the Humans being caught off guard .

Just as the Zhao Hai left, the Demons exploded as well . However, Zhao Hai casted a protective shield over the formation, otherwise it might get destroyed and activate the formation in Demonic Abyss in advance .

The Demon explosion was quite strong, but since Zhao Hai was now a God-ranked expert, he didn’t bother to block . The Demons’ bodies weren’t spared and their blood fuelled the formation . Seeing all of these, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh, he knew that because of this, the void formation would get stronger .

After lamenting on the fact, Zhao Hai’s body flashed as he entered the Space . Green and the others’ expressions were quite ugly while they were sitting on the villa’s living room . They were able to witness what just happened, they didn’t expect that the day for battle had come this quickly .

When Zhao Hai entered the living room, he turned his head to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, you should return to the Black Wasteland and prepare . Turn the entire place into something suitable for retreat . When the war comes, I’m afraid a lot of refugees would be forced to flee their homes . You must be ready to accept them . ”

Green nodded, then Zhao Hai turned to Kun and said, “Grandpa Kun, you should head back to Golden Island and prepare as well . Have all the ships equipped for war . At the same time, have Golden Island be primed to be a stopover station . ”

Kun also nodded, then Zhao Hai sighed as he retrieved his messenger fish . Then he talked to to it, “Your Majesty, can you hear me? Please answer if you can . ”

Then the voice of the Mermaid Queen was heard, “I can hear mister, is there something wrong?”

Zhao Hai sighed once again, then he reiterated how he discovered the Demons as well as the matter with the Blood Void formation . After telling his story, Zhao Hai said, “I hope that Your Majesty would have her people prepare . Battle would come soon . When the time comes, the Fishman race can enter a channel that I would open that would lead you to the continent . I hope you can provide

you can provide us with suitable support . ”

The Queen didn’t think that the matter would come this fast, however, she still immediately replied, “Alright, Mister can feel relieved . I shall immediately arrange a Fishman army that can head to the continent right now . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “Then I’ll have to thank Your Majesty in advance . I shall go and inform the others, so I need to leave the conversation first . Take care, Your Majesty . ”

The Queen replied, “Mister, you take care as well . Your significance to the continent is quite huge . I hope that you can protect yourself well . ’

Zhao Hai calmly replied, “Your Majesty can rest assured, I shall take care of myself . Then, Your Majesty, farewell . ”

Then Zhao Hai retrieved his Messenger Fish and the took out another Fish . This messenger fish would connect to the Beast King . Zhao Hai immediately talked to the Beast King and told him about the situation, then he had the Beastmen prepare their army to fight at any time . The Beast King didn’t say anything and just agreed . The Beast King already made ample preparations, so he wasn’t too anxious about this matter .

The Zhao Hai called Billy and the Elf Queen, explaining everything to them as well . Then Zhao Hai came out of the Space and appeared inside Rosen Empire’s palace .

Zhao Hai didn’t plan to delay, he only has seven days to prepare . At this point, the Human nations were completely unaware of what was about to happen . One could say that they had zero preparation . With only seven days to prepare, this time frame was truly very short .

Because of this, Zhao Hai wanted to save as much time as possible . He would first look for the Rosen Emperor, convincing him of the events and then have him sign the beast skin scroll . After that, Zhao Hai would proceed to approach the other Emperors of the continent .

Took me a very long time to read this along with the previous chapter . In the end, they just don’t add up . In the past chapter, Zhao Hai seems to be uninformed, but here, he was .  Chapter 675 Seven Days Zhao Hai didn t bother himself with those Demons who were injured and were still moving . He believed that those Demons were already dead, they just kept their movements due to their abundant lifeforce . Zhao Hai s judgement was correct . These Demons were already dead, but since they lived in the Demon Realm all their life, their vitality was just too strong, so these fatal strikes weren t able to kill them straight away . After counter attacking, these Demons should be motionless, this was a common deathrattle for Demons . The middle Demon didn t stop his incantation as he looked coldly at Zhao Hai . The incantation continued on, he didn t move even a single bit . Even as Zhao Hai stabbed his sword through this throat, the Demon just looked at Zhao Hai . Blood was now flowing out of his mouth, but he still kept mumbling the spell . The Demon smiled at Zhao Hai and then used some of his strength and said, Your actions are useless, the Blood Void wouldn t stop as long as blood is present . The blood in here is already enough, and with our own blood as a primer, the Demon army will now come and avenge us . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon and said, Your spell should be the self destruct spell right You re just talking to me in order to pass time and include me in your explosion . Hehe, I know how strong you people are as well as how formidable the Blood Void is . However, you aren t aware of how strong I am . The Demon s complexion changed, his incantation was truly the self destruct spell . This spell absorbs the strength of several people in order to create a very big explosion . Everything that he did before was to make Zhao Hai think that he was casting a spell in order to activate the formation . He wanted to use this method in order to kill Zhao Hai . Actually, he was taking a risk . He knew that he wouldn t be able to live, so he just planned to use his and the others blood in order to help power the formation . If he can kill Zhao Hai in the process, then it would greatly benefit the Demon Realm . However, he didn t know that Zhao Hai was aware of his spell . He also discovered that Zhao Hai was quite knowledgeable about the Demons . One has to know that when the Demons and the Humans fought the last time, the Demons still hadn t invented this spell, so it was impossible for the Humans to recognize it . For Zhao Hai to know about it was truly a surprise for the Demon . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon and said, Do you find it strange, the reason why I know this Well, I m not going to tell you, think about it for the rest of your life . Then Zhao Hai s went back, leaving the area completely . Naturally, the reason why Zhao Hai knew about this was Cai er . Demons completely ignored the fact that plants were ever present in the Demon Realm . And at the same time, they were unaware of the existence of Cai er . Cai er was a plant that had been watching the Demon Realm for many years, she might even know more about the Demon Realm compared to the Demons . Therefore, the Blood Void, as well as the self destruct incantation was something that she knew about . This Blood Void was a truly powerful Demon formation, its might was quite strong for a magic formation of its kind . However, something unusually strange about this formation was that its power was exerted on someplace else . This kind of magic formation was called a primary secondary formation . It was a set of formation that had two parts, the blood formation and the void formation . The blood portion was the energy provider of the formation . It would collect blood and transform it into energy . Then the blood formation would then transfer the energy over to the void formation where the power is fully exerted . Most importantly, this magic formation was irreversible, it cannot be stopped . In other words, as long as the formation is established and blood was supplied, this formation would start immediately . If the blood supplied was few, then the power would be small as well, otherwise, if the blood was in high volume, then the formation would be very formidable . With how much blood was supplied on this formation under Accra Mountain, Zhao Hai knew that it would be formidable, at the same time, the void formation was surely inside the Demonic Abyss . After the Blood Void starts, it would take seven days before its full power can be exhibited . If someone wanted to destroy this formation in advance, then the formation would activate in advance as well . This made Zhao Hai decide to refrain from using his Bone Dragons to attack it . If he would destroy this formation, then the Demons would be coming in advance . If he just let this formation be, then he would still have seven days to prepare . 1 The only reason why Zhao Hai attacked the Demons was to gauge how powerful they were . In the future, when the battle starts, Zhao Hai would have a basis on how strong a Demon army would be . These Demons were truly fierce, they were 9th ranks, but in Cai er s words, the status of these specific Demons shouldn t be high . They would at the very most be medium rank . There might be a lot of these Demons in the Demon Realm, however, their army would surely be mostly comprised of low ranked Demons, with the worst one being weaker than a Human 6th rank . But in general, a group of Human 7th ranks wouldn t be able to contend with a group of low ranked demons . After hearing this, Zhao Hai s heart couldn t help but turn heavy . He thought that he would be fighting the Divine Race, but instead, it seems like he would be facing the Demons first . But he didn t regret his action in Accra Mountain, killing the magic beasts and fueling the Blood Void formation in the process . Zhao Hai knew that if he didn t exterminate the magic beasts, then the Demons would still do it secretly just as what they did with the Dragons . The outcome of their method was no different to Zhao Hai s plan to kill the magic beasts . On the other hand, Zhao Hai was quite happy . He was happy to know about all of these, and the fact that he had seven days to prepare . Otherwise, if the Demons were to suddenly emerge from the Demonic Abyss, then many deaths would occur due to the Humans being caught off guard . Just as the Zhao Hai left, the Demons exploded as well . However, Zhao Hai casted a protective shield over the formation, otherwise it might get destroyed and activate the formation in Demonic Abyss in advance . The Demon explosion was quite strong, but since Zhao Hai was now a God ranked expert, he didn t bother to block . The Demons bodies weren t spared and their blood fuelled the formation . Seeing all of these, Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh, he knew that because of this, the void formation would get stronger . After lamenting on the fact, Zhao Hai s body flashed as he entered the Space . Green and the others expressions were quite ugly while they were sitting on the villa s living room . They were able to witness what just happened, they didn t expect that the day for battle had come this quickly . When Zhao Hai entered the living room, he turned his head to Green and said, Grandpa Green, you should return to the Black Wasteland and prepare . Turn the entire place into something suitable for retreat . When the war comes, I m afraid a lot of refugees would be forced to flee their homes . You must be ready to accept them . Green nodded, then Zhao Hai turned to Kun and said, Grandpa Kun, you should head back to Golden Island and prepare as well . Have all the ships equipped for war . At the same time, have Golden Island be primed to be a stopover station . Kun also nodded, then Zhao Hai sighed as he retrieved his messenger fish . Then he talked to to it, Your Majesty, can you hear me Please answer if you can . Then the voice of the Mermaid Queen was heard, I can hear mister, is there something wrong Zhao Hai sighed once again, then he reiterated how he discovered the Demons as well as the matter with the Blood Void formation . After telling his story, Zhao Hai said, I hope that Your Majesty would have her people prepare . Battle would come soon . When the time comes, the Fishman race can enter a channel that I would open that would lead you to the continent . I hope you can provide us with suitable support . The Queen didn t think that the matter would come this fast, however, she still immediately replied, Alright, Mister can feel relieved . I shall immediately arrange a Fishman army that can head to the continent right now . Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, Then I ll have to thank Your Majesty in advance . I shall go and inform the others, so I need to leave the conversation first . Take care, Your Majesty . The Queen replied, Mister, you take care as well . Your significance to the continent is quite huge . I hope that you can protect yourself well . Zhao Hai calmly replied, Your Majesty can rest assured, I shall take care of myself . Then, Your Majesty, farewell . Then Zhao Hai retrieved his Messenger Fish and the took out another Fish . This messenger fish would connect to the Beast King . Zhao Hai immediately talked to the Beast King and told him about the situation, then he had the Beastmen prepare their army to fight at any time . The Beast King didn t say anything and just agreed . The Beast King already made ample preparations, so he wasn t too anxious about this matter . The Zhao Hai called Billy and the Elf Queen, explaining everything to them as well . Then Zhao Hai came out of the Space and appeared inside Rosen Empire s palace . Zhao Hai didn t plan to delay, he only has seven days to prepare . At this point, the Human nations were completely unaware of what was about to happen . One could say that they had zero preparation . With only seven days to prepare, this time frame was truly very short . Because of this, Zhao Hai wanted to save as much time as possible . He would first look for the Rosen Emperor, convincing him of the events and then have him sign the beast skin scroll . After that, Zhao Hai would proceed to approach the other Emperors of the continent . Took me a very long time to read this along with the previous chapter . In the end, they just don t add up . In the past chapter, Zhao Hai seems to be uninformed, but here, he was .





* * *





Chapter 676 – Rushing About

The place where Zhao Hai appeared on was outside the Emperor’s study . He can just appear inside, but Zhao Hai refrained from doing this in order to save the Emperor some face .

Although the Emperor’s study was quite ordinary, there were some protectors hidden inside . Even the eunuch who was guarding the door outside was an expert himself .

When Zhao Hai appeared, these protectors immediately centered their attention to him . The Eunuch outside the Emperor’s study looked coldly at Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai knew that this Eunuch was always with the Emperor, the Eunuch might look very ordinary, but in reality he was an 8th rank Assassin .

Moreover, Zhao Hai also knew that the fellow that was always with the Emperor was also a high-level expert . However, all of these matters were unimportant to Zhao Hai . He was not here to assassinate the Emperor, therefore, he bowed to the Eunuch and said, “I ask sir Eunuch to please tell Father-in-law that I needed his audience . ”

The Old Eunuch naturally knew who Zhao Hai was, but since Zhao Hai appeared suddenly, he couldn’t help but get hostile . So when he heard Zhao Hai, he immediately returned the bow and said, “I ask the Emperor’s son-in-law to wait for a while . ”

Then the Eunuch opened the door of the study and walked in . Before long, he came out again and gave a bow to Zhao Hai before saying, “The Emperor invites his Son-in-law inside . ” Then he opened the door for Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai gave another bow to the Eunuch and said, “Thank You, Sir Eunuch . ” Then he went inside the study .

The Emperor was standing inside the study with his back facing Zhao Hai . When Zhao Hai entered, he immediately bowed to the Emperor and said, “I have seen Father-in-law . ”

The Emperor turned around and calmly said, “Little Hai, I always thought that you’re quite the discrete person . How come you came in this way this time?”

Zhao Hai understood what the Emperor meant, he was blaming Zhao Hai for being quite crude inside the Imperial Palace . Zhao Hai turned serious as he said, “Something quite sudden happened, so it’s quite urgent . I had no other choice but to use this method, I hope that Father can excuse me . ”

The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, I know that you’re a sensible child . You wouldn’t





do anything without proper purpose . Tell me, what did you come here for?”

Then Zhao Hai took out his beast skin scroll and then handed it over to the Emperor, “I’ll have Father read this first . Then I will explain it to you in detail . ”

The Emperor nodded, then he received the beast skin scroll and slowly opened it . With a serious expression, the Emperor carefully read the contents .

After a short while, he placed the beast skin scroll down and looked at Zhao Hai, “Is this the reason why you dealt with the Dragons? Where are they now?”

With a straight expression, Zhao Hai replied, “They’re all dead . Not only them, all of the magic beasts in Accra Mountain has been exterminated . ”

The Emperor gently knit his eyebrows and said, “You did all of that?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Half of it . The other half is not in my credit . ”

The Emperor was confused with this reply, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What happened? Tell me everything carefully . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he started the story when he fixed the Divine Artifact of the Dwarves, then it moved to how he retrieved the Beast God Spear, then onto when he helped the Fishmen, then to the Elves, and in the end, the Demons . Everything was said quite carefully .

The Emperor listened to Zhao Hai, and when Zhao Hai finished, the Emperor’s face was quite pale, he looked up at Zhao Hai and said, “So you’re saying that in seven days, the spatial rift in the Demonic Abyss would be opened and then a Demon army would come and invade us?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he forced a smile and said, “I’m afraid that is what is going to happen . Moreover, there is no means to stop the Blood Void formation . If we destroy it, then the rift would immediately open . We can’t have the rift open ahead of time . ”

The Emperor stood up, then he walked back and forth inside the study . After some time he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “And the Divine Race? You just said that there’s a possibility that the Divine Race would come . ”

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “Yes father, its highly probable that the Divine Race would come, otherwise, the Dragons wouldn’t have made their move . It is because of this that I needed to deal with the Dragons . Originally, I wanted to come here after I





I had dealt with the matter with the Elves . Then after that, talk to the Emperors of the continent, having everyone work together in order to deal with the Radiant Church . And making us unite when the Divine Race arrives . However, it seems like that wouldn’t work anymore because of the appearance of the Demons as well as the motion of the Dragons . Even if the Demons weren’t present, we still couldn’t afford to have the Dragons take control of the Lyon Empire . . If that happens and the Divine Realm did come, we would be placed in a much more passive position compared to if the Dragons were eliminated . ”

The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai, then he sighed and said, “So it turns out that you had been busy with this for a long time . I really didn’t think that the Demons and the Divine Race would take interest in our continent . It seems like a huge chaos is coming . You can rest assured, I shall immediately have my men prepare . Are you going to the other Empires now?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Yes, the next one that I’ll go to is the Buddha Empire . The Demonic Abyss is situated there . I must have them prepare ahead of time . Father, please sign this beast skin scroll . I’m afraid that I won’t be able to convince the Buddha Emperor if I don’t have your mark . ”

The Emperor nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll sign it immediately so that you can get on your way . ” Then he picked up his pen and signed the beast skin scroll . After that, he handed the scroll over to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai took the scroll before giving the Emperor a bow and then vanished from the room .

After Zhao Hai left, the Emperor talked, “What do you think?”

A chilly voice answered, “Chaos has come . ”

The Emperor nodded, then he turned his head and shouted a command, “Strike the Palace Drums, ring the Warning Bell!” The Eunuch complied and then left his position .

The Palace Drums and the Warning Bell were symbolic items of the Rosen Empire . Only during life and death situations of the Empire would the drums be used . At the same time, when the Warning Bell sounds and rings for 12 times, all the Nobles and Ministers of the Empire should already be inside the Imperial Palace . If one fails





one fails to arrive, then they would have their title revoked and then executed for treason . One could see from these scenarios how important those two items were .

Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to care about this now . He had appeared outside the Buddha Empire’s Imperial palace . He didn’t appear inside the Imperial Palace, after all, he only had a few dealings with the Buddha Empire . His status here wasn’t as high as back in the Rosen Empire .

Zhao Hai knew that if he appeared inside the Imperial Palace, then the Buddha Emperor would surely come to dislike him . For Zhao Hai, this scenario was extremely detrimental to his cause . Therefore, he chose to appear right outside the palace .

After Zhao Hai arrived, he immediately went towards the reception . The reception was just like the one in Rosen Empire . There were two Eunuchs in charge of registering everyone who came to visit . At the same time, there were also some Eunuchs fluttering in all directions .

When Zhao Hai entered the reception, he immediately bowed towards the two Eunuchs, “This one has seen the Sir Eunuchs . This one is Zhao Hai, I’m here to seek an audience with the Buddha Emperor . ”

The two Eunuchs knew about Zhao Hai’s status, therefore, they didn’t dare to ignore him . The two of them stood up and bowed to Zhao Hai as one of them said, “Are you the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, Mister Zhao Hai?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I am indeed Zhao Hai . Please do arrange a meeting with the Emperor . I came here for an urgent matter . ”

The two Eunuchs didn’t dare to delay, so one of them immediately said, “Right, Mister can rest assured, we shall take this matter with haste . Please take a seat first, Mister . ” Then one of the Eunuch wrote Zhao Hai’s name in the record as one of them immediately arranged for someone to inform the Imperial Palace .

The response of the two eunuchs wasn’t strange . Zhao Hai’s status in the Buddha Empire wasn’t low, after all, he has established a magic beast business with the Buddha Empire . At the same time, everyone knew that the Buddha Emperor has a good impression of Zhao Hai . He even hosted a banquet to welcome him, the Emperor was even quite happy when talking to Zhao Hai .

And most importantly, rumors has been circulating in the past

in the past two days . It was said that Zhao Hai had eliminated 40 Dragons inside the Lyon Empire’s capital . Zhao Hai has become the first Human to slay a Dragon in the current history of the Human race .

Therefore, these eunuchs didn’t dare to neglect Zhao Hai’s visit . Even if they had all the courage of their lifetime, they still wouldn’t dare to offend someone who had slain a Dragon .

Before long, a young eunuch came and bowed to Zhao Hai, “Mister, please come with me . The Emperor has invited you over to his study . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he walked towards the Imperial Palace along with that young eunuch . It didn’t take a long time before they arrived outside the Buddha Emperor’s study . The Eunuch who guarded the Emperor’s study immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, come in . His Majesty is already waiting for you . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then entered the room .

The Buddha Emperor was already standing inside, waiting for Zhao Hai to come in . When he saw Zhao Hai arrive, the Buddha Emperor immediately laughed and said, “Mister, why did you come? What made you so anxious that you had to make an urgent appointment?”

Zhao Hai bowed and replied, “I have seen Your Majesty . I came here this time in order to discuss about an important matter . ”

The Emperor smiled and said, “Mister is too polite . Please sit down and then tell me . ”

After Zhao Hai gave his thanks to the Emperor, he took out his beast skin scroll and said, “Your Majesty, please take a look at this first . Then I will tell you the details . ”

The Buddha Emperor smiled, then he received the scroll and slowly unraveled ut . His response was similar to the Rosen Emperor . He had a shocked expression while he read the scroll . Then he looked up at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are the contents in here true?”

Zhao Hao nodded and said, “This is a crucial matter, so how can I deceive Your Majesty? This information only tells a small part of the story . The reason why I deal with the Dragons was because… . . ” Then Zhao Hai told the Emperor everything up to the Demon Race’s matter . When the Buddha Emperor heard that a spatial rift would open, and moreover, in the Demonic Abyss, his face couldn’t help but turn pale .

 Chapter 676 Rushing About The place where Zhao Hai appeared on was outside the Emperor s study . He can just appear inside, but Zhao Hai refrained from doing this in order to save the Emperor some face . Although the Emperor s study was quite ordinary, there were some protectors hidden inside . Even the eunuch who was guarding the door outside was an expert himself . When Zhao Hai appeared, these protectors immediately centered their attention to him . The Eunuch outside the Emperor s study looked coldly at Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai knew that this Eunuch was always with the Emperor, the Eunuch might look very ordinary, but in reality he was an 8th rank Assassin . Moreover, Zhao Hai also knew that the fellow that was always with the Emperor was also a high level expert . However, all of these matters were unimportant to Zhao Hai . He was not here to assassinate the Emperor, therefore, he bowed to the Eunuch and said, I ask sir Eunuch to please tell Father in law that I needed his audience . The Old Eunuch naturally knew who Zhao Hai was, but since Zhao Hai appeared suddenly, he couldn t help but get hostile . So when he heard Zhao Hai, he immediately returned the bow and said, I ask the Emperor s son in law to wait for a while . Then the Eunuch opened the door of the study and walked in . Before long, he came out again and gave a bow to Zhao Hai before saying, The Emperor invites his Son in law inside . Then he opened the door for Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai gave another bow to the Eunuch and said, Thank You, Sir Eunuch . Then he went inside the study . The Emperor was standing inside the study with his back facing Zhao Hai . When Zhao Hai entered, he immediately bowed to the Emperor and said, I have seen Father in law . The Emperor turned around and calmly said, Little Hai, I always thought that you re quite the discrete person . How come you came in this way this time Zhao Hai understood what the Emperor meant, he was blaming Zhao Hai for being quite crude inside the Imperial Palace . Zhao Hai turned serious as he said, Something quite sudden happened, so it s quite urgent . I had no other choice but to use this method, I hope that Father can excuse me . The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and said, Alright, I know that you re a sensible child . You wouldn t do anything without proper purpose . Tell me, what did you come here for Then Zhao Hai took out his beast skin scroll and then handed it over to the Emperor, I ll have Father read this first . Then I will explain it to you in detail . The Emperor nodded, then he received the beast skin scroll and slowly opened it . With a serious expression, the Emperor carefully read the contents . After a short while, he placed the beast skin scroll down and looked at Zhao Hai, Is this the reason why you dealt with the Dragons Where are they now With a straight expression, Zhao Hai replied, They re all dead . Not only them, all of the magic beasts in Accra Mountain has been exterminated . The Emperor gently knit his eyebrows and said, You did all of that Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, Half of it . The other half is not in my credit . The Emperor was confused with this reply, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, What happened Tell me everything carefully . Zhao Hai nodded, then he started the story when he fixed the Divine Artifact of the Dwarves, then it moved to how he retrieved the Beast God Spear, then onto when he helped the Fishmen, then to the Elves, and in the end, the Demons . Everything was said quite carefully . The Emperor listened to Zhao Hai, and when Zhao Hai finished, the Emperor s face was quite pale, he looked up at Zhao Hai and said, So you re saying that in seven days, the spatial rift in the Demonic Abyss would be opened and then a Demon army would come and invade us Zhao Hai nodded, then he forced a smile and said, I m afraid that is what is going to happen . Moreover, there is no means to stop the Blood Void formation . If we destroy it, then the rift would immediately open . We can t have the rift open ahead of time . The Emperor stood up, then he walked back and forth inside the study . After some time he looked at Zhao Hai and said, And the Divine Race You just said that there s a possibility that the Divine Race would come . Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, Yes father, its highly probable that the Divine Race would come, otherwise, the Dragons wouldn t have made their move . It is because of this that I needed to deal with the Dragons . Originally, I wanted to come here after I had dealt with the matter with the Elves . Then after that, talk to the Emperors of the continent, having everyone work together in order to deal with the Radiant Church . And making us unite when the Divine Race arrives . However, it seems like that wouldn t work anymore because of the appearance of the Demons as well as the motion of the Dragons . Even if the Demons weren t present, we still couldn t afford to have the Dragons take control of the Lyon Empire . . If that happens and the Divine Realm did come, we would be placed in a much more passive position compared to if the Dragons were eliminated . The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai, then he sighed and said, So it turns out that you had been busy with this for a long time . I really didn t think that the Demons and the Divine Race would take interest in our continent . It seems like a huge chaos is coming . You can rest assured, I shall immediately have my men prepare . Are you going to the other Empires now Zhao Hai nodded, Yes, the next one that I ll go to is the Buddha Empire . The Demonic Abyss is situated there . I must have them prepare ahead of time . Father, please sign this beast skin scroll . I m afraid that I won t be able to convince the Buddha Emperor if I don t have your mark . The Emperor nodded and said, Alright, then I ll sign it immediately so that you can get on your way . Then he picked up his pen and signed the beast skin scroll . After that, he handed the scroll over to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai took the scroll before giving the Emperor a bow and then vanished from the room . After Zhao Hai left, the Emperor talked, What do you think A chilly voice answered, Chaos has come . The Emperor nodded, then he turned his head and shouted a command, Strike the Palace Drums, ring the Warning Bell The Eunuch complied and then left his position . The Palace Drums and the Warning Bell were symbolic items of the Rosen Empire . Only during life and death situations of the Empire would the drums be used . At the same time, when the Warning Bell sounds and rings for 12 times, all the Nobles and Ministers of the Empire should already be inside the Imperial Palace . If one fails to arrive, then they would have their title revoked and then executed for treason . One could see from these scenarios how important those two items were . Zhao Hai didn t have the mood to care about this now . He had appeared outside the Buddha Empire s Imperial palace . He didn t appear inside the Imperial Palace, after all, he only had a few dealings with the Buddha Empire . His status here wasn t as high as back in the Rosen Empire . Zhao Hai knew that if he appeared inside the Imperial Palace, then the Buddha Emperor would surely come to dislike him . For Zhao Hai, this scenario was extremely detrimental to his cause . Therefore, he chose to appear right outside the palace . After Zhao Hai arrived, he immediately went towards the reception . The reception was just like the one in Rosen Empire . There were two Eunuchs in charge of registering everyone who came to visit . At the same time, there were also some Eunuchs fluttering in all directions . When Zhao Hai entered the reception, he immediately bowed towards the two Eunuchs, This one has seen the Sir Eunuchs . This one is Zhao Hai, I m here to seek an audience with the Buddha Emperor . The two Eunuchs knew about Zhao Hai s status, therefore, they didn t dare to ignore him . The two of them stood up and bowed to Zhao Hai as one of them said, Are you the Buda Clan s Patriarch, Mister Zhao Hai Zhao Hai nodded and said, I am indeed Zhao Hai . Please do arrange a meeting with the Emperor . I came here for an urgent matter . The two Eunuchs didn t dare to delay, so one of them immediately said, Right, Mister can rest assured, we shall take this matter with haste . Please take a seat first, Mister . Then one of the Eunuch wrote Zhao Hai s name in the record as one of them immediately arranged for someone to inform the Imperial Palace . The response of the two eunuchs wasn t strange . Zhao Hai s status in the Buddha Empire wasn t low, after all, he has established a magic beast business with the Buddha Empire . At the same time, everyone knew that the Buddha Emperor has a good impression of Zhao Hai . He even hosted a banquet to welcome him, the Emperor was even quite happy when talking to Zhao Hai . And most importantly, rumors has been circulating in the past two days . It was said that Zhao Hai had eliminated 40 Dragons inside the Lyon Empire s capital . Zhao Hai has become the first Human to slay a Dragon in the current history of the Human race . Therefore, these eunuchs didn t dare to neglect Zhao Hai s visit . Even if they had all the courage of their lifetime, they still wouldn t dare to offend someone who had slain a Dragon . Before long, a young eunuch came and bowed to Zhao Hai, Mister, please come with me . The Emperor has invited you over to his study . Zhao Hai nodded, then he walked towards the Imperial Palace along with that young eunuch . It didn t take a long time before they arrived outside the Buddha Emperor s study . The Eunuch who guarded the Emperor s study immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, Mister, come in . His Majesty is already waiting for you . Zhao Hai nodded and then entered the room . The Buddha Emperor was already standing inside, waiting for Zhao Hai to come in . When he saw Zhao Hai arrive, the Buddha Emperor immediately laughed and said, Mister, why did you come What made you so anxious that you had to make an urgent appointment Zhao Hai bowed and replied, I have seen Your Majesty . I came here this time in order to discuss about an important matter . The Emperor smiled and said, Mister is too polite . Please sit down and then tell me . After Zhao Hai gave his thanks to the Emperor, he took out his beast skin scroll and said, Your Majesty, please take a look at this first . Then I will tell you the details . The Buddha Emperor smiled, then he received the scroll and slowly unraveled ut . His response was similar to the Rosen Emperor . He had a shocked expression while he read the scroll . Then he looked up at Zhao Hai and said, Mister, are the contents in here true Zhao Hao nodded and said, This is a crucial matter, so how can I deceive Your Majesty This information only tells a small part of the story . The reason why I deal with the Dragons was because . . Then Zhao Hai told the Emperor everything up to the Demon Race s matter . When the Buddha Emperor heard that a spatial rift would open, and moreover, in the Demonic Abyss, his face couldn t help but turn pale .





* * *





Chapter 677 – Your Excellency, You Have No Choice But To Govern Us

What can seven days make?

If this question was presented to the commoners, then they would surely provide a multitude of answers . However, for an Emperor who would receive an attack on his empire, these seven days was just too short .

This was what the Buddha Emperor was thinking about right now . Seven days was just too short, he was stumped on what to do .

When Zhao Hai left the Buddha Empire, he then went to the Aksu Empire to tell Boris of this information . Although Zhao Hai and Boris had a grudge in the past, Boris was now quite angry towards the Radiant Church . Moreover, this was a Demon invasion, so no matter what, Zhao Hai still needs to tell Boris about it . After all, Boris was also an Emperor of a Human nation .

After he awkwardly told the news to Boris, Zhao Hai went back to the Lyon Empire . Zhao Hai knew what was currently going on in the Lyon Empire . The Empire was now in a state of anarchy . The Great Nobles were currently managing the Empire . However, in the minds of these Nobles, Zhao Hai was the Lyon Empire’s current ruler . Therefore, it was Zhao Hai’s tasks to manage the things in the Empire .

Zhao Hai didn’t teleport towards the Lyon Empire . Instead, after he came out of the Space, he rode on the back of a Bone Dragon and then entered the capital .

Just as he arrived at the capital’s skies, he immediately discovered that the place exploded into cheers . Zhao Hai looked downward and saw civilian people standing on the square and cheering at him .

Zhao Hai wasn’t expecting the situation, he didn’t’t think that the Lyon Empire’s commoners would like him this much . This made him confused, in his opinion, he didn’t do anything . So why would these people cheer for him?

Although the Dragons had ruled the Empire for a few days, but because of how overboard the lesser dragons had become, killing civilians whenever they want, it wasn’t strange that the civilians had already hated the Dragons .

But since the Dragons were very powerful, and were quite known to be invincible,





the commoners were left not being able to resist . Now that Zhao Hai had eliminated the Dragons, the civilians were naturally very happy .

While riding the Bone Dragon, Zhao Hai flew directly to the Lyon Empire’s palace . As soon as he landed on the square, the Great Nobles immediately welcomed him . They originally weren’t in the palace, but when they heard that Zhao Hai had come, they immediately went to see him .

Zhao Hai looked at the nobles and then said, “Let’s go to the Great Hall, I have something to tell you all . ” Then he turned to walk towards the Imperial Palace Great Hall .

These Nobles looked at Zhao Hai with no hostility, instead, all of them had a very happy expression . In their minds, for Zhao Hai to go to the Great Hall, this meant that he had accepted his own status, and that he would rule the Lyon Empire .

Moreover, the mere fact that Zhao Hai came back meant that his fight with the Dragons was finished . After seeing Zhao Hai being safe and sound, without a single scratch on his body, it showed the nobles that Zhao Hai did indeed have the overwhelming strength to face the Dragons!

These Great Nobles didn’t think that Zhao Hai could eliminate the Dragons . In their opinion, this task was impossible . Not suffering any losses was already good, so how was is possible to eradicate the Dragons .

When Zhao Hai headed to the Great Hall, these Nobles also followed behind him . Zhao Hai looked at the throne in the Great Hall and then sighed . He didn’t sit on the throne and just turned to look at the Nobles . These Nobles felt a chill when they met Zhao Hai’s gaze . They couldn’t help but get startled, they knew that Zhao Hai didn’t like them, so they just lowered their heads in obedience .

After scanning the Nobles, Zhao Hai said, “Did you know what you just did? You almost made the Humans fall into an irredeemable place just because of benefits . I really want to kill all of you, I really do!”

The Nobles lowered their heads further . They can feel the killing intent in Zhao Hai’s words . If that killing intent was tangible,





tangible, then they would have had trouble breathing .

Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then he turned his hand over and retrieved the beast skin scroll, then he threw it over to a Great Noble and said, “Look at it yourself and see if I am exaggerating . ”

The Great Noble caught the beast skin scroll and looked at it . He read the contents of the scroll and when he was finished, he was coldly sweating when he looked at Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then the Great Noble couldn’t help but bend his waist . Then the scroll was handed over to the next noble who had the exact same reaction as the first one . The scroll was then passed over to the Great Nobles inside the Hall before the scroll returned to Zhao Hai’s hands . At this point, the Nobles in the hall were having pale expressions . The word ‘frightened’ was an understatement .

Zhao Hai swept his gaze across the hall and then sighed, “There’s no use in scolding all of you right now . I’m not familiar with the Lyon Empire, so I cannot be the Emperor . With how things are going, I don’t have the time to be a ruler . You have seven days to prepare . ” Then Zhao Hai told them about his encounter with the Demons back in Accra Mountain .

The mouths of these Nobles were gaped open as their eyes stared straight at Zhao Hai, it seems like they had turned into idiots . They didn’t think that a calamity has come . The Demons would arrive to the continent soon . This was the Demons, beings who would kill humans without even blinking . How could this be!

Zhao Hai looked at the expressions of these Nobles and coldly snorted, making these Great Nobles recover their senses . All of them looked at each other, they didn’t think that matters would come this quickly . There were seven days before the Demon army arrives, what can they do in these seven days?

Zhao Hai snorted and said, “Seven days, think about what you would do in seven days . It would be impossible for me to stay in the Lyon Empire for all this time . I shall be heading to the Buddha Empire in





Empire in order to assist them with resisting the Demon Army . As for the Lyon Empire? It would be left to your discretion . Whether you want it to crumble or to return to its former glory before the Dragons arrived, I don’t care . All of these shall be left to all of you to take care of . ”

And just as Zhao Hai finished talking, the Great Nobles knelt in front of him as the oldest one of them said, “Your Excellency, you have no other choice but to govern us . We know that we had made a mistake, but we truly didn’t expect the situation to reach this degree . We ask Your Excellency to remain . We want you to be the Lyon Empire’s rules, please stay here . ”

The other nobles expressed their agreement . When he saw these people, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel a headache . He does not have the time to manage an Empire at this time . The Demons were about to appear and he needs to be in the frontlines of battle to block them . This would give the Rosen Empire and the other powers to make their proper arrangements .

Zhao Hai looked at the Great Nobles and sighed, “I really dont’ have the time to manage the Lyon Empire . The Demons are coming soon, and I need to head towards the Demonic Abyss right now in order to find a way to block the Demons . Only in this way would the continent be able to have a little more time to prepare . ”

The Nobles looked at each other, they knew that what Zhao Hai said was true . But at this time, the Lyon Empire needed Zhao Hai . After the matter with the Dragons, the Great Nobles weren’t exactly well regarded by the population . No matter which one of them were to become the Emperor, the civilians would naturally disagree . And a chaotic Lyon Empire wasn’t what they need right now, seeing that the Demons have come .

At the same time, Zhao Hai also knew that what the old Noble said was true, he couldn’t help but have a headache . Zhao Hai was aware that the Great Nobles had already lost popular support . This was

This was because they were largely responsible for the Dragons’ quick occupation of the Lyon Empire . The commoners had hostile feeling to these fellows, and if one of them were to get the throne, then the entire Empire would definitely thrown into chaos . On the other hand, if Zhao Hai were to take the seat of the Emperor, then the populace would surely accept it .

Thinking about these matter did indeed cause Zhao Hai’s head to ache, he looked at these Nobles and couldn’t help but sigh, “I can be the Emperor and I shall go and announce it outside later . But after that, I shall be heading to the Demonic Abyss . The remaining matters would need to be handed over to all of you . However, I shall have someone supervise all of your actions .

When the Great Nobles heard Zhao Hai, they immediately burst into happiness . Zhao Hai doing this meant that he would just be an Emperor in name, while the nobles had the true power in their hands . However, this happiness wasn’t because of the power, it was because of Zhao Hai accepting the throne . If he still declined, then the Lyon Empire would be finished .

Once the Lyon Empire turned chaotic, the ones who would lose out greatly would be these Nobles . Although they were thousand year old clans, their roots were still in the Lyon Empire . They couldn’t afford to have the Empire be in a chaotic state .

Zhao Hai looked at the Nobles of this Empire, then he coldly snorted and said, “Wait a moment . ” Then his body vanished . Before long, he reappeared along with two other people . On of them was a man with a stature that was tall and big, he was about two meters tall . The other one was a woman, tall and beautiful, but her complexion was quite pale, it seems like she was not quite healthy .

Zhao Hai looked at these Nobles and said, “I’ll be heading to the Demonic Abyss . The matters of the Empire shall be handed to all of you . This is Evan and Ruyen . If there’s something that you cannot decide on, then ask for their opinion . Understood?”

 Chapter 677 Your Excellency, You Have No Choice But To Govern Us What can seven days make If this question was presented to the commoners, then they would surely provide a multitude of answers . However, for an Emperor who would receive an attack on his empire, these seven days was just too short . This was what the Buddha Emperor was thinking about right now . Seven days was just too short, he was stumped on what to do . When Zhao Hai left the Buddha Empire, he then went to the Aksu Empire to tell Boris of this information . Although Zhao Hai and Boris had a grudge in the past, Boris was now quite angry towards the Radiant Church . Moreover, this was a Demon invasion, so no matter what, Zhao Hai still needs to tell Boris about it . After all, Boris was also an Emperor of a Human nation . After he awkwardly told the news to Boris, Zhao Hai went back to the Lyon Empire . Zhao Hai knew what was currently going on in the Lyon Empire . The Empire was now in a state of anarchy . The Great Nobles were currently managing the Empire . However, in the minds of these Nobles, Zhao Hai was the Lyon Empire s current ruler . Therefore, it was Zhao Hai s tasks to manage the things in the Empire . Zhao Hai didn t teleport towards the Lyon Empire . Instead, after he came out of the Space, he rode on the back of a Bone Dragon and then entered the capital . Just as he arrived at the capital s skies, he immediately discovered that the place exploded into cheers . Zhao Hai looked downward and saw civilian people standing on the square and cheering at him . Zhao Hai wasn t expecting the situation, he didn t t think that the Lyon Empire s commoners would like him this much . This made him confused, in his opinion, he didn t do anything . So why would these people cheer for him Although the Dragons had ruled the Empire for a few days, but because of how overboard the lesser dragons had become, killing civilians whenever they want, it wasn t strange that the civilians had already hated the Dragons . But since the Dragons were very powerful, and were quite known to be invincible, the commoners were left not being able to resist . Now that Zhao Hai had eliminated the Dragons, the civilians were naturally very happy . While riding the Bone Dragon, Zhao Hai flew directly to the Lyon Empire s palace . As soon as he landed on the square, the Great Nobles immediately welcomed him . They originally weren t in the palace, but when they heard that Zhao Hai had come, they immediately went to see him . Zhao Hai looked at the nobles and then said, Let s go to the Great Hall, I have something to tell you all . Then he turned to walk towards the Imperial Palace Great Hall . These Nobles looked at Zhao Hai with no hostility, instead, all of them had a very happy expression . In their minds, for Zhao Hai to go to the Great Hall, this meant that he had accepted his own status, and that he would rule the Lyon Empire . Moreover, the mere fact that Zhao Hai came back meant that his fight with the Dragons was finished . After seeing Zhao Hai being safe and sound, without a single scratch on his body, it showed the nobles that Zhao Hai did indeed have the overwhelming strength to face the Dragons These Great Nobles didn t think that Zhao Hai could eliminate the Dragons . In their opinion, this task was impossible . Not suffering any losses was already good, so how was is possible to eradicate the Dragons . When Zhao Hai headed to the Great Hall, these Nobles also followed behind him . Zhao Hai looked at the throne in the Great Hall and then sighed . He didn t sit on the throne and just turned to look at the Nobles . These Nobles felt a chill when they met Zhao Hai s gaze . They couldn t help but get startled, they knew that Zhao Hai didn t like them, so they just lowered their heads in obedience . After scanning the Nobles, Zhao Hai said, Did you know what you just did You almost made the Humans fall into an irredeemable place just because of benefits . I really want to kill all of you, I really do The Nobles lowered their heads further . They can feel the killing intent in Zhao Hai s words . If that killing intent was tangible, then they would have had trouble breathing . Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then he turned his hand over and retrieved the beast skin scroll, then he threw it over to a Great Noble and said, Look at it yourself and see if I am exaggerating . The Great Noble caught the beast skin scroll and looked at it . He read the contents of the scroll and when he was finished, he was coldly sweating when he looked at Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then the Great Noble couldn t help but bend his waist . Then the scroll was handed over to the next noble who had the exact same reaction as the first one . The scroll was then passed over to the Great Nobles inside the Hall before the scroll returned to Zhao Hai s hands . At this point, the Nobles in the hall were having pale expressions . The word frightened was an understatement . Zhao Hai swept his gaze across the hall and then sighed, There s no use in scolding all of you right now . I m not familiar with the Lyon Empire, so I cannot be the Emperor . With how things are going, I don t have the time to be a ruler . You have seven days to prepare . Then Zhao Hai told them about his encounter with the Demons back in Accra Mountain . The mouths of these Nobles were gaped open as their eyes stared straight at Zhao Hai, it seems like they had turned into idiots . They didn t think that a calamity has come . The Demons would arrive to the continent soon . This was the Demons, beings who would kill humans without even blinking . How could this be Zhao Hai looked at the expressions of these Nobles and coldly snorted, making these Great Nobles recover their senses . All of them looked at each other, they didn t think that matters would come this quickly . There were seven days before the Demon army arrives, what can they do in these seven days Zhao Hai snorted and said, Seven days, think about what you would do in seven days . It would be impossible for me to stay in the Lyon Empire for all this time . I shall be heading to the Buddha Empire in order to assist them with resisting the Demon Army . As for the Lyon Empire It would be left to your discretion . Whether you want it to crumble or to return to its former glory before the Dragons arrived, I don t care . All of these shall be left to all of you to take care of . And just as Zhao Hai finished talking, the Great Nobles knelt in front of him as the oldest one of them said, Your Excellency, you have no other choice but to govern us . We know that we had made a mistake, but we truly didn t expect the situation to reach this degree . We ask Your Excellency to remain . We want you to be the Lyon Empire s rules, please stay here . The other nobles expressed their agreement . When he saw these people, Zhao Hai couldn t help but feel a headache . He does not have the time to manage an Empire at this time . The Demons were about to appear and he needs to be in the frontlines of battle to block them . This would give the Rosen Empire and the other powers to make their proper arrangements . Zhao Hai looked at the Great Nobles and sighed, I really dont have the time to manage the Lyon Empire . The Demons are coming soon, and I need to head towards the Demonic Abyss right now in order to find a way to block the Demons . Only in this way would the continent be able to have a little more time to prepare . The Nobles looked at each other, they knew that what Zhao Hai said was true . But at this time, the Lyon Empire needed Zhao Hai . After the matter with the Dragons, the Great Nobles weren t exactly well regarded by the population . No matter which one of them were to become the Emperor, the civilians would naturally disagree . And a chaotic Lyon Empire wasn t what they need right now, seeing that the Demons have come . At the same time, Zhao Hai also knew that what the old Noble said was true, he couldn t help but have a headache . Zhao Hai was aware that the Great Nobles had already lost popular support . This was because they were largely responsible for the Dragons quick occupation of the Lyon Empire . The commoners had hostile feeling to these fellows, and if one of them were to get the throne, then the entire Empire would definitely thrown into chaos . On the other hand, if Zhao Hai were to take the seat of the Emperor, then the populace would surely accept it . Thinking about these matter did indeed cause Zhao Hai s head to ache, he looked at these Nobles and couldn t help but sigh, I can be the Emperor and I shall go and announce it outside later . But after that, I shall be heading to the Demonic Abyss . The remaining matters would need to be handed over to all of you . However, I shall have someone supervise all of your actions . When the Great Nobles heard Zhao Hai, they immediately burst into happiness . Zhao Hai doing this meant that he would just be an Emperor in name, while the nobles had the true power in their hands . However, this happiness wasn t because of the power, it was because of Zhao Hai accepting the throne . If he still declined, then the Lyon Empire would be finished . Once the Lyon Empire turned chaotic, the ones who would lose out greatly would be these Nobles . Although they were thousand year old clans, their roots were still in the Lyon Empire . They couldn t afford to have the Empire be in a chaotic state . Zhao Hai looked at the Nobles of this Empire, then he coldly snorted and said, Wait a moment . Then his body vanished . Before long, he reappeared along with two other people . On of them was a man with a stature that was tall and big, he was about two meters tall . The other one was a woman, tall and beautiful, but her complexion was quite pale, it seems like she was not quite healthy . Zhao Hai looked at these Nobles and said, I ll be heading to the Demonic Abyss . The matters of the Empire shall be handed to all of you . This is Evan and Ruyen . If there s something that you cannot decide on, then ask for their opinion . Understood





* * *





Chapter 678 – History’s Most Unique Throne Ascension

Aside from Evan and Ruyen, Zhao Hai really didn’t have anybody else to call over . And since Evan had ruled over a Duchy in the past, he should have some experience in running a country .

Ruyen has done a good job in Aksu Empire all this time . It was impossible for Zhao Hai to see her for a long time so her mood has not been that great . This affected her lifestyle and in turn she looked quite a bit sick .

In fact, Evan was already enough to manage the Lyon Empire, Ruyen wasn’t needed here at all . However, Zhao Hai had no choice, if Evan was alone, then these Great Nobles might continue to misbehave . But if Ruyen was here, then those Great Nobles would think that Ruyen was Zhao Hai’s woman, so they shouldn’t dare show their bad sides to her .

Zhao Hai knew that these Great Nobles didn’t want to offend him right now . If it weren’t for his strength, then these Nobles would’ve been shredded by the continent a long time ago . The only reason why the Lyon Empire remained untouched was because of Zhao Hai . Since he was the one who attacked the Lyon Empire, then the other nations gave him face in not attacking . But if Zhao Hai left, then these Great Nobles would meet an attack by almost everyone, dismembering the entire Lyon Empire .

If we set aside the reaction of the other Nobles of the continent, if the civilians were to know something, then the Nobles wouldn’t have a good future .

Therefore, these Lyon Empire Nobles can only rely on Zhao Hai . It can be said that if Zhao Hai establishes a country, these Nobles would be the first to flock to Zhao Hai’s side . This was because other than Zhao Hai, nobody would want to have them .

The reason why Zhao Hai didn’t make Laura manage the Lyon Empire was because she didn’t have the experience of running a country . Although Laura had been managing the Markey Family, and even some parts of the Buda Clan, it was still different from the Lyon Empire . Back in the family, there were nobody that could undermine Laura’s authority . In Lyon Empire, problems such as these Great Nobles were present, and Laura had no





experience in managing these kinds of people .

Additionally, Zhao Hai had things to discuss with Laura, therefore, Laura cannot stay and manage an Empire . Megan and Lizzy can’t do it as well since they were needed to command armies when dealing with the Demons .

As for Megan and Ni’er, having them manage a country? This wasn’t the time for cracking jokes . Knowledge on management cannot be learned in a day, they weren’t any use at all . More importantly, Zhao Hai had Meg and Ni’er manage the Fishmen in the Space’s sea . Therefore, Zhao Hai had no choice but to invite Evan and Ruyen over in order to manage the Lyon Empire .

Sure enough, when the Great Nobles saw Ruyen, they immediately thought that she was Zhao Hai’s woman . Almost immediately, all of them bowed to Ruyen and said, “We have seen the Madam . ” Ruyen’s pale face immediately turned red, but just as she was about to refute, Zhao Hai waved his hand calmly and said, “This is Grand Duke Evan, Ruyen’s father . You can handle everything yourselves later, but if there’s anything that needed consent, just approach them . They will find a way to contact me . ”

The Great Nobles immediately complied, Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, “Alright, then I’m done here . After I leave, I shall tell everyone that I’ll be acting as the temporary Emperor to the Lyon Empire . The overall management of the Empire shall be handed over to Prime Minister Evan . All of you shall help him manage the Empire . After I leave, all of you should do your best to have the Empire prepare for war in the shortest possible time . Since the Lyon Empire is known for its Magic Beast Cavalry, you don’t need to worry about this . I shall release some magic beasts that I acquired back in the lesser dragon camp . You may divide those magic beasts among yourselves . Understood?”

The Great Nobles immediately replied, “Yes, Your Excellency . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then turned to leave the palace .

Outside the Great Hall, Zhao Hai released his Bone Dragon and then rode on its back . Under the gazes of Evan, Ruyen, and the other Nobles, Zhao Hai flew up .

Zhao Hai’s flight path wasn’t high, he just flew over the sky of





of the Lyon Empire’s capital . The civilians could clearly see him on the back of the Bone Dragon .

While he flew, Zhao Hai said, “People of the Lyon Empire, listen to me . I have already eliminated the evil Dragons, you don’t have to worry about them anymore . However, when I dealt with the Dragons, I had discovered a connection to the Demons . The Demons had made a magic array in order to open a spatial rift between the Demon Realm and the Ark Continent . In seven days, that spatial rift would open, that spatial rift is located inside the Demonic Abyss . I shall be heading there in order to meet the Demons head-on . I shall announce myself as the temporary Emperor of the Lyon Empire . But since I am going to battle, I shall be appointing Grand Duke Evan as the Prime Minister of the Lyon Empire . I hope all of you will cooperate with him in the future!”

This was the most unique ceremony in the continent’s history, the most unique speech in history, as well as the most unique throne ascension in history . It was the first time that someone took the throne and just left afterwards .

And along with Zhao Hai’s words, the Lyon Empire’s capital had erupted into chaos . However, undead suddenly started to appear, stabilizing the mood of the citizens .

Zhao Hai knew that the big Empires of the continent had started to move . And because of its special situation, the Lyon Empire would surely be the last one to prepare . Additionally, Zhao Hai cannot manage the Empire, the only methods that he can think about right now was this .

After seeing that the undead had managed to calm the populace, Zhao Hai said, “Everyone shouldn’t be afraid . The big Empires as well as the other races of the continent are already aware of this information . Everyone has united together in order to face this crisis . I hope that everyone would calm themselves . ”

Although these civilians were scared, they couldn’t help but behave when they saw the undead . And as long as things proceeded peacefully, everything else would be fine .

After Zhao Hai said these, he had his Bone Dragon return to the Imperial palace . When he entered the Great Hall, he immediately had the Nobles go





Nobles go out and appease the populace .

These Great Nobles didn’t dare make any mistakes at this point . They knew that since the Demons had come, then Zhao Hai would be unable to help them stabilize the current situation . And if they were to disappoint Zhao Hai, then he might be impolite towards them . Therefore, the Nobles issued their compliance and then immediately went out .

After seeing that the Nobles had left, Zhao Hai turned to Evan and said, “Uncle Evan, Ruyen, I’ll be handing the Lyon Empire over to you temporarily . I need to head towards the Demonic Abyss as soon as possible since I am still completely unaware of the situation there . I’ll have to ask you to guide the Lyon Empire in assisting the Buddha Empire and the Dwarf Race in preparing to defend against the Demon invasion . I’m afraid the Buddha Empire wouldn’t be able to handle it by themselves . ”

Evan couldn’t help but knit his brows and said, “Is the situation really serious? The undead in your hand had already crossed ten million . And we’re already clear about how strong those undead are, do the Demons have as much experts?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “I’m afraid so, the Demon Realm is a lot bigger than the Ark Continent . With how bad the environment is there, the Demons have been constantly subjected to killing and fighting . And this time, they had come prepared, I’m afraid that the matter wouldn’t be easy to deal with . ”

Evan frowned, then he sighed and said, “Alright, then you can leave the Lyon Empire to me . You be careful in the Demonic Abyss . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then his voice turned serious as he said, “Observe these Nobles well . I’m not completely confident in them . If anything strange happens, immediately inform me and I will immediately deal with them . ”

Evan faintly smiled and said, “Rest assured, from what I can see in their expressions, they wouldn’t dare to misbehave . Except for us, nobody in the continent would dare to accept them . ”

Zhao Hai coldly replied, “There’s still the Radiant Church . Don’t forget that the success of the Dragons was due to those Nobles . And I’m quite sure that the Dragons weren’t the ones who lobbied them . So it must be the Radiant Church, perhaps offering

Church, perhaps offering them with a lot of benefits . Although they were now aware of the Divine Race, we shouldn’t forget that a lot of Humans have sided themselves with the Divine Race in the last great war . We should prevent them from going to the Divine Race, especially when they learn how hard it would be in the frontlines . ”

Evan knitted his brows and said, “Hard? Even if the battle would be no good, they shouldn’t just surrender to the Divine Race . After all, what could the Divine Race offer them?”

Zhao Hai sneered, “They can give them shelter . Although there aren’t any records of the Divine Race in the Human history, we shouldn’t forget about the existence of the Radiant Church . Also, the Divine Race has the strength to not be afraid of the Demons . If the Divine Race were to give them shelter, then it would not be impossible for those guys to agree . After all, the most important thing to those Nobles are their family and their status . ”

Evan couldn’t help but agree, then he said, “Alright, you can rest assured that I shall be looking at their actions . There won’t be any problems . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he took out a messenger fish, “Take this messenger fish, you can use this to contact me directly . I shall be leaving a thousand undead for you to command . Remember, no matter what happens in Lyon Empire, always keep your own safety as a priority . Even if the Divine Race came, I believe that those undead could still keep them off for quite some time . That would give me time to pick you up . ”

Evan nodded, then he received the messenger fish . At this time, Zhao Hai turned to look at Ruyen, who also looked back at him . Then Zhao Hai said, “Ruyen, you should understand why I haven’t been able to see you for all this time . After everything gets settled down, I shall give you what you deserve . ”

Ruyen understood what Zhao Hai meant, her face couldn’t help but go red as she gently nodded and said, “I’ll wait for you . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to nod at Evan and said, “Then I shall leave everything here to you . ” After that, his body vanished as he entered the Space .

 Chapter 678 History s Most Unique Throne Ascension Aside from Evan and Ruyen, Zhao Hai really didn t have anybody else to call over . And since Evan had ruled over a Duchy in the past, he should have some experience in running a country . Ruyen has done a good job in Aksu Empire all this time . It was impossible for Zhao Hai to see her for a long time so her mood has not been that great . This affected her lifestyle and in turn she looked quite a bit sick . In fact, Evan was already enough to manage the Lyon Empire, Ruyen wasn t needed here at all . However, Zhao Hai had no choice, if Evan was alone, then these Great Nobles might continue to misbehave . But if Ruyen was here, then those Great Nobles would think that Ruyen was Zhao Hai s woman, so they shouldn t dare show their bad sides to her . Zhao Hai knew that these Great Nobles didn t want to offend him right now . If it weren t for his strength, then these Nobles would ve been shredded by the continent a long time ago . The only reason why the Lyon Empire remained untouched was because of Zhao Hai . Since he was the one who attacked the Lyon Empire, then the other nations gave him face in not attacking . But if Zhao Hai left, then these Great Nobles would meet an attack by almost everyone, dismembering the entire Lyon Empire . If we set aside the reaction of the other Nobles of the continent, if the civilians were to know something, then the Nobles wouldn t have a good future . Therefore, these Lyon Empire Nobles can only rely on Zhao Hai . It can be said that if Zhao Hai establishes a country, these Nobles would be the first to flock to Zhao Hai s side . This was because other than Zhao Hai, nobody would want to have them . The reason why Zhao Hai didn t make Laura manage the Lyon Empire was because she didn t have the experience of running a country . Although Laura had been managing the Markey Family, and even some parts of the Buda Clan, it was still different from the Lyon Empire . Back in the family, there were nobody that could undermine Laura s authority . In Lyon Empire, problems such as these Great Nobles were present, and Laura had no experience in managing these kinds of people . Additionally, Zhao Hai had things to discuss with Laura, therefore, Laura cannot stay and manage an Empire . Megan and Lizzy can t do it as well since they were needed to command armies when dealing with the Demons . As for Megan and Ni er, having them manage a country This wasn t the time for cracking jokes . Knowledge on management cannot be learned in a day, they weren t any use at all . More importantly, Zhao Hai had Meg and Ni er manage the Fishmen in the Space s sea . Therefore, Zhao Hai had no choice but to invite Evan and Ruyen over in order to manage the Lyon Empire . Sure enough, when the Great Nobles saw Ruyen, they immediately thought that she was Zhao Hai s woman . Almost immediately, all of them bowed to Ruyen and said, We have seen the Madam . Ruyen s pale face immediately turned red, but just as she was about to refute, Zhao Hai waved his hand calmly and said, This is Grand Duke Evan, Ruyen s father . You can handle everything yourselves later, but if there s anything that needed consent, just approach them . They will find a way to contact me . The Great Nobles immediately complied, Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, Alright, then I m done here . After I leave, I shall tell everyone that I ll be acting as the temporary Emperor to the Lyon Empire . The overall management of the Empire shall be handed over to Prime Minister Evan . All of you shall help him manage the Empire . After I leave, all of you should do your best to have the Empire prepare for war in the shortest possible time . Since the Lyon Empire is known for its Magic Beast Cavalry, you don t need to worry about this . I shall release some magic beasts that I acquired back in the lesser dragon camp . You may divide those magic beasts among yourselves . Understood The Great Nobles immediately replied, Yes, Your Excellency . Zhao Hai nodded and then turned to leave the palace . Outside the Great Hall, Zhao Hai released his Bone Dragon and then rode on its back . Under the gazes of Evan, Ruyen, and the other Nobles, Zhao Hai flew up . Zhao Hai s flight path wasn t high, he just flew over the sky of the Lyon Empire s capital . The civilians could clearly see him on the back of the Bone Dragon . While he flew, Zhao Hai said, People of the Lyon Empire, listen to me . I have already eliminated the evil Dragons, you don t have to worry about them anymore . However, when I dealt with the Dragons, I had discovered a connection to the Demons . The Demons had made a magic array in order to open a spatial rift between the Demon Realm and the Ark Continent . In seven days, that spatial rift would open, that spatial rift is located inside the Demonic Abyss . I shall be heading there in order to meet the Demons head on . I shall announce myself as the temporary Emperor of the Lyon Empire . But since I am going to battle, I shall be appointing Grand Duke Evan as the Prime Minister of the Lyon Empire . I hope all of you will cooperate with him in the future This was the most unique ceremony in the continent s history, the most unique speech in history, as well as the most unique throne ascension in history . It was the first time that someone took the throne and just left afterwards . And along with Zhao Hai s words, the Lyon Empire s capital had erupted into chaos . However, undead suddenly started to appear, stabilizing the mood of the citizens . Zhao Hai knew that the big Empires of the continent had started to move . And because of its special situation, the Lyon Empire would surely be the last one to prepare . Additionally, Zhao Hai cannot manage the Empire, the only methods that he can think about right now was this . After seeing that the undead had managed to calm the populace, Zhao Hai said, Everyone shouldn t be afraid . The big Empires as well as the other races of the continent are already aware of this information . Everyone has united together in order to face this crisis . I hope that everyone would calm themselves . Although these civilians were scared, they couldn t help but behave when they saw the undead . And as long as things proceeded peacefully, everything else would be fine . After Zhao Hai said these, he had his Bone Dragon return to the Imperial palace . When he entered the Great Hall, he immediately had the Nobles go out and appease the populace . These Great Nobles didn t dare make any mistakes at this point . They knew that since the Demons had come, then Zhao Hai would be unable to help them stabilize the current situation . And if they were to disappoint Zhao Hai, then he might be impolite towards them . Therefore, the Nobles issued their compliance and then immediately went out . After seeing that the Nobles had left, Zhao Hai turned to Evan and said, Uncle Evan, Ruyen, I ll be handing the Lyon Empire over to you temporarily . I need to head towards the Demonic Abyss as soon as possible since I am still completely unaware of the situation there . I ll have to ask you to guide the Lyon Empire in assisting the Buddha Empire and the Dwarf Race in preparing to defend against the Demon invasion . I m afraid the Buddha Empire wouldn t be able to handle it by themselves . Evan couldn t help but knit his brows and said, Is the situation really serious The undead in your hand had already crossed ten million . And we re already clear about how strong those undead are, do the Demons have as much experts Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, I m afraid so, the Demon Realm is a lot bigger than the Ark Continent . With how bad the environment is there, the Demons have been constantly subjected to killing and fighting . And this time, they had come prepared, I m afraid that the matter wouldn t be easy to deal with . Evan frowned, then he sighed and said, Alright, then you can leave the Lyon Empire to me . You be careful in the Demonic Abyss . Zhao Hai nodded, then his voice turned serious as he said, Observe these Nobles well . I m not completely confident in them . If anything strange happens, immediately inform me and I will immediately deal with them . Evan faintly smiled and said, Rest assured, from what I can see in their expressions, they wouldn t dare to misbehave . Except for us, nobody in the continent would dare to accept them . Zhao Hai coldly replied, There s still the Radiant Church . Don t forget that the success of the Dragons was due to those Nobles . And I m quite sure that the Dragons weren t the ones who lobbied them . So it must be the Radiant Church, perhaps offering them with a lot of benefits . Although they were now aware of the Divine Race, we shouldn t forget that a lot of Humans have sided themselves with the Divine Race in the last great war . We should prevent them from going to the Divine Race, especially when they learn how hard it would be in the frontlines . Evan knitted his brows and said, Hard Even if the battle would be no good, they shouldn t just surrender to the Divine Race . After all, what could the Divine Race offer them Zhao Hai sneered, They can give them shelter . Although there aren t any records of the Divine Race in the Human history, we shouldn t forget about the existence of the Radiant Church . Also, the Divine Race has the strength to not be afraid of the Demons . If the Divine Race were to give them shelter, then it would not be impossible for those guys to agree . After all, the most important thing to those Nobles are their family and their status . Evan couldn t help but agree, then he said, Alright, you can rest assured that I shall be looking at their actions . There won t be any problems . Zhao Hai nodded, then he took out a messenger fish, Take this messenger fish, you can use this to contact me directly . I shall be leaving a thousand undead for you to command . Remember, no matter what happens in Lyon Empire, always keep your own safety as a priority . Even if the Divine Race came, I believe that those undead could still keep them off for quite some time . That would give me time to pick you up . Evan nodded, then he received the messenger fish . At this time, Zhao Hai turned to look at Ruyen, who also looked back at him . Then Zhao Hai said, Ruyen, you should understand why I haven t been able to see you for all this time . After everything gets settled down, I shall give you what you deserve . Ruyen understood what Zhao Hai meant, her face couldn t help but go red as she gently nodded and said, I ll wait for you . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to nod at Evan and said, Then I shall leave everything here to you . After that, his body vanished as he entered the Space .





* * *





Chapter 679 – Demon

Zhao Hai sat in the Space and gave a long sigh of relief . Then he glanced at the monitor . The monitor didn’t display the Lyon Empire, instead, it showed a fortress city .

This city is quite famous in the Buddha Empire, this was because it had a very interesting name, Demon City . Naturally, this wasn’t a place occupied by the Demons . Instead, this was a city that was closest to the Demonic Abyss . This place is completely different to the town back in Accra Mountain . The town on Accra Mountain rarely gets attacked by magic beasts . But in Demon City, the situation is different . At any time, it was possible for the city to be attacked by beings coming out from the Demonic Abyss .

Because of this characteristic, Dark Mages proliferated in this city . This was because the undead were the most common creatures that can be found inside the Demonic Abyss . If Dark Mages were to subdue several of them, then their abilities would be improved . This was the reason that it’s called Demon City .

Even when the Radiant Church was at its peak period in the continent, they still wouldn’t easily dare come to Demon City . There were just too many Dark Mages here . Therefore, the Radiant Church has no other choice but turn a blind eye towards this city,

For the Dark Mages in Demon City, this place was their Holy Land . In their hearts, this was a sacred place, while the others pinned that title to the Calci Family .

Compared to the family-style management of the Calci Family, the Dark Mages in Demon City had more of an alliance . They were all living in Demon City, relying on hunting dark creatures for a living . Therefore, it was even thought that the Dark Mages here were stronger compared to the Dark Mages of the Calci Family .

While Zhao Hai came to visit the Buddha Emperor, he also had Cai’er use the Blood Ghost Staff to investigate the terrain in and around this place .

There were still many businessmen and adventurers here, however, one could notice that the population was now quite skewed towards the Dark Mages and the army of the Buddha Empire . Almost all of the civilians were





evacuated .

Zhao Hai inspected Demon City . Probably because of its year-round battles, the walls of the city looked very thick and heavily damaged . One could even see blood on the walls . Compared to the walls of other cities, this one surely did seem to be more murderous .

At this time, Meg brought a cup of tea over to Zhao Hai . When she saw Zhao Hai’s complexion, she grieved as she said, “Young master, you should take a rest . Let me give you a massage . ”

Zhao Hai turned his head towards Meg, he smiled faintly and said, “What are the others doing? Why are they not here?’

Meg went behind Zhao Hai and gently massaged his head, at the same time, she answered, “Elder Sister Laura is examining the overall commodities in our storage and is discussing matters with Patriarch Billy regarding its distribution . At the same time, Megan and Lizzy are studying the map . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he held Meg’s hand and said, “Alright, I’m fine really . Come and take a seat with me for a while . ”

Meg nodded, then the went around the sofa and sat behind Zhao Hai, snuggling gently on his bosom . Zhao Hai held Meg’s soft body and upon smelling her delicate fragrance, began to relax his nerves slowly .

Meg also felt Zhao Hai becoming more relaxed, she placed her ear to Zhao Hai’s chest and listened to his heartbeat, then she said with a soft voice, “Young Master, can we win?”

Zhao Hai replied with a serious tone, “Of course we can . Our destiny can only be decided by ourselves, nobody can control our lives . ”

Meg nodded, then she said, “Young Master, after repelling the Demons and the Divine Race, what should we do next? Will we go back to the Black Wasteland and live in seclusion?”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “Why would we live in seclusion? If we did repel the Demons and the Divine Race, then we would follow them to the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm . We need to cause them irreparable damage so that they wouldn’t think about returning to the Ark Continent . Otherwise, they would recover and then try to invade the Ark Continent once more . We can’t live forever and we would have our own children soon . If we die





die and leave our offspring here, we cannot have them suffer attacks from the Demon Realm and the Divine Race once again . ”

Meg’s face turned red, she sat up and looked at Zhao Hai, “Young Master, why don’t you answer my question properly? And what are you talking about, children?”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “Look, we have been married for quite some time, but we still haven’t had a child . I’m just looking after Grandpa Green and Grandma Merine’s worries . They had always wanted a new heir to the Buda Clan . ”

Meg blushed and rolled her eyes at Zhao Hai . However, she didn’t leave, instead, she leaned towards Zhao Hai’s body and said, “I really hope that everyone would be happily together all the time, not thinking about many things . Brother Hai, why do people do this? Why would the Demons and the Divine Race want to invade us?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “No other reason but ambition . In the eyes of the Divine Race, the Ark Continent is a source of troops . Naturally, when they control the continent, they would be treating everyone here as slaves . Then the slaves would join their armies and fight their enemies . On the other hand, the Demons see the continent as a huge cake . The living environment of the Demon Realm is extremely terrible, therefore, they want to occupy the Ark Continent . Unfortunately, the Demons are used to slaughter, so they didn’t even think about a peaceful method in order to reside in the continent . Instead, they wanted to kill every single creature in the continent in order to make way for their own population to move in . At the same time, I also think that the Demons are afraid . From what I learned when I met the Demon in Accra Mountain, they have been investigating the continent for more than a thousand years . Therefore, they must have learned about how the Humans were suppressing the other races . And since the Demons were also a foreign race, then it was natural that the Humans would suppress them as well . If they were to come peacefully and get suppressed by the Humans, then they might as well kill off everyone in the continent . ”

Meg was confused, “Young Master, didn’t Cai’er say that





say that the Demon Realm is much larger than the Ark Continent? Then once they take the continent, wouldn’t they have problems in accommodating everyone?”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “Of course, but there was no use in thinking about other people . As long as the high-ranked Demons can live here then all is good . These low-level Demons can be neglected then . This is the rule of the Demon Realm . Once you have a high rank in the hierarchy, then you would get anything that you want . If you are a low-ranked Demon and then managed to get something good, then you would have to hand it over to a higher-ranked Demon . Otherwise, it would only bring you disaster . To put it bluntly, the lower-ranked Demons are the high-ranked Demons’ slaves . ”

Meg nodded, “So it’s like that . How about the amount of soldiers that would come here? Does Cai’er know?”

Zhao Hai nodded and smiled bitterly, “How can Cai’er not know? One could say that Cai’er is the most informed person with regards to the Demon Realm . From what she can estimate, the army that would arrive would have no less than 50 million soldiers in it . ”

Meg was greatly surprised, “50 million? That much?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “And that number only counts the number of Demons that would come . We didn’t include the number of magic beasts that would join them . At the same time, there are also Dark Mages among the Demon Army, completely capable of summoning undead . If a battle happens, their numbers wouldn’t go down too fast . We really have met a difficult opponent this time . ”

Meg’s complexion changed dramatically, “What do we do?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s fine . You can rest assured that there’s no need to worry . If they have 50 million troops, then the continent has its own army as well . And for those who can summon the undead, let’s see how they fare against me . There’s no need to be afraid, everything will be fine . ”

Meg nodded, then Zhao Hai turned his gaze towards the monitor . There were no changes in Demon City, there were some Dark Mages and adventurers that left, but the majority of them still stayed behind . They wanted to help

wanted to help the army of the Buddha Empire in fighting off the Demon army . ”

These Dark Mages and Adventurers clearly understood that the Demons wouldn’t spare anyone in the continent . If they leave today, sooner or later, they would still face the Demons . These Dark Mages and Adventurers were also people who liked to live beside the blade of a knife . So after knowing that the Demons were coming, not only did they stay, the also prepared to fight against the Demons .

Also, the Buddha Empire had sent word that as long as they make meritorious deeds in the battle against the Demons, then they might gain themselves a hereditary noble title . This prize was too tempting for the Adventurers and Dark Mages .

One must know that a hereditary title was completely different to an ordinary one . It would be impossible for ordinary nobles to pass their title to their children . For example, when Mages who were given their titles die, their status would be gone . Only if they had a child with good talent and becomes a great Mage, then that child would have the right to apply for inheriting the title .

The Buddha Empire had truly placed sufficient capital this time . They didn’t have much troops in the vicinity of Demon City . And in a short period of seven days, it would be impossible for them to assemble an army for reinforcement . Therefore, the Buddha Emperor made a decision, provide the Adventurers and Dark Mages with benefits of great titles so that they would stay behind and defend the city . These people had lived in this place all year round, so they should have the right abilities to defend against the Demon army .

It was because of this that large quantities of Adventurers and Dark Mages had remained and decided to fight the Demon Race together with the Buddha Empire’s army .

However, the Buddha Empire can only gather about two hundred regular troops in these seven days . If we add the Adventurers and Dark Mages, then it might reach about four hundred thousand . Although these numbers were quite strong, it was still impossible if they were to defend against the Demon Army . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to head towards Demon City and take personal command of the defenders!

 Chapter 679 Demon Zhao Hai sat in the Space and gave a long sigh of relief . Then he glanced at the monitor . The monitor didn t display the Lyon Empire, instead, it showed a fortress city . This city is quite famous in the Buddha Empire, this was because it had a very interesting name, Demon City . Naturally, this wasn t a place occupied by the Demons . Instead, this was a city that was closest to the Demonic Abyss . This place is completely different to the town back in Accra Mountain . The town on Accra Mountain rarely gets attacked by magic beasts . But in Demon City, the situation is different . At any time, it was possible for the city to be attacked by beings coming out from the Demonic Abyss . Because of this characteristic, Dark Mages proliferated in this city . This was because the undead were the most common creatures that can be found inside the Demonic Abyss . If Dark Mages were to subdue several of them, then their abilities would be improved . This was the reason that it s called Demon City . Even when the Radiant Church was at its peak period in the continent, they still wouldn t easily dare come to Demon City . There were just too many Dark Mages here . Therefore, the Radiant Church has no other choice but turn a blind eye towards this city, For the Dark Mages in Demon City, this place was their Holy Land . In their hearts, this was a sacred place, while the others pinned that title to the Calci Family . Compared to the family style management of the Calci Family, the Dark Mages in Demon City had more of an alliance . They were all living in Demon City, relying on hunting dark creatures for a living . Therefore, it was even thought that the Dark Mages here were stronger compared to the Dark Mages of the Calci Family . While Zhao Hai came to visit the Buddha Emperor, he also had Cai er use the Blood Ghost Staff to investigate the terrain in and around this place . There were still many businessmen and adventurers here, however, one could notice that the population was now quite skewed towards the Dark Mages and the army of the Buddha Empire . Almost all of the civilians were evacuated . Zhao Hai inspected Demon City . Probably because of its year round battles, the walls of the city looked very thick and heavily damaged . One could even see blood on the walls . Compared to the walls of other cities, this one surely did seem to be more murderous . At this time, Meg brought a cup of tea over to Zhao Hai . When she saw Zhao Hai s complexion, she grieved as she said, Young master, you should take a rest . Let me give you a massage . Zhao Hai turned his head towards Meg, he smiled faintly and said, What are the others doing Why are they not here Meg went behind Zhao Hai and gently massaged his head, at the same time, she answered, Elder Sister Laura is examining the overall commodities in our storage and is discussing matters with Patriarch Billy regarding its distribution . At the same time, Megan and Lizzy are studying the map . Zhao Hai nodded, then he held Meg s hand and said, Alright, I m fine really . Come and take a seat with me for a while . Meg nodded, then the went around the sofa and sat behind Zhao Hai, snuggling gently on his bosom . Zhao Hai held Meg s soft body and upon smelling her delicate fragrance, began to relax his nerves slowly . Meg also felt Zhao Hai becoming more relaxed, she placed her ear to Zhao Hai s chest and listened to his heartbeat, then she said with a soft voice, Young Master, can we win Zhao Hai replied with a serious tone, Of course we can . Our destiny can only be decided by ourselves, nobody can control our lives . Meg nodded, then she said, Young Master, after repelling the Demons and the Divine Race, what should we do next Will we go back to the Black Wasteland and live in seclusion Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, Why would we live in seclusion If we did repel the Demons and the Divine Race, then we would follow them to the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm . We need to cause them irreparable damage so that they wouldn t think about returning to the Ark Continent . Otherwise, they would recover and then try to invade the Ark Continent once more . We can t live forever and we would have our own children soon . If we die and leave our offspring here, we cannot have them suffer attacks from the Demon Realm and the Divine Race once again . Meg s face turned red, she sat up and looked at Zhao Hai, Young Master, why don t you answer my question properly And what are you talking about, children Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, Look, we have been married for quite some time, but we still haven t had a child . I m just looking after Grandpa Green and Grandma Merine s worries . They had always wanted a new heir to the Buda Clan . Meg blushed and rolled her eyes at Zhao Hai . However, she didn t leave, instead, she leaned towards Zhao Hai s body and said, I really hope that everyone would be happily together all the time, not thinking about many things . Brother Hai, why do people do this Why would the Demons and the Divine Race want to invade us Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, No other reason but ambition . In the eyes of the Divine Race, the Ark Continent is a source of troops . Naturally, when they control the continent, they would be treating everyone here as slaves . Then the slaves would join their armies and fight their enemies . On the other hand, the Demons see the continent as a huge cake . The living environment of the Demon Realm is extremely terrible, therefore, they want to occupy the Ark Continent . Unfortunately, the Demons are used to slaughter, so they didn t even think about a peaceful method in order to reside in the continent . Instead, they wanted to kill every single creature in the continent in order to make way for their own population to move in . At the same time, I also think that the Demons are afraid . From what I learned when I met the Demon in Accra Mountain, they have been investigating the continent for more than a thousand years . Therefore, they must have learned about how the Humans were suppressing the other races . And since the Demons were also a foreign race, then it was natural that the Humans would suppress them as well . If they were to come peacefully and get suppressed by the Humans, then they might as well kill off everyone in the continent . Meg was confused, Young Master, didn t Cai er say that the Demon Realm is much larger than the Ark Continent Then once they take the continent, wouldn t they have problems in accommodating everyone Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, Of course, but there was no use in thinking about other people . As long as the high ranked Demons can live here then all is good . These low level Demons can be neglected then . This is the rule of the Demon Realm . Once you have a high rank in the hierarchy, then you would get anything that you want . If you are a low ranked Demon and then managed to get something good, then you would have to hand it over to a higher ranked Demon . Otherwise, it would only bring you disaster . To put it bluntly, the lower ranked Demons are the high ranked Demons slaves . Meg nodded, So it s like that . How about the amount of soldiers that would come here Does Cai er know Zhao Hai nodded and smiled bitterly, How can Cai er not know One could say that Cai er is the most informed person with regards to the Demon Realm . From what she can estimate, the army that would arrive would have no less than 50 million soldiers in it . Meg was greatly surprised, 50 million That much Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, And that number only counts the number of Demons that would come . We didn t include the number of magic beasts that would join them . At the same time, there are also Dark Mages among the Demon Army, completely capable of summoning undead . If a battle happens, their numbers wouldn t go down too fast . We really have met a difficult opponent this time . Meg s complexion changed dramatically, What do we do Zhao Hai smiled and said, It s fine . You can rest assured that there s no need to worry . If they have 50 million troops, then the continent has its own army as well . And for those who can summon the undead, let s see how they fare against me . There s no need to be afraid, everything will be fine . Meg nodded, then Zhao Hai turned his gaze towards the monitor . There were no changes in Demon City, there were some Dark Mages and adventurers that left, but the majority of them still stayed behind . They wanted to help the army of the Buddha Empire in fighting off the Demon army . These Dark Mages and Adventurers clearly understood that the Demons wouldn t spare anyone in the continent . If they leave today, sooner or later, they would still face the Demons . These Dark Mages and Adventurers were also people who liked to live beside the blade of a knife . So after knowing that the Demons were coming, not only did they stay, the also prepared to fight against the Demons . Also, the Buddha Empire had sent word that as long as they make meritorious deeds in the battle against the Demons, then they might gain themselves a hereditary noble title . This prize was too tempting for the Adventurers and Dark Mages . One must know that a hereditary title was completely different to an ordinary one . It would be impossible for ordinary nobles to pass their title to their children . For example, when Mages who were given their titles die, their status would be gone . Only if they had a child with good talent and becomes a great Mage, then that child would have the right to apply for inheriting the title . The Buddha Empire had truly placed sufficient capital this time . They didn t have much troops in the vicinity of Demon City . And in a short period of seven days, it would be impossible for them to assemble an army for reinforcement . Therefore, the Buddha Emperor made a decision, provide the Adventurers and Dark Mages with benefits of great titles so that they would stay behind and defend the city . These people had lived in this place all year round, so they should have the right abilities to defend against the Demon army . It was because of this that large quantities of Adventurers and Dark Mages had remained and decided to fight the Demon Race together with the Buddha Empire s army . However, the Buddha Empire can only gather about two hundred regular troops in these seven days . If we add the Adventurers and Dark Mages, then it might reach about four hundred thousand . Although these numbers were quite strong, it was still impossible if they were to defend against the Demon Army . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to head towards Demon City and take personal command of the defenders





* * *





Chapter 680 – Protecting the Homeland

Wei Gan was a Dark Mage who had lived in Demon City for a long time . He wasn’t from the Calci Family, once can say that he had nothing to do with the Calci Family at all . However, one shouldn’t think that he’s just a simple character . More than a thousand years ago, Wei Gan’s ancestors were formidable Mages of a huge empire, their family even held the title of a Duke .

However, it was just a pity that the Empire that his family held loyalty to was extinguished by the Lyon Empire . Since their family were loyalists to their Empire, the Lyon Empire took their title away . Moreover, they were also suppressed everywhere . In the end, their family couldn’t endure it anymore and ran away to Demon City .

In every empire, there would always be a place where the strongest people gather . Take the Lyon Empire, for example, formidable characters would flock towards the town on the foot of Accra Mountain . For the Buddha Empire, that place was Demon City . Demon City was very suitable for Dark Mages to live in . Therefore, the Gan Family decided to settle down here . And even if Demon City was inside the Buddha Empire, the Empire’s power was actually weak here This made it possible for the family to find their place .

However, Demon City was just unsafe to begin with . About some hundreds of years ago, a dark creatures and undead suddenly ran out of the Demonic Abyss and made a large scale attack on Demon City . The city was close to being overwhelmed, and even if the defense was successful, a lot of Dark Mages had fallen in the process . At that time, the Gan Family wasn’t spared form the losses . In the end, the family didn’t manage to stabilize their footing and slowly lost its power over time .

In the current time, the Gan Family was reduced to a few dozen Dark Mages . But even so, Adventurers and other Dark Mages still didn’t dare to underestimate them . Because of the Gan Family’s long history, their dark magic spells were quite formidable . And most importantly, the Gan Family had always treated the Demon





City as their home, greeting everyone in the city as though they were family members . Every single inhabitant of the city was very respectful towards the family . If ever some kind of conflict arises, the Gan family would even be asked to mediate .

Wei Gan was only an ordinary Dark Mage in the family . He wasn’t the Patriarch nor was he the successor . He was just any ordinary Dark Mage .

The Buddha Empire had already told the city about what would happen . At the same time, the Empire had also started to gather up some troops and sent them here . They also invited the Adventurers, Dark Mages, and Dark Mage families to stay and defend the city together .

This was where the Gan Family didn’t disappoint the Buddha Empire . They were the first ones to lobby the Adventurers and Dark Mages to stay inside the City and help with the defense . In the end, the majority of the strength of the City remained .

Not only this, the Gan Family also sent their members in order to help the army guard and patrol the walls . Because of the Dark Mages’ sensitivity to the dark element, the patrol went very smoothly, saving the army a lot of effort .

One could say that Demon City’s topography was very strange . When constructing Demon City, the main goal of its infrastructure was to defend against the Demonic Abyss . As for the Demonic Abyss, since it had the word ‘abyss’ in its name, then it was no wonder that it was very deep . As to how deep? Nobody knows . Everybody who came to deeply explore the area weren’t able to return to tell the tale .

So how big was the Demonic Abyss? If one were to look, the Abyss appeared just like a giant crack in the world ten thousand li( . 5km) long, with the widest opening spanning more than 2000 li . There was also a gentle slope on the ground just outside Demon City, the other places were steep cliffs where magic beasts weren’t able to crawl on . Most importantly, a dark mist covers the Demonic Abyss all year round, making people unable to clearly see anything .

It was precisely because of this that Demon





Demon City existed . If one were to speak about the continent’s oldest cities, then Demon City would surely be up there . It was even said that the city had existed for as long as the Demonic Abyss itself . But in any case, whenever war erupts in the continent, almost nobody came to touch Demon City . This was because the city didn’t have regular armies defending it . Most who were inside the city were Adventurers, Mercenaries, and Dark Mages . This made the city something that looks like it didn’t belong in this world . For many years, the same composition of people were defending the city, Therefore, people from the continent had quite a complicated view towards this place .

On this day, Wei Gan was on the wall, staring blankly at the distance . His current position right now wasn’t in the city’s eastern wall, which meant that he wasn’t facing the Demonic Abyss . It was a wall that faced the continent, so it should be quite safe . However, Wei Gan still needed to inspect the place because the Buddha Empire had sent word that people from the Demon Realm had already infiltrated the continent . This meant that they might take the city at any time .

Wei Gan looked at the surrounding army . These troops weren’t the Buddha Empire’s most elite cavalry . These people knew why they were here so they all had a very serious look on their face .

At this time, Wei Gan noticed a dark spot in the horizon . It was flying towards the city, he even thought that it was a creature of darkness .

The Gan Family’s dark magic held some differences to the continent’s dark magic, this gave the members of the Gan Family much more sensitivity towards dark energy . Therefore, when Wei Gan felt the dark energy coming out of the dark spot, and that the direction of the spot seem to be heading towards Demon City, he immediately thought of the Buddha Empire’s warning . His heart immediately started to beat as he shouted, “Everyone, a dark creature that come from the mainland is heading here . Prepare yourselves!”

Although the army that the Buddha Empire sent weren’t the most elite Iron Cavalry, these people were still elites in their





in their local military . Before these soldiers came here, they were also instructed to cooperate with the Dark Mages since these people were very sensitive towards dark creatures . Seeing that the Buddha Empire were giving high regard to the Dark Mages in the city, the army immediately stood up when they heard Wei Gan’s voice . The magic cannons were then prepared as well as the ballistas .

Just as they got ready, the dark spot in the distance suddenly flew faster towards them . These people became nervous, especially the artillery troops . They were anxiously looking at the dark spot . Since the magic cannons and the ballistas were their only defensive weapon, the flying enemy would surely target them first .

The dark spot continued to slowly grow larger, and as soon as the people on the wall recognized what the dark spot was, all of them were shocked . It didn’t matter if they were from the Buddha Empire’s army or the Dark Mages, their expressions were the same . The dark spot turned out to be a Bone Dragon, and on the skull of the Dragon stood a very ordinary looking Dark Mage .

But who in Demon City wouldn’t be able to recognize who this person was . Perhaps they might not recognize his face, but his reputation surely rang in their minds . This was Zhao Hai Buda, Lyon Empire’s Emperor, and the continent’s strongest Dark Mage!

Zhao Hai was now widely accepted as the strongest Dark Mage in the continent, every single citizen in the various empires already knew about this point . He managed to kill Dragons, unearthed the conspiracy of the Demons, and even became the Emperor of the Lyon Empire . Every single Dark Mage almost looked at him as a God . For them, Zhao Hai was a deity that was aloof as he overlooked them .

Zhao Hai had rested well inside the Space . After seeing Laura and the others, he immediately went out . He had already taken a look at the situation in Demon City . Seeing that there weren’t any serious matters going on, Zhao Hai decided to come out in a far away place and then rode a Bone Dragon towards the fortress city, enjoying the wind that was hitting his face .

Zhao Hai

.

Zhao Hai didn’t immediately enter the city, when he saw the wall, he had the Bone Dragon go down to the ground outside the city and walked down from it . After storing the Bone Dragon, he walked slowly towards the city’s wall .

The defenders on the wall immediately reacted . An officer shouted towards the soldier at the gate, “Quick, open the gate, hurry up!” Then just as the officer rushed towards the gate, he noticed that someone had come faster than him, it was Wei Gan .

Wei Gan, who was just a common Dark Mage, was actually quicker than him, a 7th rank Warrior . This made the army officer look at him in a strange manner, wondering if Wei Gan was both a Mage and a Warrior .

Naturally, Wei Gan wasn’t a Warrior, he was only a Mage . The reason why he was so quick was because he was too excited . When the army arrived, he had head that Zhao Hai would also be personally coming in order to take command . This made all of the Dark Mages excited, they can actually see Zhao Hai with their own two eyes . This was a very extraordinary matter . However, people were still quite doubtful about this fact . After all, who was Zhao Hai? He was the Patriarch of the Buda Clan and was also the Emperor of the Lyon Empire . Although they knew that Zhao Hai was able to kill Dragons, would such a person still risk himself in order to come to Demon City?

For the people in Demon City, Zhao Hai was a distant person, one who wouldn’t stain his hand in a messy situation like in Demon City . Most of the people in Demon City didn’t actually expect Zhao Hai to come, they just thought that the Buddha Empire only said this in order to comfort their hearts . The main reason why these people stayed in the city was because they needed to protect their home . No matter what words the higher ups say, these people would still stay behind .

They weren’t doing this in order to protect the Human Race, nor was it because of their dedication towards the continent . For them, waging war with the Demons was just a way to protect their homeland .

 Chapter 680 Protecting the Homeland Wei Gan was a Dark Mage who had lived in Demon City for a long time . He wasn t from the Calci Family, once can say that he had nothing to do with the Calci Family at all . However, one shouldn t think that he s just a simple character . More than a thousand years ago, Wei Gan s ancestors were formidable Mages of a huge empire, their family even held the title of a Duke . However, it was just a pity that the Empire that his family held loyalty to was extinguished by the Lyon Empire . Since their family were loyalists to their Empire, the Lyon Empire took their title away . Moreover, they were also suppressed everywhere . In the end, their family couldn t endure it anymore and ran away to Demon City . In every empire, there would always be a place where the strongest people gather . Take the Lyon Empire, for example, formidable characters would flock towards the town on the foot of Accra Mountain . For the Buddha Empire, that place was Demon City . Demon City was very suitable for Dark Mages to live in . Therefore, the Gan Family decided to settle down here . And even if Demon City was inside the Buddha Empire, the Empire s power was actually weak here This made it possible for the family to find their place . However, Demon City was just unsafe to begin with . About some hundreds of years ago, a dark creatures and undead suddenly ran out of the Demonic Abyss and made a large scale attack on Demon City . The city was close to being overwhelmed, and even if the defense was successful, a lot of Dark Mages had fallen in the process . At that time, the Gan Family wasn t spared form the losses . In the end, the family didn t manage to stabilize their footing and slowly lost its power over time . In the current time, the Gan Family was reduced to a few dozen Dark Mages . But even so, Adventurers and other Dark Mages still didn t dare to underestimate them . Because of the Gan Family s long history, their dark magic spells were quite formidable . And most importantly, the Gan Family had always treated the Demon City as their home, greeting everyone in the city as though they were family members . Every single inhabitant of the city was very respectful towards the family . If ever some kind of conflict arises, the Gan family would even be asked to mediate . Wei Gan was only an ordinary Dark Mage in the family . He wasn t the Patriarch nor was he the successor . He was just any ordinary Dark Mage . The Buddha Empire had already told the city about what would happen . At the same time, the Empire had also started to gather up some troops and sent them here . They also invited the Adventurers, Dark Mages, and Dark Mage families to stay and defend the city together . This was where the Gan Family didn t disappoint the Buddha Empire . They were the first ones to lobby the Adventurers and Dark Mages to stay inside the City and help with the defense . In the end, the majority of the strength of the City remained . Not only this, the Gan Family also sent their members in order to help the army guard and patrol the walls . Because of the Dark Mages sensitivity to the dark element, the patrol went very smoothly, saving the army a lot of effort . One could say that Demon City s topography was very strange . When constructing Demon City, the main goal of its infrastructure was to defend against the Demonic Abyss . As for the Demonic Abyss, since it had the word abyss in its name, then it was no wonder that it was very deep . As to how deep Nobody knows . Everybody who came to deeply explore the area weren t able to return to tell the tale . So how big was the Demonic Abyss If one were to look, the Abyss appeared just like a giant crack in the world ten thousand li . 5km long, with the widest opening spanning more than 2000 li . There was also a gentle slope on the ground just outside Demon City, the other places were steep cliffs where magic beasts weren t able to crawl on . Most importantly, a dark mist covers the Demonic Abyss all year round, making people unable to clearly see anything . It was precisely because of this that Demon City existed . If one were to speak about the continent s oldest cities, then Demon City would surely be up there . It was even said that the city had existed for as long as the Demonic Abyss itself . But in any case, whenever war erupts in the continent, almost nobody came to touch Demon City . This was because the city didn t have regular armies defending it . Most who were inside the city were Adventurers, Mercenaries, and Dark Mages . This made the city something that looks like it didn t belong in this world . For many years, the same composition of people were defending the city, Therefore, people from the continent had quite a complicated view towards this place . On this day, Wei Gan was on the wall, staring blankly at the distance . His current position right now wasn t in the city s eastern wall, which meant that he wasn t facing the Demonic Abyss . It was a wall that faced the continent, so it should be quite safe . However, Wei Gan still needed to inspect the place because the Buddha Empire had sent word that people from the Demon Realm had already infiltrated the continent . This meant that they might take the city at any time . Wei Gan looked at the surrounding army . These troops weren t the Buddha Empire s most elite cavalry . These people knew why they were here so they all had a very serious look on their face . At this time, Wei Gan noticed a dark spot in the horizon . It was flying towards the city, he even thought that it was a creature of darkness . The Gan Family s dark magic held some differences to the continent s dark magic, this gave the members of the Gan Family much more sensitivity towards dark energy . Therefore, when Wei Gan felt the dark energy coming out of the dark spot, and that the direction of the spot seem to be heading towards Demon City, he immediately thought of the Buddha Empire s warning . His heart immediately started to beat as he shouted, Everyone, a dark creature that come from the mainland is heading here . Prepare yourselves Although the army that the Buddha Empire sent weren t the most elite Iron Cavalry, these people were still elites in their local military . Before these soldiers came here, they were also instructed to cooperate with the Dark Mages since these people were very sensitive towards dark creatures . Seeing that the Buddha Empire were giving high regard to the Dark Mages in the city, the army immediately stood up when they heard Wei Gan s voice . The magic cannons were then prepared as well as the ballistas . Just as they got ready, the dark spot in the distance suddenly flew faster towards them . These people became nervous, especially the artillery troops . They were anxiously looking at the dark spot . Since the magic cannons and the ballistas were their only defensive weapon, the flying enemy would surely target them first . The dark spot continued to slowly grow larger, and as soon as the people on the wall recognized what the dark spot was, all of them were shocked . It didn t matter if they were from the Buddha Empire s army or the Dark Mages, their expressions were the same . The dark spot turned out to be a Bone Dragon, and on the skull of the Dragon stood a very ordinary looking Dark Mage . But who in Demon City wouldn t be able to recognize who this person was . Perhaps they might not recognize his face, but his reputation surely rang in their minds . This was Zhao Hai Buda, Lyon Empire s Emperor, and the continent s strongest Dark Mage Zhao Hai was now widely accepted as the strongest Dark Mage in the continent, every single citizen in the various empires already knew about this point . He managed to kill Dragons, unearthed the conspiracy of the Demons, and even became the Emperor of the Lyon Empire . Every single Dark Mage almost looked at him as a God . For them, Zhao Hai was a deity that was aloof as he overlooked them . Zhao Hai had rested well inside the Space . After seeing Laura and the others, he immediately went out . He had already taken a look at the situation in Demon City . Seeing that there weren t any serious matters going on, Zhao Hai decided to come out in a far away place and then rode a Bone Dragon towards the fortress city, enjoying the wind that was hitting his face . Zhao Hai didn t immediately enter the city, when he saw the wall, he had the Bone Dragon go down to the ground outside the city and walked down from it . After storing the Bone Dragon, he walked slowly towards the city s wall . The defenders on the wall immediately reacted . An officer shouted towards the soldier at the gate, Quick, open the gate, hurry up Then just as the officer rushed towards the gate, he noticed that someone had come faster than him, it was Wei Gan . Wei Gan, who was just a common Dark Mage, was actually quicker than him, a 7th rank Warrior . This made the army officer look at him in a strange manner, wondering if Wei Gan was both a Mage and a Warrior . Naturally, Wei Gan wasn t a Warrior, he was only a Mage . The reason why he was so quick was because he was too excited . When the army arrived, he had head that Zhao Hai would also be personally coming in order to take command . This made all of the Dark Mages excited, they can actually see Zhao Hai with their own two eyes . This was a very extraordinary matter . However, people were still quite doubtful about this fact . After all, who was Zhao Hai He was the Patriarch of the Buda Clan and was also the Emperor of the Lyon Empire . Although they knew that Zhao Hai was able to kill Dragons, would such a person still risk himself in order to come to Demon City For the people in Demon City, Zhao Hai was a distant person, one who wouldn t stain his hand in a messy situation like in Demon City . Most of the people in Demon City didn t actually expect Zhao Hai to come, they just thought that the Buddha Empire only said this in order to comfort their hearts . The main reason why these people stayed in the city was because they needed to protect their home . No matter what words the higher ups say, these people would still stay behind . They weren t doing this in order to protect the Human Race, nor was it because of their dedication towards the continent . For them, waging war with the Demons was just a way to protect their homeland .





* * *





Chapter 681 – Influential Figure

Zhao Hai stood under the city’s gate, he didn’t want to act too high-profile, it just wasn’t his character . Although he was now the Emperor of the Lyon Empire, he knew absolutely nothing about the Empire at all . Because of this, he really didn’t think of himself as the Emperor, he was more like a stabilizer, temporarily acting as the Emperor because of the present situation .

At the same time, he also didn’t deem himself to be an influential person . In his mind he was just like any other person on the continent, doing what anybody would have done . The only reason why people were unable to do things that he can do was because they didn’t have the help of the Space .

Zhao Hai might not be aware, but he was actually an extremely influential person on the continent . From what the continent knew, Zhao Hai was a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen as well as a Foreign Elder of the Dwarves and the Elves . In fact, Zhao Hai was also given the title of Foreign Admiral by the Fishmen, but this information was withheld by the Mermaid Queen .

Thess many statuses on one person was unprecedented in the continent, something that might not even be repeated in the future . This made Zhao Hai an very influential figure in the continent . Perhaps it was only Zhao Hai who has yet to discover this point .

The gates of Demon City slowly opened . What made Zhao Hai surprised was the first person to come out, it was a Dark Mage . This person looks like 40 years old, he wore a somewhat new Dark Mage robe, he had a grassy hair and a thin beard . The person was also quite thin, he looked just like that weird uncle that everyone has . This person had a flush on his face along with shining eyes, he actually gave Zhao Hai a bit of a scare .

This person was naturally Wei Gan . He was too excited, he didn’t think that he would meet his idol while defending the city wall . His heart was extremely happy to the point that he began to lose control of his body .

Under Zhao Hai’s gaze, this strange uncle ran very fast toward him . Then the man plopped to the ground, and under Zhao Hai’s surprised expression, he kissed Zhao Hai’s shoes .

This made Zhao Hai stare, then he





immediately pulled the Dark Mage up and said, “Mister, there’s no need to do that . Who are you?”

When Wei Gan discovered that Zhao Hai was asking for his name, he immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Paying respects to Mister Zhao Hai . This one is called Wei Gan, a mage of Demon City’s Gan family . I represent the Gan Family in welcoming your arrival . If it is possible, please pay us a visit . ”

Wei Gan was very excited, he really wasn’t expecting Zhao Hai to be a guest in the Gan Family . In his opinion, even if Zhao Hai only promised visit, then it would already be the greatest honor to the Gan Family .

Zhao Hai looked at Wei Gan . In fact, he already knew the things that Wei Gan has been doing since Cai’er has been monitoring the entirety of Demon City . Zhao Hai was afraid that there were people controlled by the Demons here . It wouldn’t be good if there was a Demon collaborator inside the city when the battle starts . But unexpectedly, there were no Demon controlled people inside Demon City . Especially in this Gan Family, they were the ones that advocated for the defense against the Demons the most . Therefore, Zhao Hai had a very deep impression towards this family .

Zhao Hai immediately smiled and said, “So it turns out to be Mister Wei Gan . I already know about what your Gan Family had done, so I must thank you in behalf of the people of the continent . You can rest assured that I would pay a visit to the Gan Family . However, I need to pay a visit to the defending army first . I have some things to discuss with them . ”

Wei Gan didn’t dare to stop him, he immediately replied, “I won’t dare to stop Mister from doing his business . But please make sure to pay a visit to the Family . We will welcome you at any time . I will now go back to inform the family . ” Then he turned around and ran back to the city with a speed that even a Warrior wouldn’t be able to stop him .

Zhao Hai looked at Wei Gan’s departing back and couldn’t help but smile . He thought that this Mage from the Gan Family was quite interesting . At this time, the army officer has arrived in front of Zhao





Zhao Hai . The officer then gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, “We welcome the arrival of the Lyon Emperor Zhao Hai . I am the defender assigned to the East Gate, Leonard . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Captain Leonard is too polite . There’s no Empire here, so you can just call me Zhao Hai . We’re now allies, jointly fighting against the Demon Race . ”

Leonard didn’t’ expect that Zhao Hai was very easy to speak to, he immediately replied, “Alright, Mister Zhao Hai . Mister, come with me, I already sent word to the General . I’ll be taking you to the General’s residence . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he took a step towards Demon City . At this moment, a horse carriage flew from inside Demon City . This carriage was quite spirited but it still managed to keep stable . It stopped in front of Zhao Hai as its driver got down and said, “Mister, please board the carriage . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then boarded the carriage . Then the carriage turned itself around and rushed back to the city . Leonard didn’t dare to neglect Zhao Hai’s arrival as he lead 20 other subordinates and escorted the carriage on the back to the city .

Zhao Hai wasn’t surprised about this reception, although he didn’t regard himself as a Monarch and an influential person, he was after all the Buda Clan’s Patriarch . In Demon City, this status should’ve at least gained high regard, giving him some allowance when it comes to authority .

Before long, Zhao Hai and the others had arrived at the General’s residence . The General’s residence was actually just a normal house . Since there was no military outpost here, what the General used was the residence of a former Merchant in Demon City . Because that Merchant has returned to the Buddha Empire, his house was requisitioned and became the General’s temporary place .

As soon as the carriage arrived, Zhao Hai didn’t even need to open the door as it was opened from the outside . Zhao Hai stared blankly as he saw a middle-aged man in military uniform holding the door of the carriage open .

Then that middle aged person gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, “Buddha Empire’s General Besmir welcomes Mister Zhao Hai to Demon City . ”

Zhao Hai walked out of the carriage and returned the salute, “General Besmir is too polite . There’s actually no need to open the door for me





for me . ”

Besmir smiled and said, “It is only proper for me to open the door for Mister . Mister has been running around the continent, contacting each power personally . Compared to Mister’s effort, me and the others can only bow down in shame . Mister, please come with me . ” Zhao Hai quickly replied, “Alright . ” Then he walked towards the General’s residence alongside Besmir .

This temporary residence was not big, just a house and a courtyard . Besmir invited Zhao Hai to sit inside the residence’s living room . At this point, the living room looked a lot more like a battle command center . There were stretches of map hangin on the wall as well as a big table at the middle of the room . This big table also had a map . This map showed Demon City as well as outside of it, the verified areas of the Demonic Abyss .

This Demonic Abyss map was naturally incomplete . But the map of the surrounding areas was already helpful for the upcoming fight .

Zhao Hai nodded at Besmir’s methods, he turned to Besmir and said, “General is very diligent . May I know the plans that the General has come up with?”

Besmir didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be straightforward, having just arrived to Demon City . However, Besmir also knew that it wasn’t time for small talk, so he immediately lead Zhao Hai to the map . Then Besmir said, “Mister, look here, this terrain is very crucial in protecting the Demonic Abyss . This is due to the gentle slope, although it isn’t that steep, it can still hinder an army’s advance . I intend to use this slope to carry out layers and layers of blockade to resist the Demon Army . What does mister think about this?”

Zhao Hai looked at the map, gently knitting his eyebrows . To be honest, there weren’t any major issues to Besmir approach . However, that plan didn’t take into account the large number of demonic creatures that would be coming out of the abyss . If a large amount of creatures come out, then this layers upon layers of blockade would eventually be overrun . At the same time, this plan would also dilute the number of personnel on each point, which was also detrimental in defending the city .

When Besmir saw Zhao Hai frown, perhaps not contented with what he heard, his heart couldn’t help but beat faster . Zhao Hai

Zhao Hai was an existence that he cannot afford to offend . In fact, even the Buddha Emperor wouldn’t dare offend Zhao Hai . Therefore, when Besmir saw that Zhao Hai seemed to be dissatisfied with the arrangement, he immediately became afraid .

Zhao Hai was divided on whether to expose the numbers of the Demon Race or not . He was afraid that if he revealed the number of invaders to Besmir, then it might topple the General’s confidence in defending the city . However, if Zhao Hai didn’t tell the General the enemy’s numbers, how could Zhao Hai convince him to change the plan?

Zhao Hai thought about this for a while, then he opened his mouth and said, “There are no problems with the General’s arrangement . However, I think the General seems to have overlooked something . That is the quantity of the Demon Realm’s army . ”

When Besmir heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment . Then his expression turned ugly, he looked back at the map which made his expression change even more, he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you saying that there would be a large number of Demon Realm invaders?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “General, think about it, if the Demon Realm wanted to invade the continent, then would they only send a small number of soldiers? First, let’s not discuss about how big the Demon Realm is, but in Ark Continent, if one were given the power of the entire world, how big would their army be? The number of Demon Realm soldiers certainly wouldn’t be smaller than that . At the same time, the combat power of the Demons is quite strong, when I met a 9th rank Demon last time, he didn’t die even when I managed to slice his head open, he even managed to make a counter attack . This kind of combat resilience is astounding . Therefore, I think that the General should just withdraw the army and defend the city . And while the General defends the city, the external defenses will be handed over to me . ”

When Besmir heard Zhao Hai, he immediately understood . Zhao Hai had a lot of strong undead, this fact was already known to the continent . He also didn’t doubt the fighting capability of Zhao Hai’s undead . Besmir just overlooked the power and numbers of the Demon Realm army, now that Zhao Hai said it, he also felt like there were problems in his plan .

 Chapter 681 Influential Figure Zhao Hai stood under the city s gate, he didn t want to act too high profile, it just wasn t his character . Although he was now the Emperor of the Lyon Empire, he knew absolutely nothing about the Empire at all . Because of this, he really didn t think of himself as the Emperor, he was more like a stabilizer, temporarily acting as the Emperor because of the present situation . At the same time, he also didn t deem himself to be an influential person . In his mind he was just like any other person on the continent, doing what anybody would have done . The only reason why people were unable to do things that he can do was because they didn t have the help of the Space . Zhao Hai might not be aware, but he was actually an extremely influential person on the continent . From what the continent knew, Zhao Hai was a Foreign Prince of the Beastmen as well as a Foreign Elder of the Dwarves and the Elves . In fact, Zhao Hai was also given the title of Foreign Admiral by the Fishmen, but this information was withheld by the Mermaid Queen . Thess many statuses on one person was unprecedented in the continent, something that might not even be repeated in the future . This made Zhao Hai an very influential figure in the continent . Perhaps it was only Zhao Hai who has yet to discover this point . The gates of Demon City slowly opened . What made Zhao Hai surprised was the first person to come out, it was a Dark Mage . This person looks like 40 years old, he wore a somewhat new Dark Mage robe, he had a grassy hair and a thin beard . The person was also quite thin, he looked just like that weird uncle that everyone has . This person had a flush on his face along with shining eyes, he actually gave Zhao Hai a bit of a scare . This person was naturally Wei Gan . He was too excited, he didn t think that he would meet his idol while defending the city wall . His heart was extremely happy to the point that he began to lose control of his body . Under Zhao Hai s gaze, this strange uncle ran very fast toward him . Then the man plopped to the ground, and under Zhao Hai s surprised expression, he kissed Zhao Hai s shoes . This made Zhao Hai stare, then he immediately pulled the Dark Mage up and said, Mister, there s no need to do that . Who are you When Wei Gan discovered that Zhao Hai was asking for his name, he immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, Paying respects to Mister Zhao Hai . This one is called Wei Gan, a mage of Demon City s Gan family . I represent the Gan Family in welcoming your arrival . If it is possible, please pay us a visit . Wei Gan was very excited, he really wasn t expecting Zhao Hai to be a guest in the Gan Family . In his opinion, even if Zhao Hai only promised visit, then it would already be the greatest honor to the Gan Family . Zhao Hai looked at Wei Gan . In fact, he already knew the things that Wei Gan has been doing since Cai er has been monitoring the entirety of Demon City . Zhao Hai was afraid that there were people controlled by the Demons here . It wouldn t be good if there was a Demon collaborator inside the city when the battle starts . But unexpectedly, there were no Demon controlled people inside Demon City . Especially in this Gan Family, they were the ones that advocated for the defense against the Demons the most . Therefore, Zhao Hai had a very deep impression towards this family . Zhao Hai immediately smiled and said, So it turns out to be Mister Wei Gan . I already know about what your Gan Family had done, so I must thank you in behalf of the people of the continent . You can rest assured that I would pay a visit to the Gan Family . However, I need to pay a visit to the defending army first . I have some things to discuss with them . Wei Gan didn t dare to stop him, he immediately replied, I won t dare to stop Mister from doing his business . But please make sure to pay a visit to the Family . We will welcome you at any time . I will now go back to inform the family . Then he turned around and ran back to the city with a speed that even a Warrior wouldn t be able to stop him . Zhao Hai looked at Wei Gan s departing back and couldn t help but smile . He thought that this Mage from the Gan Family was quite interesting . At this time, the army officer has arrived in front of Zhao Hai . The officer then gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, We welcome the arrival of the Lyon Emperor Zhao Hai . I am the defender assigned to the East Gate, Leonard . Zhao Hai smiled and said, Captain Leonard is too polite . There s no Empire here, so you can just call me Zhao Hai . We re now allies, jointly fighting against the Demon Race . Leonard didn t expect that Zhao Hai was very easy to speak to, he immediately replied, Alright, Mister Zhao Hai . Mister, come with me, I already sent word to the General . I ll be taking you to the General s residence . Zhao Hai nodded, then he took a step towards Demon City . At this moment, a horse carriage flew from inside Demon City . This carriage was quite spirited but it still managed to keep stable . It stopped in front of Zhao Hai as its driver got down and said, Mister, please board the carriage . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then boarded the carriage . Then the carriage turned itself around and rushed back to the city . Leonard didn t dare to neglect Zhao Hai s arrival as he lead 20 other subordinates and escorted the carriage on the back to the city . Zhao Hai wasn t surprised about this reception, although he didn t regard himself as a Monarch and an influential person, he was after all the Buda Clan s Patriarch . In Demon City, this status should ve at least gained high regard, giving him some allowance when it comes to authority . Before long, Zhao Hai and the others had arrived at the General s residence . The General s residence was actually just a normal house . Since there was no military outpost here, what the General used was the residence of a former Merchant in Demon City . Because that Merchant has returned to the Buddha Empire, his house was requisitioned and became the General s temporary place . As soon as the carriage arrived, Zhao Hai didn t even need to open the door as it was opened from the outside . Zhao Hai stared blankly as he saw a middle aged man in military uniform holding the door of the carriage open . Then that middle aged person gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, Buddha Empire s General Besmir welcomes Mister Zhao Hai to Demon City . Zhao Hai walked out of the carriage and returned the salute, General Besmir is too polite . There s actually no need to open the door for me . Besmir smiled and said, It is only proper for me to open the door for Mister . Mister has been running around the continent, contacting each power personally . Compared to Mister s effort, me and the others can only bow down in shame . Mister, please come with me . Zhao Hai quickly replied, Alright . Then he walked towards the General s residence alongside Besmir . This temporary residence was not big, just a house and a courtyard . Besmir invited Zhao Hai to sit inside the residence s living room . At this point, the living room looked a lot more like a battle command center . There were stretches of map hangin on the wall as well as a big table at the middle of the room . This big table also had a map . This map showed Demon City as well as outside of it, the verified areas of the Demonic Abyss . This Demonic Abyss map was naturally incomplete . But the map of the surrounding areas was already helpful for the upcoming fight . Zhao Hai nodded at Besmir s methods, he turned to Besmir and said, General is very diligent . May I know the plans that the General has come up with Besmir didn t expect Zhao Hai to be straightforward, having just arrived to Demon City . However, Besmir also knew that it wasn t time for small talk, so he immediately lead Zhao Hai to the map . Then Besmir said, Mister, look here, this terrain is very crucial in protecting the Demonic Abyss . This is due to the gentle slope, although it isn t that steep, it can still hinder an army s advance . I intend to use this slope to carry out layers and layers of blockade to resist the Demon Army . What does mister think about this Zhao Hai looked at the map, gently knitting his eyebrows . To be honest, there weren t any major issues to Besmir approach . However, that plan didn t take into account the large number of demonic creatures that would be coming out of the abyss . If a large amount of creatures come out, then this layers upon layers of blockade would eventually be overrun . At the same time, this plan would also dilute the number of personnel on each point, which was also detrimental in defending the city . When Besmir saw Zhao Hai frown, perhaps not contented with what he heard, his heart couldn t help but beat faster . Zhao Hai was an existence that he cannot afford to offend . In fact, even the Buddha Emperor wouldn t dare offend Zhao Hai . Therefore, when Besmir saw that Zhao Hai seemed to be dissatisfied with the arrangement, he immediately became afraid . Zhao Hai was divided on whether to expose the numbers of the Demon Race or not . He was afraid that if he revealed the number of invaders to Besmir, then it might topple the General s confidence in defending the city . However, if Zhao Hai didn t tell the General the enemy s numbers, how could Zhao Hai convince him to change the plan Zhao Hai thought about this for a while, then he opened his mouth and said, There are no problems with the General s arrangement . However, I think the General seems to have overlooked something . That is the quantity of the Demon Realm s army . When Besmir heard Zhao Hai, he couldn t help but stare for a moment . Then his expression turned ugly, he looked back at the map which made his expression change even more, he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, Mister, are you saying that there would be a large number of Demon Realm invaders Zhao Hai nodded and said, General, think about it, if the Demon Realm wanted to invade the continent, then would they only send a small number of soldiers First, let s not discuss about how big the Demon Realm is, but in Ark Continent, if one were given the power of the entire world, how big would their army be The number of Demon Realm soldiers certainly wouldn t be smaller than that . At the same time, the combat power of the Demons is quite strong, when I met a 9th rank Demon last time, he didn t die even when I managed to slice his head open, he even managed to make a counter attack . This kind of combat resilience is astounding . Therefore, I think that the General should just withdraw the army and defend the city . And while the General defends the city, the external defenses will be handed over to me . When Besmir heard Zhao Hai, he immediately understood . Zhao Hai had a lot of strong undead, this fact was already known to the continent . He also didn t doubt the fighting capability of Zhao Hai s undead . Besmir just overlooked the power and numbers of the Demon Realm army, now that Zhao Hai said it, he also felt like there were problems in his plan .





* * *





Chapter 682 – Unimportant Person

Besmir understood that Zhao Hai wanted him to withdraw his army, minimizing the losses to the defending troops . At the same time, Zhao Hai would use his undead army to bear the brunt of the attack, after all, they were also strong enough to do so .

Besmire wasn’t a fool, considering the manpower present in Demon City, it would be impossible for them alone to block the Demon Race . The previous time that the Demons attacked, it took the power of the entire continent to drive them back . Ninth rank experts joined in the resistance back then as well . Those 9th ranks even used forbidden sacrificial magic in order to seal up several spatial rifts . It was said that those 9th ranks were much stronger than the 9th ranks in the present time . And more importantly, a lot of forbidden magics have been lost from that day forth . If one were to compare the proficiency of magic today and in the past, then one could say that it might not have improved, and in terms of forbidden magics, then it might be even worse .

The reason why Besmir thought about all of these was because magic was something that was constantly being developed . It was just like how Earth developed from using cold weapons into using firearms, from using stone tools into using metal ones . However, that progress took thousands of years . The Ark Continent underwent the same process as well . After a long period of research, the continent’s progress was also quite amazing .

As far as people were concerned, the magic of the continent tens of thousands of years ago wasn’t as complicated as it was now . That magic back then was just powerful, especially the forbidden magics, it had the power to move mountains Although forbidden magics can still accomplish this at the present time, one shouldn’t forget the fact that only very few Mages were able to use forbidden magics .

People who had studied history discovered that tens of thousands of years ago, promoting to 9th rank was much easier than it was now . At that time, there were even news that people had been ascending to the Divine Realm .





But after that, there were no information of people ascending for tens of thousands of years .

Although this point made people confused, their research yielded them with no results . In the end, the researchers just reckoned that the magic elements present in the continent right now was much thinner compared to back then . But was it really like this? Nobody knows .

However, even if forbidden magics were very rare in the present time, the continent had actually taken another road when it comes to magic . Some low to mid-level magics have become stronger compared to back then . There were also a lot of Mages right now, so if one would really compare, then the current magical level wasn’t that worse compared to before .

But while people can say that its no worse than tens of thousands of years ago, nobody would dare say that it was stronger . If it took the entire continent to repel the Demons last time, then it would also take the entire continent to repel the Demons now .

Although Besmir didn’t know about the situation of the Demon Race, he was quite smart, he knew that the spatial cracks in the past had appeared by accident . The Demons weren’t aware that those spatial cracks would appear, they were also very ignorant when it comes to the Ark Continent .

But now, it was different, the Demons had been aware of the Ark Continent for tens of thousands of years . Although they were defeated and had the spatial cracks sealed, the Demons still waited for many years in order to invade the Ark Continent .

The previous Demon invasion can be said to be done in haste, they just didn’t have time to prepare . But now that they were prepared, there was no way to solidly compare the two events . Therefore, blocking the Demons here would certainly prove impossible . Besmir’s purpose here was to delay the Demons for a couple of days, giving the continent time to gear up .

When he heard Zhao Hai’s plan, Besmir couldn’t help but nod and said, “Alright, then we’ll be doing it according to Mister’s plan . Does mister have any more ideas?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t .





However I’ll be heading to the Gan Family and then going to the Demonic Abyss to take a look . I want to clear all the undead and magic beasts there before the Demons arrive otherwise they might aid the Demons in their invasion . ”

Besmir stared, then he knit his eyebrows and said, “Mister, that is too dangerous . I suggest that you don’t go . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “General can rest assured, I already had managed to explore several Forbidden Areas of the Continent . I had been to the Northern Icefield as well as the Carrion Swamp . The Demonic Abyss shouldn’t be any different from those . ” Then Zhao Hai turned around and walked towards outside .

When Besmir heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but stare . There were few people who were aware that Zhao Hai went to the Northern Icefield, however, the fact that he had explored the Carrion Swamp wasn’t well known . Zhao Hai’s exploration of the Carrion Swamp was what made Besmir astonished .

The people of the continent had always speculated that the Buda Clan had a secret territory somewhere . Otherwise, where would the family’s good products come from? However, up until now, people weren’t able to find it . But if one adds Zhao Hai’s statement that he had explored the Carrion Swamp, seeing how well he was doing, and the fact that the Black Wasteland was still owned by the Buda Clan, Besmir immediately thought that the Buda Clan’s mysterious territory was actually their first territory in the continent, the Black Wasteland .

What was this? Is there something good out there in the Black Wasteland? It depends on which hands it falls into . Other Dark Mages can control thousands of undead, and it was known that Zhao Hai can control undead that numbered in the millions . If he can do this, then why can’t he grow something in the Black Wasteland?

Zhao Hai didn’t care about what Besmir was thinking . The reason he told Besmir about this fact was because he was already prepared to reveal the Black Wasteland to the entire continent . At this point, there was no use for him if he were to take the Black Wasteland as his secret .

After





.

After Zhao Hai left the General’s residence, a carriage driver immediately bowed towards him and said, “Mister, I am the General’s personal carriage driver . I have been given the task of taking you wherever you want . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I want to go to the Gan Family, do you know the way?”

The carriage driver immediately replied, “Of course, Mister, there’s no place in Demon City that I am unable to find . I ask Mister to please board the carriage . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and went into the carriage while the driver held the door open for him . Then the carriage immediately soared towards the Gan Family . In Demon City, there were only few people who don’t know of the Gan Family . However, the family’s residence wasn’t very special . There were no special structures anywhere, it looks just like an ordinary residence with a very ordinary courtyard .

As soon as the carriage stopped in front of the Gan Family’s residence, the carriage driver immediately got down from the carriage and went to two Gan Family members who were guarding the gate . When the two Gan family members saw the carriage driver, they immediately recognized him, one of them said, “Barn, I didn’t expect that you’d come . We really can’t accommodate you, do you know who we’re expecting today? It’s mister Zhao Hai . Therefore, the family can’t really receive visitors now . ”

Barn smiled at the two people and said, “I was given an order by General Besmir, starting today, I will be acting as Mister Zhao Hai’s carriage driver . Today, Mister Zhao Hai asked me to take him here to see the Gan Family . ” After Barn said that, he quickly opened the door as Zhao Hai walked down from the carriage .

The two people from the Gan family were shocked, then didn’t think that Barn would actually be Zhao Hai’s carriage driver . Although Barn’s driving skills and carriage were the best in Demon City, they still didn’t expect Zhao Hai to sit in Barn’s carriage . They thought that Zhao Hai would be visiting the Gan Family on board the General’s special carriage .

Actually, this arrangement was made by Besmir . He wasn’t actually very stingy in handing his

in handing his carriage over, however, he was given information by the Buddha Emperor that Zhao Hai preferred to be low-key if possible . Making a huge show wouldn’t be to Zhao Hai’s liking . Therefore, Besmir decided to have Barn take Zhao Hai around . Naturally, this arrangement was very well liked by Zhao Hai .

After seeing Zhao Hai come out, the two immediately responded, they took steps towards Zhao Hai before bowing, “We have seen Mister Zhao Hai . Mister, please come in . ’ Then one of them escorted Zhao Hai in while the other ran as fast as he could to report the matter to the family . Naturally, the first one to be informed would be the Patriarch of the Gan Family .

Zhao Hai wasn’t surprised about this situation, he turned his head towards the doorman and said, “Hey, are you very familiar with Barn?” The Gan Family member didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be very polite . He couldn’t help but gape his mouth, unable to speak .

Zhao Hai looked at the person’s expression and smiled faintly, “Don’t be anxious, just answer my question, I won’t eat you . ”

The Gan family member recovered, his face couldn’t help but turn red as he apologized, “I’m very sorry Mister, I have been rude . Right, I am very familiar with Barn . He grew up inside Demon City and his parents were adventurers . But one time, his parents went to the Demonic Abyss to explore, only to never come back . After then he became a beggar in Demon City before working for other people when he grew older . Afterwards, when he had the money, he bought himself a horse carriage, becoming Demon City’s best carriage driver . With him having grown up in the city, there were nobody who bullied him, making him enjoy a good life . When the news about the Demon invasion came and civilians were leaving, Barn decided to stay behind . He said that although he couldn’t fight and help in resisting the Demons, he would still offer his carriage to help the army with transportation . General Besmir felt grateful for Barn’s decision so he decided to have Barn be his residence’s attendant . ”

 Chapter 682 Unimportant Person Besmir understood that Zhao Hai wanted him to withdraw his army, minimizing the losses to the defending troops . At the same time, Zhao Hai would use his undead army to bear the brunt of the attack, after all, they were also strong enough to do so . Besmire wasn t a fool, considering the manpower present in Demon City, it would be impossible for them alone to block the Demon Race . The previous time that the Demons attacked, it took the power of the entire continent to drive them back . Ninth rank experts joined in the resistance back then as well . Those 9th ranks even used forbidden sacrificial magic in order to seal up several spatial rifts . It was said that those 9th ranks were much stronger than the 9th ranks in the present time . And more importantly, a lot of forbidden magics have been lost from that day forth . If one were to compare the proficiency of magic today and in the past, then one could say that it might not have improved, and in terms of forbidden magics, then it might be even worse . The reason why Besmir thought about all of these was because magic was something that was constantly being developed . It was just like how Earth developed from using cold weapons into using firearms, from using stone tools into using metal ones . However, that progress took thousands of years . The Ark Continent underwent the same process as well . After a long period of research, the continent s progress was also quite amazing . As far as people were concerned, the magic of the continent tens of thousands of years ago wasn t as complicated as it was now . That magic back then was just powerful, especially the forbidden magics, it had the power to move mountains Although forbidden magics can still accomplish this at the present time, one shouldn t forget the fact that only very few Mages were able to use forbidden magics . People who had studied history discovered that tens of thousands of years ago, promoting to 9th rank was much easier than it was now . At that time, there were even news that people had been ascending to the Divine Realm . But after that, there were no information of people ascending for tens of thousands of years . Although this point made people confused, their research yielded them with no results . In the end, the researchers just reckoned that the magic elements present in the continent right now was much thinner compared to back then . But was it really like this Nobody knows . However, even if forbidden magics were very rare in the present time, the continent had actually taken another road when it comes to magic . Some low to mid level magics have become stronger compared to back then . There were also a lot of Mages right now, so if one would really compare, then the current magical level wasn t that worse compared to before . But while people can say that its no worse than tens of thousands of years ago, nobody would dare say that it was stronger . If it took the entire continent to repel the Demons last time, then it would also take the entire continent to repel the Demons now . Although Besmir didn t know about the situation of the Demon Race, he was quite smart, he knew that the spatial cracks in the past had appeared by accident . The Demons weren t aware that those spatial cracks would appear, they were also very ignorant when it comes to the Ark Continent . But now, it was different, the Demons had been aware of the Ark Continent for tens of thousands of years . Although they were defeated and had the spatial cracks sealed, the Demons still waited for many years in order to invade the Ark Continent . The previous Demon invasion can be said to be done in haste, they just didn t have time to prepare . But now that they were prepared, there was no way to solidly compare the two events . Therefore, blocking the Demons here would certainly prove impossible . Besmir s purpose here was to delay the Demons for a couple of days, giving the continent time to gear up . When he heard Zhao Hai s plan, Besmir couldn t help but nod and said, Alright, then we ll be doing it according to Mister s plan . Does mister have any more ideas Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I don t . However I ll be heading to the Gan Family and then going to the Demonic Abyss to take a look . I want to clear all the undead and magic beasts there before the Demons arrive otherwise they might aid the Demons in their invasion . Besmir stared, then he knit his eyebrows and said, Mister, that is too dangerous . I suggest that you don t go . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, General can rest assured, I already had managed to explore several Forbidden Areas of the Continent . I had been to the Northern Icefield as well as the Carrion Swamp . The Demonic Abyss shouldn t be any different from those . Then Zhao Hai turned around and walked towards outside . When Besmir heard Zhao Hai, he couldn t help but stare . There were few people who were aware that Zhao Hai went to the Northern Icefield, however, the fact that he had explored the Carrion Swamp wasn t well known . Zhao Hai s exploration of the Carrion Swamp was what made Besmir astonished . The people of the continent had always speculated that the Buda Clan had a secret territory somewhere . Otherwise, where would the family s good products come from However, up until now, people weren t able to find it . But if one adds Zhao Hai s statement that he had explored the Carrion Swamp, seeing how well he was doing, and the fact that the Black Wasteland was still owned by the Buda Clan, Besmir immediately thought that the Buda Clan s mysterious territory was actually their first territory in the continent, the Black Wasteland . What was this Is there something good out there in the Black Wasteland It depends on which hands it falls into . Other Dark Mages can control thousands of undead, and it was known that Zhao Hai can control undead that numbered in the millions . If he can do this, then why can t he grow something in the Black Wasteland Zhao Hai didn t care about what Besmir was thinking . The reason he told Besmir about this fact was because he was already prepared to reveal the Black Wasteland to the entire continent . At this point, there was no use for him if he were to take the Black Wasteland as his secret . After Zhao Hai left the General s residence, a carriage driver immediately bowed towards him and said, Mister, I am the General s personal carriage driver . I have been given the task of taking you wherever you want . Zhao Hai nodded and said, I want to go to the Gan Family, do you know the way The carriage driver immediately replied, Of course, Mister, there s no place in Demon City that I am unable to find . I ask Mister to please board the carriage . Zhao Hai nodded and went into the carriage while the driver held the door open for him . Then the carriage immediately soared towards the Gan Family . In Demon City, there were only few people who don t know of the Gan Family . However, the family s residence wasn t very special . There were no special structures anywhere, it looks just like an ordinary residence with a very ordinary courtyard . As soon as the carriage stopped in front of the Gan Family s residence, the carriage driver immediately got down from the carriage and went to two Gan Family members who were guarding the gate . When the two Gan family members saw the carriage driver, they immediately recognized him, one of them said, Barn, I didn t expect that you d come . We really can t accommodate you, do you know who we re expecting today It s mister Zhao Hai . Therefore, the family can t really receive visitors now . Barn smiled at the two people and said, I was given an order by General Besmir, starting today, I will be acting as Mister Zhao Hai s carriage driver . Today, Mister Zhao Hai asked me to take him here to see the Gan Family . After Barn said that, he quickly opened the door as Zhao Hai walked down from the carriage . The two people from the Gan family were shocked, then didn t think that Barn would actually be Zhao Hai s carriage driver . Although Barn s driving skills and carriage were the best in Demon City, they still didn t expect Zhao Hai to sit in Barn s carriage . They thought that Zhao Hai would be visiting the Gan Family on board the General s special carriage . Actually, this arrangement was made by Besmir . He wasn t actually very stingy in handing his carriage over, however, he was given information by the Buddha Emperor that Zhao Hai preferred to be low key if possible . Making a huge show wouldn t be to Zhao Hai s liking . Therefore, Besmir decided to have Barn take Zhao Hai around . Naturally, this arrangement was very well liked by Zhao Hai . After seeing Zhao Hai come out, the two immediately responded, they took steps towards Zhao Hai before bowing, We have seen Mister Zhao Hai . Mister, please come in . Then one of them escorted Zhao Hai in while the other ran as fast as he could to report the matter to the family . Naturally, the first one to be informed would be the Patriarch of the Gan Family . Zhao Hai wasn t surprised about this situation, he turned his head towards the doorman and said, Hey, are you very familiar with Barn The Gan Family member didn t think that Zhao Hai would be very polite . He couldn t help but gape his mouth, unable to speak . Zhao Hai looked at the person s expression and smiled faintly, Don t be anxious, just answer my question, I won t eat you . The Gan family member recovered, his face couldn t help but turn red as he apologized, I m very sorry Mister, I have been rude . Right, I am very familiar with Barn . He grew up inside Demon City and his parents were adventurers . But one time, his parents went to the Demonic Abyss to explore, only to never come back . After then he became a beggar in Demon City before working for other people when he grew older . Afterwards, when he had the money, he bought himself a horse carriage, becoming Demon City s best carriage driver . With him having grown up in the city, there were nobody who bullied him, making him enjoy a good life . When the news about the Demon invasion came and civilians were leaving, Barn decided to stay behind . He said that although he couldn t fight and help in resisting the Demons, he would still offer his carriage to help the army with transportation . General Besmir felt grateful for Barn s decision so he decided to have Barn be his residence s attendant .





* * *





Chapter 683 – Slaves

Zhao Hai quietly listened to the words of the Gan Family member . If Zhao Hai was an influential person in the continent, then this Barn was a very small and unimportant person . In his entire life, Barn could only become a carriage driver, besides slaves, he was among the lowest ranked people in the continent .

However, Zhao Hai was actually touched by this unimportant person . He didn’t have the strength yet he still offered his efforts to defend his home . If the continent were to have a lot of people like this, then the continent would never fall . It wouldn’t be a slave to the Divine Race nor would it be eliminated by the Demons, Zhao Hai had a firm belief of this point .

When he heard the doorman’s words, turned towards the carriage and looked at the scenery . Standing nearby the carriage was Barn, peacefully standing there while looking at the surroundings . It seems like it didn’t matter to Barn whether he had seen this scenery before or not .

Zhao Hai felt like Barn was like 1900 in the move ‘The Legend of 1900’ . Ever since childhood, Barn didn’t leave Demon City, the same as 1900 who didn’t leave the ship . Their lives were reflections of each other . The outside world was too big, and because of this, both of them were afraid . This made them decide to just stay in their own world . It also made Zhao Hai reflect on his life back on Earth, when he was just an ordinary nerd .

The Gan Family member was confused as he looked at Zhao Hai . He didn’t know why Zhao Hai stopped . Moreover, he was looking at Barn with a very strange gaze . However, the Gan Family member didn’t say anything, with his status, he didn’t have the merit to disturb Zhao Hai . Not only him, even if the Gan Family Patriarch were to see Zhao Hai, he would still need to respect Zhao Hai’s actions .

Then Zhao Hai turned his head towards the doorman and said, “Let’s go . ” He had made a decision, he would lead Barn to the outside world . He wanted Barn to see another world other than his own, even if it meant that Barn would know about the Space .

Although it was said that the Gan Family’s residence was common, it wasn’t small





. Just after Zhao Hai walked through the first courtyard, he suddenly heard some footsteps in the distance . Then as the footsteps got louder, several people appeared . These people were wearing mage’s robes, it seems like they are the core members of the Gan Family .

On their lead was 50-year old Mage . He didn’t have a very magnificent robe, and the staff on his hand seems like it was made out of beast bones . His hair was somewhat gray but it was actually very neat . If one were to see Wei Gan and see him as embarrassing, then this person exudes the presence of seriousness .

However, instead of seriousness this old Mage had a very excited look on his face . When he saw Zhao Hai, he immediately walked towards Zhao Hai and knelt, “Mister, please forgive me for being unable to personally welcome you . I ask mister to excuse my bad manners . I am the Patriarch of the Gan Clan, Tywin Gan . ” The Mages behind him knelt down as well . This action gave the doorman an extreme fright . When the core members saw Zhao Hai, they didn’t just salute, they actually knelt . The doorman was afraid that he had been very disrespectful .

Zhao Hai didn’t expect these people to go overboard with their greeting . He immediately helped Tywin up as he said, “Why would Patriarch Tywin give me such an overboard greeting? This Zhao Hai won’t dare accept it . ”

Tywin bowed down and said, “Mister can surely accept it . If mister can’t then nobody could . Our Gan Family is willing to be Mister’s slaves, I hope mister can agree . ”

Zhao Hai stared, being a slave was completely different from being vassals . Vassals have their own autonomy, it would be fine as long as they obey their master’s orders . However, slaves didn’t have the right to autonomy . In the future, they would need to obey Zhao Hai’s every word . They would do what Zhao Hai wanted them to do . Zhao Hai couldn’t understand, why would they suddenly decide to become his slaves?

Zhao Hai didn’t agree immediately, instead, he calmly said, “Patriarch is too polite . I will not accept for now . Can we go in and discuss it first?”

Tywin immediately replied, “Of course, we have been disrespectful . Mister, please come in . ” Then he led





led Zhao Hai towards through the courtyard and then to a lobby . Then he asked Zhao Hai to sit down while all of them stayed standing .

Zhao Hai looked at them and calmly asked, “Might I know why your Family wanted to become my Clan’s slaves?”

Tywin settled his own emotions down and seriously replied, “I’ll be totally honest to Mister, after this Demon Race matter gets finished, we won’t be able to stay inside Demon City anymore . We had stayed inside Demon City for a long time, but we still haven’t made any close friends . Even if we side with the Calci Family, we still can’t be assured of our future . Therefore, we decided to side with Mister . You are the continent’s strongest Dark Mage, so we want to rely on you for survival . And since we don’t have the abilities to be vassals, we are willing to be your slaves . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Tywin, he can somewhat understand the sorrows of this small clan . Therefore, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “How many people currently belong to the Gan Family?”

Tywin immediately replied, “We have a total of 17 Dark Mages in the family . Seven 4th ranks, three 5th ranks, three 6th ranks, two 7th ranks, and two 8th ranks . There are also 32 other members along with 10 slaves . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, the number was not a lot . He turned his head to Tywin and said, “You really want to be my Clan’s slaves? You can think about it more . ”

Hearing that Zhao Hai seems to be willing, Tywin quickly said, “We are willing, very willing . Mister, rest assured, we already discussed this with everyone . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, I agree . Starting today, you shall call me Young Master . Call all your family members as well as slaves, I shall be sending them to a safe place . The Dark Mages would have to remain, I need you somewhere else . ”

Tywin immediately responded, “Yes, Young Master . We will arrange it right away . ” Then he immediately told the Dark Mages behind him to arrange the things that Zhao Hai had ordered . Then Tywin stayed to listen for further instructions from Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Most people in the continent only know that I am a Dark Mage, but they didn’t know how I became one . Since you have become





have become my slaves, then I shall be open about you about these . After this matter, I shall tell you . In the meantime, I shall be using my Space Divergent Technique in order to send your family members to the Black Wasteland, that place is the true place of my Buda Clan . Then I shall be giving all of you potions, elevating your strengths to 9th rank . I’llbe leading you to the Demonic Abyss in order to eliminate all the magic beasts and undead there so that they cannot become part of the Demon army . ”

Even if Zhao Hai hadn’t revealed too much, these small secrets were enough to make the Gan Family Dark Mages excited . Zhao Hai telling them things that ordinary people couldn’t know meant that Zhao Hai already treated them as his Clan’s slaves .

Although being a slave to another wasn’t the most glorious thing, it still depends on where one was a slave to . Slaves of an Emperor were still powerful people, and Zhao Hai himself was a monarch .

There weren’t a lot of people in the Gan Family and they didn’t have a lot of belongings . In a place like Demon City, one couldn’t really get that much belongings .

Zhao Hai arrived outside and when he saw the others he nodded, then he said to Tywin, “You arrange two people to go guide them . When they arrive at the Black Wasteland, someone will arrange their accomodation . Tell them to not be anxious and just follow instructions . ”

Tywin nodded, then he immediately acted on Zhao Hai’s instructions . Before long, everything was arranged . Then Zhao Hai opened a spatial rift and took these people to the Black Wasteland .

Just when he had agreed to take the Gan Family as his slaves, Cai’er already went to inform Green and the others . There weren’t a lot of people this time, so Green shouldn’t have any problems in accommodating these people . Green had already arranged residences for tens of thousands of people, this matter should be very easy .

However, Green stil needed to take special attention to these people . After all, they had just become the Buda Clan’s slaves . Therefore, they should be given the same accommodation as the clan’s slaves . They were going to be arranged at Iron Mountain Fort .

Before long, the two Gan Family Dark Mages came back . Seeing that the two

that the two Dark Mages had arrived, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Tywin and said, “Have all of the family’s Dark Mages come here . I shall be giving you potions that would make you 9th ranks at the shortest time . ”

They looked at Zhao Hai with surprised expressions, this was because Zhao Hai had told them that he would make them into 9th ranks . Although Zhao Hai had told them about this beforehand, they just thought that they had misheard him . Their strongest members were 8th ranks, and even them didn’t know when they’ll become 9th ranks . Therefore, what they got from Zhao Hai’s previous announcement was that they would just get stronger by a bit, and not become 9th ranks . But it seems like they had not misheard Zhao Hai, he really wanted to make them 9th ranks . Was this possible?”

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and coldly snorted, “Don’t doubt me, even my undead are 9th ranks . Otherwise, where would I find the confidence to trash the Dragons?”

Tywin, who was still shocked, immediately recovered and bowed down, “Please forgive us, Young Master . We don’t dare doubt the Young Master’s words . ” The other Dark Mages also bowed down to Zhao Hai, “Please forgive us, Young Master . ”

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Alright, don’t doubt me from now on . Your Young Master is a God-ranked expert, I just didn’t decide to ascend to the Divine Realm . I tell you this, the laws of this world can’t control me . I want to head towards the Demonic Abyss this time in order to promote my own strength . But since you had sided with me, then I shall increase your strengths . After all, I cannot manage everything in the continent, so I would have you be my representatives . And since you represent my Buda Clan, I can’t have you looking so weak lest you lose face for the clan . ”

All of them were stunned, however, they couldn’t hide the excitement on their faces . They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be a God-ranked expert . No wonder Zhao Hai dared to eliminate the Dragons . All of them were extremely happy, they didn’t think that they would actually serve a God-ranked expert . There was zero shame in becoming slaves to a God-ranked expert, in fact, it might even cause envy on a lot of people .

 Chapter 683 Slaves Zhao Hai quietly listened to the words of the Gan Family member . If Zhao Hai was an influential person in the continent, then this Barn was a very small and unimportant person . In his entire life, Barn could only become a carriage driver, besides slaves, he was among the lowest ranked people in the continent . However, Zhao Hai was actually touched by this unimportant person . He didn t have the strength yet he still offered his efforts to defend his home . If the continent were to have a lot of people like this, then the continent would never fall . It wouldn t be a slave to the Divine Race nor would it be eliminated by the Demons, Zhao Hai had a firm belief of this point . When he heard the doorman s words, turned towards the carriage and looked at the scenery . Standing nearby the carriage was Barn, peacefully standing there while looking at the surroundings . It seems like it didn t matter to Barn whether he had seen this scenery before or not . Zhao Hai felt like Barn was like 1900 in the move The Legend of 1900 . Ever since childhood, Barn didn t leave Demon City, the same as 1900 who didn t leave the ship . Their lives were reflections of each other . The outside world was too big, and because of this, both of them were afraid . This made them decide to just stay in their own world . It also made Zhao Hai reflect on his life back on Earth, when he was just an ordinary nerd . The Gan Family member was confused as he looked at Zhao Hai . He didn t know why Zhao Hai stopped . Moreover, he was looking at Barn with a very strange gaze . However, the Gan Family member didn t say anything, with his status, he didn t have the merit to disturb Zhao Hai . Not only him, even if the Gan Family Patriarch were to see Zhao Hai, he would still need to respect Zhao Hai s actions . Then Zhao Hai turned his head towards the doorman and said, Let s go . He had made a decision, he would lead Barn to the outside world . He wanted Barn to see another world other than his own, even if it meant that Barn would know about the Space . Although it was said that the Gan Family s residence was common, it wasn t small . Just after Zhao Hai walked through the first courtyard, he suddenly heard some footsteps in the distance . Then as the footsteps got louder, several people appeared . These people were wearing mage s robes, it seems like they are the core members of the Gan Family . On their lead was 50 year old Mage . He didn t have a very magnificent robe, and the staff on his hand seems like it was made out of beast bones . His hair was somewhat gray but it was actually very neat . If one were to see Wei Gan and see him as embarrassing, then this person exudes the presence of seriousness . However, instead of seriousness this old Mage had a very excited look on his face . When he saw Zhao Hai, he immediately walked towards Zhao Hai and knelt, Mister, please forgive me for being unable to personally welcome you . I ask mister to excuse my bad manners . I am the Patriarch of the Gan Clan, Tywin Gan . The Mages behind him knelt down as well . This action gave the doorman an extreme fright . When the core members saw Zhao Hai, they didn t just salute, they actually knelt . The doorman was afraid that he had been very disrespectful . Zhao Hai didn t expect these people to go overboard with their greeting . He immediately helped Tywin up as he said, Why would Patriarch Tywin give me such an overboard greeting This Zhao Hai won t dare accept it . Tywin bowed down and said, Mister can surely accept it . If mister can t then nobody could . Our Gan Family is willing to be Mister s slaves, I hope mister can agree . Zhao Hai stared, being a slave was completely different from being vassals . Vassals have their own autonomy, it would be fine as long as they obey their master s orders . However, slaves didn t have the right to autonomy . In the future, they would need to obey Zhao Hai s every word . They would do what Zhao Hai wanted them to do . Zhao Hai couldn t understand, why would they suddenly decide to become his slaves Zhao Hai didn t agree immediately, instead, he calmly said, Patriarch is too polite . I will not accept for now . Can we go in and discuss it first Tywin immediately replied, Of course, we have been disrespectful . Mister, please come in . Then he led Zhao Hai towards through the courtyard and then to a lobby . Then he asked Zhao Hai to sit down while all of them stayed standing . Zhao Hai looked at them and calmly asked, Might I know why your Family wanted to become my Clan s slaves Tywin settled his own emotions down and seriously replied, I ll be totally honest to Mister, after this Demon Race matter gets finished, we won t be able to stay inside Demon City anymore . We had stayed inside Demon City for a long time, but we still haven t made any close friends . Even if we side with the Calci Family, we still can t be assured of our future . Therefore, we decided to side with Mister . You are the continent s strongest Dark Mage, so we want to rely on you for survival . And since we don t have the abilities to be vassals, we are willing to be your slaves . Zhao Hai looked at Tywin, he can somewhat understand the sorrows of this small clan . Therefore, Zhao Hai nodded and said, How many people currently belong to the Gan Family Tywin immediately replied, We have a total of 17 Dark Mages in the family . Seven 4th ranks, three 5th ranks, three 6th ranks, two 7th ranks, and two 8th ranks . There are also 32 other members along with 10 slaves . Zhao Hai nodded, the number was not a lot . He turned his head to Tywin and said, You really want to be my Clan s slaves You can think about it more . Hearing that Zhao Hai seems to be willing, Tywin quickly said, We are willing, very willing . Mister, rest assured, we already discussed this with everyone . Zhao Hai nodded, Alright, I agree . Starting today, you shall call me Young Master . Call all your family members as well as slaves, I shall be sending them to a safe place . The Dark Mages would have to remain, I need you somewhere else . Tywin immediately responded, Yes, Young Master . We will arrange it right away . Then he immediately told the Dark Mages behind him to arrange the things that Zhao Hai had ordered . Then Tywin stayed to listen for further instructions from Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, Most people in the continent only know that I am a Dark Mage, but they didn t know how I became one . Since you have become my slaves, then I shall be open about you about these . After this matter, I shall tell you . In the meantime, I shall be using my Space Divergent Technique in order to send your family members to the Black Wasteland, that place is the true place of my Buda Clan . Then I shall be giving all of you potions, elevating your strengths to 9th rank . I llbe leading you to the Demonic Abyss in order to eliminate all the magic beasts and undead there so that they cannot become part of the Demon army . Even if Zhao Hai hadn t revealed too much, these small secrets were enough to make the Gan Family Dark Mages excited . Zhao Hai telling them things that ordinary people couldn t know meant that Zhao Hai already treated them as his Clan s slaves . Although being a slave to another wasn t the most glorious thing, it still depends on where one was a slave to . Slaves of an Emperor were still powerful people, and Zhao Hai himself was a monarch . There weren t a lot of people in the Gan Family and they didn t have a lot of belongings . In a place like Demon City, one couldn t really get that much belongings . Zhao Hai arrived outside and when he saw the others he nodded, then he said to Tywin, You arrange two people to go guide them . When they arrive at the Black Wasteland, someone will arrange their accomodation . Tell them to not be anxious and just follow instructions . Tywin nodded, then he immediately acted on Zhao Hai s instructions . Before long, everything was arranged . Then Zhao Hai opened a spatial rift and took these people to the Black Wasteland . Just when he had agreed to take the Gan Family as his slaves, Cai er already went to inform Green and the others . There weren t a lot of people this time, so Green shouldn t have any problems in accommodating these people . Green had already arranged residences for tens of thousands of people, this matter should be very easy . However, Green stil needed to take special attention to these people . After all, they had just become the Buda Clan s slaves . Therefore, they should be given the same accommodation as the clan s slaves . They were going to be arranged at Iron Mountain Fort . Before long, the two Gan Family Dark Mages came back . Seeing that the two Dark Mages had arrived, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Tywin and said, Have all of the family s Dark Mages come here . I shall be giving you potions that would make you 9th ranks at the shortest time . They looked at Zhao Hai with surprised expressions, this was because Zhao Hai had told them that he would make them into 9th ranks . Although Zhao Hai had told them about this beforehand, they just thought that they had misheard him . Their strongest members were 8th ranks, and even them didn t know when they ll become 9th ranks . Therefore, what they got from Zhao Hai s previous announcement was that they would just get stronger by a bit, and not become 9th ranks . But it seems like they had not misheard Zhao Hai, he really wanted to make them 9th ranks . Was this possible Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and coldly snorted, Don t doubt me, even my undead are 9th ranks . Otherwise, where would I find the confidence to trash the Dragons Tywin, who was still shocked, immediately recovered and bowed down, Please forgive us, Young Master . We don t dare doubt the Young Master s words . The other Dark Mages also bowed down to Zhao Hai, Please forgive us, Young Master . Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, Alright, don t doubt me from now on . Your Young Master is a God ranked expert, I just didn t decide to ascend to the Divine Realm . I tell you this, the laws of this world can t control me . I want to head towards the Demonic Abyss this time in order to promote my own strength . But since you had sided with me, then I shall increase your strengths . After all, I cannot manage everything in the continent, so I would have you be my representatives . And since you represent my Buda Clan, I can t have you looking so weak lest you lose face for the clan . All of them were stunned, however, they couldn t hide the excitement on their faces . They didn t expect Zhao Hai to be a God ranked expert . No wonder Zhao Hai dared to eliminate the Dragons . All of them were extremely happy, they didn t think that they would actually serve a God ranked expert . There was zero shame in becoming slaves to a God ranked expert, in fact, it might even cause envy on a lot of people .





* * *





Chapter 684 – Gan Clan and Barn

The reason why Zhao Hai dared to say these words to these people was because he has his own plans . He was not afraid that these people would reveal his secrets . He would make them into 9th ranks and then bring them to the Demonic Abyss in order to fight against the magic beasts as well as the undead . He wanted to do it in this way because he wanted to see the reactions that came with these people .

If they were sincere with him, then the advantages that they would gain wouldn’t be small . However, if they were insincere, then Zhao Hai would have no choice but to be impolite .

But Zhao Hai was just being too overly careful this time . Being a slave to the Buda Clan wasn’t a shame . In fact, having a God-ranked expert as well as an Emperor as a master was something that not a lot of people could have .

Zhao Hai withdrew a bottle of water, naturally, this water was Spatial water . This water can help the Gan Family members become 8th ranks . When they arrive at that rank, then they would consume God’s blood in order to become 9th ranks .

Zhao Hai gave the bottle over to Tywin and said, “This is a potion that can elevate your level . However, this is only effective up until you become 8th rank . When all of you become 8th rank, you come back to me . ”

Tywin was shaking while he received the bottle of Spatial Water . For their family, this bottle was extremely precious . There were potions in the continent that would elevate the levels of Mages and Warriors, however, those potions were very expensive!

Even Great Nobles were reluctant to spend that money . In the minds of the Great Nobles, instead of spending a huge amount of money to buy that potion, they might as well spend that in training someone with high talent . It was because of this that potions that can upgrade levels became very rare in the continent .

After handing the potion over, Zhao Hai turned around and returned to the living room . He wanted to see how long these people would take in order to rank up .

One must know that this potion was much better than the one before . Zhao Hai believed that upgrading ranks this





time would be much faster than back then with Laura and the others . At the same time, Zhao Hai also noticed that the low-ranked Dark Mages of the Gan Family weren’t in their current rank because of their lack of talent, but because of their young age instead . In fact, if one were to compare the Gan Family’s talent with the rest of the continent, then they can be deemed to be quite gifted . One must know that aside from the difficulty of reaching 9th rank, being an 8th rank was quite hard as well, there were even some small clans that didn’t have these 8th ranks . But the Gan Family, while being in Demon City, actually managed to produce two 8th ranks . This was sufficient evidence for their lineage .

There was not much control in Demon City, but in the same way, this made them isolated towards the supplies of the continent . If one were to see the Buddha Empire’s capital as a metropolis of magic, then Demon City would be that small village in the outskirts of the Empire, a small village that was regularly attacked by wild beasts .

When he saw Tywin and the others discussing about the potion and then cultivating, Zhao Hai came out of the living room, he wanted to see Barn . At this point, all of the Gan Family’s servants have left . Originally, Tywin wanted to keep some people here but Zhao Hai didn’t agree . This way, he didn’t have to worry about these people and even made it easier for him to walk around . More importantly, there wouldn’t be a lot of people who would come and give him greetings .

Barn was currently sitting outside his horse carriage, patiently waiting for Zhao Hai . Seeing Barn’s attitude, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Barn, come here . ”

Barn was sitting in his carriage while in a daze . He knew that there was only a small chance for this home of his to remain . This was the reason why he was in a daze, he has never left Demon City in his entire life . If he left this place, he wouldn’t know how to live, therefore, he chose to stay behind .

When Barn heard Zhao Hai, he immediately recovered . He looked at Zhao Hai who called him from the Gan Family’s gate . He stared for a moment before he quickly jumped





jumped down from the carriage and went towards Zhao Hai . Then he gave a bow and said, “Mister, do you need me for anything?”

Zhao Hai looked at Barn and said, “Barn, come with me, I have something to tell you . ” Barn nodded, then followed Zhao Hai into the Gan Family’s residence .

After entering the Gan Family’s residence, Barn felt that it was empty . He had visited the Gan Family once or twice before, and he recognized almost all of the people in the Gan Family . However, he wasn’t able to see any of them when he entered this time . It was as if the entire Gan Family had vanished .

But Barn didn’t dare to ask as he followed Zhao Hai into the Gan Family’s living room . Then Zhao Hai sat down as Barn respectfully stood there . Zhao Hai saw Barn’s anxious face and couldn’t help but smile, “Barn, there’s no need to be nervous . I want to ask, are you willing to leave Demon City?”

Barn stared for a moment, he didn’t expect Zhao Hai to ask him about this issue . He couldn’t think of a good answer . He can just refuse and use the same reason that he gave the General, wanting to protect Demon City . However, he would be lying if he said so . At the same time, Barn had the feeling that he had been seen through by Zhao Hai . Therefore, he really can’t say that he wanted to stay in Demon City, willing to fall along with the City’s demise .

Zhao Hai looked at Barn’s expression and smiled faintly, “Can’t think of a good reply? You don’t want to leave Demon City? After all, this is your home right? But as you can see, this place was also the home of the Gan Family, but now all of them had left save for the family’s Dark Mages . All of them had been sent away by me . Barn, if you want to leave, then I can send you to my Buda Clan’s territory, making you live a whole new life there . Also, I forgot to tell you, I am not talking about Golden Island, it is a different place . Are you willing to go?”

Barn stared, he really hadn’t thought this point through, he looked puzzled at Zhao Hai as he asked, “Why would Mister want to help me?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No





said, “No special reason, I can just see a certain person’s shadow on you . Barn, I know what you’re thinking . You have never left Demon City since you were a child, so you don’t know how you’ll live once you go outside . This made you afraid, so you decided to stay in the city . I can arrange for you to live in my Buda Clan’s territory, I can even have someone offer you a job or you can continue driving your carriage . You don’t have to worry about your life changing so much . You will be able to meet new people and also make new friends . So, do you want to go?”

Barn looked at Zhao Hai, then suddenly he made a serious question, “Mister, if I went there, can I continue to drive your carriage?”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at this question, he didn’t think that Barn would ask this, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “If you want to drive my carriage for me, then that’s no problem . However, you have not cultivated yet, this wouldn’t be good . After you go there, then I will make them teach you cultivation . After you have reached a high enough level, then you can drive my carriage . ”

Barn knitted his brows and said, “This, Mister, I hadn’t cultivated before . And I’m not very young anymore . Wouldn’t it be too late for me to start cultivation?”

Zhao Hai actually laughed and said, “There’s never too late Barn . Rest assured, whether you learn magic or battle qi, as long as you are willing to practice, then I can make you into an expert in a short period of time . What now? You want to go?”

As soon as Barn heard Zhao Hai, his two eyes lit up as he answered, “Mister, is that true? Then I’m willing! I want to go!”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright . Barn, to be honest, you are completely unable to provide help here even if you choose to stay behind . I shall be sending you to the Black Wasteland, people will be there to arrange you to your place . Right, do you want to go along with your carriage?”

Barn’s face expressed his excitement as he said, “You can do that mister? That’s fantastic! Thank you very much!”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Starting today, just call me Young Master . Now go and drive your carriage towards the

carriage towards the back door . ” Barn nodded and then ran outside to get his carriage . Zhao Hai told Cai’er about Barn’s situation and then had Green and the others arrange a place for Barn to live in . Before long, Barn arrived then Zhao Hai used the Space to send Barn and his carriage towards the Black Wasteland .

After completing all of these, Zhao Hai looked at the Gan Family’s situation . Majority of them had already reached 8th rank, the other two were on the cusp of breaking through . But, Tywin was very faithful to Zhao Hai’s order, he waited until all of them became 8th ranks before going to see Zhao Hai .

It was already noon when all of the family’s Mages reached 8th rank . After that, they all went to the living room . Zhao Hai looked at the group and nodded . He took out a red vial of liquid and said, “This potion shall boost you from 8th rank to 9th rank . In a while, some people would come and invite me over for a meal in the General’s residence . When I come back, all of you should have already reached 9th rank . After that, we’ll depart towards the Demonic Abyss . ”

All of the Mages nodded, then at this time, a voice was suddenly heard from outside, “Is Mister Zhao Hai in? General Besmir is inviting Mister Zhao Hai over for a meal . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to the Mages and said, “All of you work hard . ” The Gan Family nodded, then Tywin went and escorted Zhao Hai to the gate .

Waiting outside the gate was a team of cavalry . When they saw Zhao Hao come out, their captain immediately gave a bow and said, “The General is inviting Mister Zhao Hai over to dine . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, let’s go . Barn has become my servant and has already left . Later on, you don’t need to arrange a carriage for me, I can walk by myself . ” Then with an intention, Zhao Hai summoned Alien . He sat inside Alien’s body before heading towards the General’s residence .

Seeing Zhao Hai leave, Tywin turned to the others and said, “Did you hear the Young Master? Immediately go and cultivate . If Young Master comes back and someone is still not 9th rank, then I will be giving out punishments . ”

 Chapter 684 Gan Clan and Barn The reason why Zhao Hai dared to say these words to these people was because he has his own plans . He was not afraid that these people would reveal his secrets . He would make them into 9th ranks and then bring them to the Demonic Abyss in order to fight against the magic beasts as well as the undead . He wanted to do it in this way because he wanted to see the reactions that came with these people . If they were sincere with him, then the advantages that they would gain wouldn t be small . However, if they were insincere, then Zhao Hai would have no choice but to be impolite . But Zhao Hai was just being too overly careful this time . Being a slave to the Buda Clan wasn t a shame . In fact, having a God ranked expert as well as an Emperor as a master was something that not a lot of people could have . Zhao Hai withdrew a bottle of water, naturally, this water was Spatial water . This water can help the Gan Family members become 8th ranks . When they arrive at that rank, then they would consume God s blood in order to become 9th ranks . Zhao Hai gave the bottle over to Tywin and said, This is a potion that can elevate your level . However, this is only effective up until you become 8th rank . When all of you become 8th rank, you come back to me . Tywin was shaking while he received the bottle of Spatial Water . For their family, this bottle was extremely precious . There were potions in the continent that would elevate the levels of Mages and Warriors, however, those potions were very expensive Even Great Nobles were reluctant to spend that money . In the minds of the Great Nobles, instead of spending a huge amount of money to buy that potion, they might as well spend that in training someone with high talent . It was because of this that potions that can upgrade levels became very rare in the continent . After handing the potion over, Zhao Hai turned around and returned to the living room . He wanted to see how long these people would take in order to rank up . One must know that this potion was much better than the one before . Zhao Hai believed that upgrading ranks this time would be much faster than back then with Laura and the others . At the same time, Zhao Hai also noticed that the low ranked Dark Mages of the Gan Family weren t in their current rank because of their lack of talent, but because of their young age instead . In fact, if one were to compare the Gan Family s talent with the rest of the continent, then they can be deemed to be quite gifted . One must know that aside from the difficulty of reaching 9th rank, being an 8th rank was quite hard as well, there were even some small clans that didn t have these 8th ranks . But the Gan Family, while being in Demon City, actually managed to produce two 8th ranks . This was sufficient evidence for their lineage . There was not much control in Demon City, but in the same way, this made them isolated towards the supplies of the continent . If one were to see the Buddha Empire s capital as a metropolis of magic, then Demon City would be that small village in the outskirts of the Empire, a small village that was regularly attacked by wild beasts . When he saw Tywin and the others discussing about the potion and then cultivating, Zhao Hai came out of the living room, he wanted to see Barn . At this point, all of the Gan Family s servants have left . Originally, Tywin wanted to keep some people here but Zhao Hai didn t agree . This way, he didn t have to worry about these people and even made it easier for him to walk around . More importantly, there wouldn t be a lot of people who would come and give him greetings . Barn was currently sitting outside his horse carriage, patiently waiting for Zhao Hai . Seeing Barn s attitude, Zhao Hai smiled and said, Barn, come here . Barn was sitting in his carriage while in a daze . He knew that there was only a small chance for this home of his to remain . This was the reason why he was in a daze, he has never left Demon City in his entire life . If he left this place, he wouldn t know how to live, therefore, he chose to stay behind . When Barn heard Zhao Hai, he immediately recovered . He looked at Zhao Hai who called him from the Gan Family s gate . He stared for a moment before he quickly jumped down from the carriage and went towards Zhao Hai . Then he gave a bow and said, Mister, do you need me for anything Zhao Hai looked at Barn and said, Barn, come with me, I have something to tell you . Barn nodded, then followed Zhao Hai into the Gan Family s residence . After entering the Gan Family s residence, Barn felt that it was empty . He had visited the Gan Family once or twice before, and he recognized almost all of the people in the Gan Family . However, he wasn t able to see any of them when he entered this time . It was as if the entire Gan Family had vanished . But Barn didn t dare to ask as he followed Zhao Hai into the Gan Family s living room . Then Zhao Hai sat down as Barn respectfully stood there . Zhao Hai saw Barn s anxious face and couldn t help but smile, Barn, there s no need to be nervous . I want to ask, are you willing to leave Demon City Barn stared for a moment, he didn t expect Zhao Hai to ask him about this issue . He couldn t think of a good answer . He can just refuse and use the same reason that he gave the General, wanting to protect Demon City . However, he would be lying if he said so . At the same time, Barn had the feeling that he had been seen through by Zhao Hai . Therefore, he really can t say that he wanted to stay in Demon City, willing to fall along with the City s demise . Zhao Hai looked at Barn s expression and smiled faintly, Can t think of a good reply You don t want to leave Demon City After all, this is your home right But as you can see, this place was also the home of the Gan Family, but now all of them had left save for the family s Dark Mages . All of them had been sent away by me . Barn, if you want to leave, then I can send you to my Buda Clan s territory, making you live a whole new life there . Also, I forgot to tell you, I am not talking about Golden Island, it is a different place . Are you willing to go Barn stared, he really hadn t thought this point through, he looked puzzled at Zhao Hai as he asked, Why would Mister want to help me Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, No special reason, I can just see a certain person s shadow on you . Barn, I know what you re thinking . You have never left Demon City since you were a child, so you don t know how you ll live once you go outside . This made you afraid, so you decided to stay in the city . I can arrange for you to live in my Buda Clan s territory, I can even have someone offer you a job or you can continue driving your carriage . You don t have to worry about your life changing so much . You will be able to meet new people and also make new friends . So, do you want to go Barn looked at Zhao Hai, then suddenly he made a serious question, Mister, if I went there, can I continue to drive your carriage Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare at this question, he didn t think that Barn would ask this, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, If you want to drive my carriage for me, then that s no problem . However, you have not cultivated yet, this wouldn t be good . After you go there, then I will make them teach you cultivation . After you have reached a high enough level, then you can drive my carriage . Barn knitted his brows and said, This, Mister, I hadn t cultivated before . And I m not very young anymore . Wouldn t it be too late for me to start cultivation Zhao Hai actually laughed and said, There s never too late Barn . Rest assured, whether you learn magic or battle qi, as long as you are willing to practice, then I can make you into an expert in a short period of time . What now You want to go As soon as Barn heard Zhao Hai, his two eyes lit up as he answered, Mister, is that true Then I m willing I want to go Zhao Hai laughed and said, Alright . Barn, to be honest, you are completely unable to provide help here even if you choose to stay behind . I shall be sending you to the Black Wasteland, people will be there to arrange you to your place . Right, do you want to go along with your carriage Barn s face expressed his excitement as he said, You can do that mister That s fantastic Thank you very much Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Starting today, just call me Young Master . Now go and drive your carriage towards the back door . Barn nodded and then ran outside to get his carriage . Zhao Hai told Cai er about Barn s situation and then had Green and the others arrange a place for Barn to live in . Before long, Barn arrived then Zhao Hai used the Space to send Barn and his carriage towards the Black Wasteland . After completing all of these, Zhao Hai looked at the Gan Family s situation . Majority of them had already reached 8th rank, the other two were on the cusp of breaking through . But, Tywin was very faithful to Zhao Hai s order, he waited until all of them became 8th ranks before going to see Zhao Hai . It was already noon when all of the family s Mages reached 8th rank . After that, they all went to the living room . Zhao Hai looked at the group and nodded . He took out a red vial of liquid and said, This potion shall boost you from 8th rank to 9th rank . In a while, some people would come and invite me over for a meal in the General s residence . When I come back, all of you should have already reached 9th rank . After that, we ll depart towards the Demonic Abyss . All of the Mages nodded, then at this time, a voice was suddenly heard from outside, Is Mister Zhao Hai in General Besmir is inviting Mister Zhao Hai over for a meal . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to the Mages and said, All of you work hard . The Gan Family nodded, then Tywin went and escorted Zhao Hai to the gate . Waiting outside the gate was a team of cavalry . When they saw Zhao Hao come out, their captain immediately gave a bow and said, The General is inviting Mister Zhao Hai over to dine . Zhao Hai nodded, Alright, let s go . Barn has become my servant and has already left . Later on, you don t need to arrange a carriage for me, I can walk by myself . Then with an intention, Zhao Hai summoned Alien . He sat inside Alien s body before heading towards the General s residence . Seeing Zhao Hai leave, Tywin turned to the others and said, Did you hear the Young Master Immediately go and cultivate . If Young Master comes back and someone is still not 9th rank, then I will be giving out punishments .





* * *





Chapter 685 – Historical Novel like the Three Kingdoms?

Zhao Hai calmly stood on the Bone Dragon, behind him were the people from the Gan Family . At this moment, these people were already 9th rank . They were currently feeling like they were in a dream, they couldn’t believe that they had become 9th ranks, it was completely unbelievable .

9th rank experts were considered to be the peak powers of the continent . And all of the Dark Mages in the Gan family were now 9th ranks, this gave them extreme excitement .

However, they didn’t dare to be complacent . They understood that this was given by Zhao Hai . If they dared to betray him, then Zhao Hai would definitely clean them up .

The didn’t believe that they were the only 9th rank subordinates of Zhao Hai . If Zhao Hai can make them into 9th ranks, then he could definitely make other people 9th ranks as well . If Zhao Hai had a lot of 9th rank subordinates and then the Gan Family decides to rebel, then aren’t they just courting death?

But most importantly, when they became 9th rank, they still weren’t able to fathom Zhao Hai’s level . This made Tywin and the others believe Zhao Hai’s previous words, that Zhao Hai was a God-ranked expert . A 9th rank and a God-ranked expert were just too different . Their disparity was leagues greater than the difference between an 8th rank and a 9th rank . Therefore, the Gan Family was very loyal and devoted to Zhao Hai . They were afraid that if Zhao Hai wanted them to die, then they wouldn’t even have the time to blink before they perish .

Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to think about these right now . He was thinking about the Radiant Church’s reaction upon hearing about the Demon Race’s arrival .

The news about the Demon Race had spread quickly throughout the continent . This was also in line with Zhao Hai’s plan . He wanted the church to give this news to the Divine Race, prompting them to make their move ahead of time .

The people from the Radiant Church weren’t aware that Zhao Hai had so many 9th ranks in his hand . So after they received the news about the Demon Race, they would surely inform the





Divine Race . After all, the Divine Race wouldn’t want the Demon Race to conquer the continent first .

Compared to the native population of the Ark Continent, the Divine Race should be more afraid of the Demon Realm . This was because the strength that was displayed by the Demons was no worse than the Divine Race .

It was impossible for the Divine Race to allow the Demons to eliminate the people in the Ark Continent, then just swoop in to claim the prize . In fact, Zhao Hai reckoned that the Divine Race was not interested about the Ark Continent itself, but its people instead . If the entire population of the Ark Continent were to get extinguished, then the Divine Race wouldn’t be able to gain anything .

Most importantly, the Demon Race’s launching point was in the Demonic Abyss, a place not too far from the Radiant Empire . In this case, the Demons would surely target the Radiant Church first . And since the Radiant Church alone couldn’t stop the Demon army, they would definitely call upon the Divine Race . After all, there weren’t any other people in the continent who would come into their rescue . Instead, the continent might even find joy in this encounter, these were the two invaders, they might as well fight each other .

In the case of the Demons, their spatial rift needed the Blood Void formation in order to activate . On the other hand, there doesn’t seem to be some magic that was being done by the Divine Race . this made Zhao Hai believe that the Divine Race really had the capability to take action . Perhaps they might even appear in the continent quite soon .

This was what Zhao Hai desired . If the Divine Race failed to arrive, then the Ark Continent would then face an enemy one after the other . On the contrary, if the Divine Race were to come, the situation would now turn into a three-way battle with the locals of the Ark Continent, the Demons, and the Divine Race, like in the Tale of Three Kingdoms . Between the Divine Race and the Demons, one of them wanted to get the Ark Continent for themselves, while the other wanted to enslave the natives . Although it seems like there was an avenue for zero conflict,





conflict, the Divine Race wouldn’t just allow the people of the Ark Continent to enter the Divine Realm . In the eyes of the Divine Race, the Ark Continent was inhabited by savages, people who didn’t belong to the Divine Realm . What the Divine Race wanted to do was to keep the natives in the Ark Continent, making it like a pen . The sheep were the natives and the herders were the Divine Race . When the time comes that a sheep gets fat, the Divine Race would then come over and take it for themselves .

On the other hand, the Demon Race wanted to massacre the entire native population . This was something that the Divine Race wouldn’t agree to . They don’t really care about the pen, but if the sheep were to be touched, then they certainly would fight back . This was where the two came to contradict each other .

As long as they have this contradiction, then it would be impossible for them to cooperate and in the process, making the pressure on Zhao Hai much smaller .

And the most important thing was that the place where the Demons would arrive was not far from Radiant Empire . Behind the Demonic Abyss would be the Buddha Empire, the Lyon Empire, the Rosen Empire, the Aksu Empire, and then the Beastmen . With all of these in line, the continent would have a strategic depth in their defense . On the contrary, the Radiant Empire would be left isolated, without any backers supporting them . If the Demons were thinking right, then they would definitely target the Radiant Empire first, getting themselves in conflict with the Divine Race . This was the scenario that Zhao Hai wishes to happen the most .

Because of this, Zhao Hai started paying attention towards the Radiant Empire . But unfortunately, he can’t use the Blood Ghost Staff to conduct reconnaissance on the Empire . This was due to a strange situation happening in the Radiant Empire . When the Blood Ghost Staff went there, it seems like its range of vision had become very small . And it also seems like the Empire’s 9th ranks had been tasked to patrol the area . This made Zhao Hai unable to have his Staff wander off too closely . Otherwise, if those 9th ranks





9th ranks find out, then he would have to find more innovative ways to scout the enemy out .

However, this wasn’t a bad thing for Zhao Hai . This performance from the Radiant Church meant that the Divine Race has started to move quickly . As long as the Divine Race takes action, then it would be good for Zhao Hai’s side .

Zhao Hai’s current strength was very strong . It can be said that compared to the war tens of thousands of years ago, Zhao Hai’s capabilities had already surpassed the other powers . But one shouldn’t forget that the Demons had managed to prepare for ten thousand years aw well . Additionally, they were also very well suited for battle, every one of them were formidable fighters . This was something that gave Zhao Hai some worries, therefore, he wanted everything to be prepared as much as possible .

To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t believe that the Buddha Empire would be able to defend against the Demons . Because of this, a plan for evacuation was already gone underway . The Buddha Empire would be turned to be a strategic defense position . Their generals would block the Demons as much as possible .

Naturally, this was in the premise that the Divine Race didn’t come . If the Divine Race arrives, then they would get into a skirmish with the Demons . When that happens, then the lives of Zhao Hai and the others would become better .

Zhao Hai was also quite worried that the Divine Race wouldn’t act . Although the Blood Ghost Staff wasn’t able to see the situation inside the Radiant Church, Zhao Hai knew that a plan of action was already underway by the Divine Race . But as to what plan this was, Zhao Hai had no clue . This matter being out of his vision was not very good, Zhao Hai didn’t like this feeling .

At this time, the Bone Dragon had already penetrated inside the abyss . Every single magic beast and undead that Zhao Hai came across weren’t spared . Those he can kill were killed, while the undead were absorbed into the Space, turning them into Zhao Hai’s soldiers .

However, Zhao Hai also discovered that the magic beasts and undead present here were relatively low-level . One must know that Zhao Hai

that Zhao Hai and his team were already quite deep into the abyss . Where were the formidable creatures? Did they go back to the Demon Realm?

The Gan Family were behind Zhao Hai during the entire ordeal, and they had witnessed how powerful Zhao Hai was . While they were descending, Zhao Hai had released a batch of undead, sweeping everything in the way . Whether they be darkness beasts or undead, all of them were eliminated in a short period of time .

The Gan Family Mafes were also Dark Mages, moreover, they were very familiar with the Demonic Abyss and had used undead summoning to subdue the undead here . However, compared to Zhao Hai’s undead, their own undead had fallen extremely short . They now understood why Zhao Hai didn’t trust their combat efficiency, they were just too weak . If they didn’t rank up, then not to say Zhao Hai, even Zhao Hai’s undead would stump them then and there .

Soon, the group went deeper into the Demonic Abyss . This was a place where no person had explored before, this made the group even more careful in their advance .

Zhao Hai stood on top of the Bone Dragon as it went forward in a moderate pace . At the same time, the undead on the ground had kept on cleaning up the Demonic Abyss, missing absolutely nothing .

Then suddenly, Zhao Hai had noticed something interesting . He made the Bone Dragon slowly go down as they stopped a few meters above the ground .

Tywin and the others followed Zhao Hai’s gaze, they wanted to see what managed to attract Zhao Hai’s attention .

Looking down, Tywin and the others couldn’t help but get absorbed by the view . Under them was a sea of flowers . Flowers of various colors were everywhere, it looked very beautiful .

The Gan Family Dark Mages were very surprised to see this flower garden . They didn’t think that the Demonic Abyss would have such a place . Was beauty something that belonged to the abyss? Compared to an Emperor’s garden, this sea of flowers was just more attractive . This fact was quite inconceivable .

At this time, Zhao Hai’s undead had also arrived by the flower garden . However, they didn’t advance, they just stared into this sea of flowers .

 Chapter 685 Historical Novel like the Three Kingdoms Zhao Hai calmly stood on the Bone Dragon, behind him were the people from the Gan Family . At this moment, these people were already 9th rank . They were currently feeling like they were in a dream, they couldn t believe that they had become 9th ranks, it was completely unbelievable . 9th rank experts were considered to be the peak powers of the continent . And all of the Dark Mages in the Gan family were now 9th ranks, this gave them extreme excitement . However, they didn t dare to be complacent . They understood that this was given by Zhao Hai . If they dared to betray him, then Zhao Hai would definitely clean them up . The didn t believe that they were the only 9th rank subordinates of Zhao Hai . If Zhao Hai can make them into 9th ranks, then he could definitely make other people 9th ranks as well . If Zhao Hai had a lot of 9th rank subordinates and then the Gan Family decides to rebel, then aren t they just courting death But most importantly, when they became 9th rank, they still weren t able to fathom Zhao Hai s level . This made Tywin and the others believe Zhao Hai s previous words, that Zhao Hai was a God ranked expert . A 9th rank and a God ranked expert were just too different . Their disparity was leagues greater than the difference between an 8th rank and a 9th rank . Therefore, the Gan Family was very loyal and devoted to Zhao Hai . They were afraid that if Zhao Hai wanted them to die, then they wouldn t even have the time to blink before they perish . Zhao Hai didn t have the mood to think about these right now . He was thinking about the Radiant Church s reaction upon hearing about the Demon Race s arrival . The news about the Demon Race had spread quickly throughout the continent . This was also in line with Zhao Hai s plan . He wanted the church to give this news to the Divine Race, prompting them to make their move ahead of time . The people from the Radiant Church weren t aware that Zhao Hai had so many 9th ranks in his hand . So after they received the news about the Demon Race, they would surely inform the Divine Race . After all, the Divine Race wouldn t want the Demon Race to conquer the continent first . Compared to the native population of the Ark Continent, the Divine Race should be more afraid of the Demon Realm . This was because the strength that was displayed by the Demons was no worse than the Divine Race . It was impossible for the Divine Race to allow the Demons to eliminate the people in the Ark Continent, then just swoop in to claim the prize . In fact, Zhao Hai reckoned that the Divine Race was not interested about the Ark Continent itself, but its people instead . If the entire population of the Ark Continent were to get extinguished, then the Divine Race wouldn t be able to gain anything . Most importantly, the Demon Race s launching point was in the Demonic Abyss, a place not too far from the Radiant Empire . In this case, the Demons would surely target the Radiant Church first . And since the Radiant Church alone couldn t stop the Demon army, they would definitely call upon the Divine Race . After all, there weren t any other people in the continent who would come into their rescue . Instead, the continent might even find joy in this encounter, these were the two invaders, they might as well fight each other . In the case of the Demons, their spatial rift needed the Blood Void formation in order to activate . On the other hand, there doesn t seem to be some magic that was being done by the Divine Race . this made Zhao Hai believe that the Divine Race really had the capability to take action . Perhaps they might even appear in the continent quite soon . This was what Zhao Hai desired . If the Divine Race failed to arrive, then the Ark Continent would then face an enemy one after the other . On the contrary, if the Divine Race were to come, the situation would now turn into a three way battle with the locals of the Ark Continent, the Demons, and the Divine Race, like in the Tale of Three Kingdoms . Between the Divine Race and the Demons, one of them wanted to get the Ark Continent for themselves, while the other wanted to enslave the natives . Although it seems like there was an avenue for zero conflict, the Divine Race wouldn t just allow the people of the Ark Continent to enter the Divine Realm . In the eyes of the Divine Race, the Ark Continent was inhabited by savages, people who didn t belong to the Divine Realm . What the Divine Race wanted to do was to keep the natives in the Ark Continent, making it like a pen . The sheep were the natives and the herders were the Divine Race . When the time comes that a sheep gets fat, the Divine Race would then come over and take it for themselves . On the other hand, the Demon Race wanted to massacre the entire native population . This was something that the Divine Race wouldn t agree to . They don t really care about the pen, but if the sheep were to be touched, then they certainly would fight back . This was where the two came to contradict each other . As long as they have this contradiction, then it would be impossible for them to cooperate and in the process, making the pressure on Zhao Hai much smaller . And the most important thing was that the place where the Demons would arrive was not far from Radiant Empire . Behind the Demonic Abyss would be the Buddha Empire, the Lyon Empire, the Rosen Empire, the Aksu Empire, and then the Beastmen . With all of these in line, the continent would have a strategic depth in their defense . On the contrary, the Radiant Empire would be left isolated, without any backers supporting them . If the Demons were thinking right, then they would definitely target the Radiant Empire first, getting themselves in conflict with the Divine Race . This was the scenario that Zhao Hai wishes to happen the most . Because of this, Zhao Hai started paying attention towards the Radiant Empire . But unfortunately, he can t use the Blood Ghost Staff to conduct reconnaissance on the Empire . This was due to a strange situation happening in the Radiant Empire . When the Blood Ghost Staff went there, it seems like its range of vision had become very small . And it also seems like the Empire s 9th ranks had been tasked to patrol the area . This made Zhao Hai unable to have his Staff wander off too closely . Otherwise, if those 9th ranks find out, then he would have to find more innovative ways to scout the enemy out . However, this wasn t a bad thing for Zhao Hai . This performance from the Radiant Church meant that the Divine Race has started to move quickly . As long as the Divine Race takes action, then it would be good for Zhao Hai s side . Zhao Hai s current strength was very strong . It can be said that compared to the war tens of thousands of years ago, Zhao Hai s capabilities had already surpassed the other powers . But one shouldn t forget that the Demons had managed to prepare for ten thousand years aw well . Additionally, they were also very well suited for battle, every one of them were formidable fighters . This was something that gave Zhao Hai some worries, therefore, he wanted everything to be prepared as much as possible . To be honest, Zhao Hai didn t believe that the Buddha Empire would be able to defend against the Demons . Because of this, a plan for evacuation was already gone underway . The Buddha Empire would be turned to be a strategic defense position . Their generals would block the Demons as much as possible . Naturally, this was in the premise that the Divine Race didn t come . If the Divine Race arrives, then they would get into a skirmish with the Demons . When that happens, then the lives of Zhao Hai and the others would become better . Zhao Hai was also quite worried that the Divine Race wouldn t act . Although the Blood Ghost Staff wasn t able to see the situation inside the Radiant Church, Zhao Hai knew that a plan of action was already underway by the Divine Race . But as to what plan this was, Zhao Hai had no clue . This matter being out of his vision was not very good, Zhao Hai didn t like this feeling . At this time, the Bone Dragon had already penetrated inside the abyss . Every single magic beast and undead that Zhao Hai came across weren t spared . Those he can kill were killed, while the undead were absorbed into the Space, turning them into Zhao Hai s soldiers . However, Zhao Hai also discovered that the magic beasts and undead present here were relatively low level . One must know that Zhao Hai and his team were already quite deep into the abyss . Where were the formidable creatures Did they go back to the Demon Realm The Gan Family were behind Zhao Hai during the entire ordeal, and they had witnessed how powerful Zhao Hai was . While they were descending, Zhao Hai had released a batch of undead, sweeping everything in the way . Whether they be darkness beasts or undead, all of them were eliminated in a short period of time . The Gan Family Mafes were also Dark Mages, moreover, they were very familiar with the Demonic Abyss and had used undead summoning to subdue the undead here . However, compared to Zhao Hai s undead, their own undead had fallen extremely short . They now understood why Zhao Hai didn t trust their combat efficiency, they were just too weak . If they didn t rank up, then not to say Zhao Hai, even Zhao Hai s undead would stump them then and there . Soon, the group went deeper into the Demonic Abyss . This was a place where no person had explored before, this made the group even more careful in their advance . Zhao Hai stood on top of the Bone Dragon as it went forward in a moderate pace . At the same time, the undead on the ground had kept on cleaning up the Demonic Abyss, missing absolutely nothing . Then suddenly, Zhao Hai had noticed something interesting . He made the Bone Dragon slowly go down as they stopped a few meters above the ground . Tywin and the others followed Zhao Hai s gaze, they wanted to see what managed to attract Zhao Hai s attention . Looking down, Tywin and the others couldn t help but get absorbed by the view . Under them was a sea of flowers . Flowers of various colors were everywhere, it looked very beautiful . The Gan Family Dark Mages were very surprised to see this flower garden . They didn t think that the Demonic Abyss would have such a place . Was beauty something that belonged to the abyss Compared to an Emperor s garden, this sea of flowers was just more attractive . This fact was quite inconceivable . At this time, Zhao Hai s undead had also arrived by the flower garden . However, they didn t advance, they just stared into this sea of flowers .





* * *





Chapter 686 – Man Eating Flower, Flower Devil Race

The reason why Zhao Hai stopped to see these flowers was because Cai’er just recognized what these were . The flowers weren’t flowers from the Ark Continent, instead it was one that was found in the Demon Realm .

This flower was a demon plant, simply because it was from the Demon Realm . It was a flower that gave Demons a headache . In fact these flowers were controlled by a Demon itself, it was called Man-eating Flower .

Just from the name alone, on could see what kind of flower it was . The attacking power of a single flower can reach the strength of 4th to 5th rank . If it was a large one, then maybe even 8th ranks would have to turn around and leave it be .

Cai’er had been low-key during her stay inside the Demon Realm . She didn’t attack Demons, on the contrary, her leaves can even become a food source for the Demons and the demonic beasts . Therefore, her reputation in the Demon realm was quite high . After Demons die, they would even bury their bodies under Cai’er’s vines, providing her with extra nutrients .

On the other hand, this Man-eating flower was different, since their attacking strength was formidable, they didn’t need Cai’er’s methods in order to survive . On each petal on these flowers were sawtooth like teeth . As long as a person or beast comes walking in, they would act like wild beasts and snatch them using its petals, like how a predator snatches their prey . Then the flower would chew the body into dust . Because of its sawtooth teeth, they can even grind a magic beast’s bone down to nothingness .

Although the flowers don’t look too tall, their vines were in fact very long . Moreover, these flowers were said to be perennial . They can also grow up to a meter wide . Their flowers were usually curled up and when the flower attacks, the vine would suddenly shoot out as the flower went in to take a bite .

If you think that the flower only had this as a means of attack, then you are wrong . It still had other offensive ways . They also had their vines that were so tough that normal swords





wouldn’t be able to cut through it . Not only were these vines thorny, they were poisonous as well . Once one gets cut through the skin, then they would immediately get paralyzed in no time . This paralyzing effect was very strong that even most 7th rank magic beasts weren’t able to resist it .

And if you were able to cut those vines off, you still shouldn’t consider them as finished . This man-eating flower was very abundant in sap, and this sap was very corrosive . This corrosive effect can melt through your flesh and bones . It was so corrosive that once you ingest it, then it wouldn’t take too long before your entire body turns into a heaping pile of mush .

This mush would then become very helpful to the man-eating flower, becoming its fertilizer . Most importantly, the reproductive ability of this flower was very strong . Although the flower vine doesn’t grow fast, as long as it doesn’t get uprooted, then a flower would eventually bloom on top of it .

For these reasons, these flowers had become a difficult existence in the Demon Realm . Only the Flower Devil Race of the Demon realm can control these flowers . Naturally, it wasn’t just the flowers that they can control, at the same time, it can also cultivate them and spread them out . From the appearance of the flowers in the Demonic Abyss, it seems like they were cultivated by a Flower Devil .

Zhao Hai looked at the sea of man-eating flowers . He now knew why many adventurers fell inside the abyss . If one couldn’t recognize these flowers, then it would be very easy to be the flowers’ prey .

Tywin looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Young Master, are there any issues with these flowers?”

Zhao Hai turned his head to Tywin, then he smiled faintly and said, “You will know when you see it . ” Then he turned his hand and took out a magic beast corpse that he got from Accra Mountain, and then he threw it towards the sea of flowers .

When the magic beast was thrown down, the flowers immediately turned into something that can only be compared to sharks that had smelt the scent of blood . All the flowers immediately snapped towards the corpse, wrapping it inside them . Before





Before long, the flowers withdrew, leaving nothing behind . Even the bones of the magic beast weren’t spared .

Tywin and the others looked at this in sock . They didn’t expect these flowers to have so much attacking power .

Zhao Hai looked all around before moving his hand, taking a man-eating flower directly into the Space . As soon as the flower entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Carnivorous plant detected . This flower has a spiritual imprint of another . Removing spiritual imprint . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, it seems like this flower was indeed raised by someone from the Flower Devil Race . Zhao Hai looked at the sea of flowers, since all of these were cultivated here, then the Flower Devil shouldn’t be too far . Zhao Hai wanted to find it .

However, Zhao Hai was also aware that this was not easy to do . The Flower Devils belong to a very special race in the Demon Realm . Their race can be said to be Plant Sprites like Cai’er, but they weren’t fully Plant Sprites, they were also part beast, it was very unusual .

They can turn into a person, able to walk in all directions while also able to become flowers, taking the place of a bud . Moreover, their lifespans were quite long, most of them can easily live for about a thousand years . And when they die, they would form into a seed, known as a Flower Devil seed . It didn’t matter if they were people or magic beasts, as long as this seed gets mistakenly eaten, then the seed would slowly germinate inside the body of its host . And when it finally digested the host’s body, a new Flower Devil would be born .

There weren’t a lot of Flower Devils in the Demon Realm . Moreover, they also needed to be adults in order to control flowers with strong attacking capability like the man-eating flowers . Usually, they would just control ordinary flowers .

Although adult Flower Devils were strong, they were very weak in their childhood . Flower Devils can breed as well . Their breeding method was very special, two Flower Devils would meet and then they would become flowers . After that, through pollination, another Flower Devil would be born between the two of them .

Zhao Hai





Zhao Hai looked all around but he still couldn’t see even a shadow of a Flower Devil . It seems like it had turned into its flower form . Zhao Hai didn’t become polite, he wanted to snuff this Flower Devil out .

Zhao Hai absorbed a huge chunk of man-eating flowers into his Space . Then no prompt came from the Space, so Zhao Hai took another chunk into the Space .

Finally, when Zhao Hai took his fifth chunk of man-eating flower into the Space, a movement can be seen in the distance . A flower suddenly changed and slowly stood up . Zhao Hai knew that this was what he was waiting for .

Zhao Hai sized this Flower Devil that was in the process of standing up . Its stature was tall and big, it was unexpectedly four meters high . It was wearing a long robe that was composed of flower petals . It was brilliant purple and looked very fancy . The Flower Devil’s face was red, and it had a hair that looked like a fresh flower that was in full bloom . This person had its eyes closed, probably not quite sober yet .

Zhao Hai stood there, quietly observing the Flower Devil . After a while, the Flower Demon opened its eyes . The eyes weren’t divided into sclera and pupil, instead, it was pitch black, looking just like two reflective gemstones . Due to it being fully black, it actually gave out a very evil feeling .

The Flower Devil looked into the distance and into Zhao Hai and his Bone Dragon . Then it opened its mouth and said, “How dare you take by children?! Hand them over now, or else, die!” The Flower Devil’s opened mouth made Tywin and the others shocked . The Flower Devil actually had sharp jagged teeth, it looked extremely horrible .

Zhao Hai looked at the Flower Devil and asked, “Are you a Flower Devil? What is your name?”

The Flower Devil couldn’t help but stare, its black eyes seemed to shine for a moment before it asked, “Are you from the Ark Continent? How come you are aware of our Flower Devil race?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You don’t need to know that . Now, tell me your name, or else I won’t spare you . ”

The Flower Devil laughed out loud and

out loud and replied, “Empty boasts . Just because you are a 9th rank expert, you think you can deal with me? You are too naive . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Flower Devil and smiled, “Of course I can deal with you . You’re quite an easy target . ”

The Flower Devil looked at Zhao Hai, then it coldly said, “A Human Expert, finding out about the Demon invasion, so he decided to stop it . Then I have something to tell you . You’re already too late . The Demon army will come soon, and there’s no other way for you to stop it . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Flower Devil and smiled, “I’m not here to stop it . There’s no stopping the Blood Void formation . The Demons back then told me about it, I’m only here to clean the place up . ”

As soon as the Flower Devil heard Zhao Hai, his eyes suddenly flashed, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You actually knew this much? Who are you? Why would you know about the matters of the Demon Realm . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It doesn’t matter as to who I am . You only need to know that when the Demon Race comes, I would be the first one to stand up and defend the continent . ”

The Flower Devil’s eyes showed a cold expression, then he gave a long hiss, seemingly giving a command to the flowers on the ground . The flowers all stretched up like snakes getting ready to pounce .

The Flower Devil looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You meeting me today can only be blamed on your bad luck . You shall die today . Flower Armor!” Then just as his voice fell, the man-eating flowers immediately flew towards him . Before long, his body was covered with an armor completely made out of man-eating flowers .

With this, the Flower Demon’s stature had become even bigger, reaching a height of about ten meters . But what made Zhao Hai shocked the most was that this armor actually performed just like the Flower Devil’s own body . There weren’t any awkward movements that can be seen, it moved fluidly just like how a normal being moves . It seems like the man-eating flowers had become part of the Flower Demon’s body .

 Chapter 686 Man Eating Flower, Flower Devil Race The reason why Zhao Hai stopped to see these flowers was because Cai er just recognized what these were . The flowers weren t flowers from the Ark Continent, instead it was one that was found in the Demon Realm . This flower was a demon plant, simply because it was from the Demon Realm . It was a flower that gave Demons a headache . In fact these flowers were controlled by a Demon itself, it was called Man eating Flower . Just from the name alone, on could see what kind of flower it was . The attacking power of a single flower can reach the strength of 4th to 5th rank . If it was a large one, then maybe even 8th ranks would have to turn around and leave it be . Cai er had been low key during her stay inside the Demon Realm . She didn t attack Demons, on the contrary, her leaves can even become a food source for the Demons and the demonic beasts . Therefore, her reputation in the Demon realm was quite high . After Demons die, they would even bury their bodies under Cai er s vines, providing her with extra nutrients . On the other hand, this Man eating flower was different, since their attacking strength was formidable, they didn t need Cai er s methods in order to survive . On each petal on these flowers were sawtooth like teeth . As long as a person or beast comes walking in, they would act like wild beasts and snatch them using its petals, like how a predator snatches their prey . Then the flower would chew the body into dust . Because of its sawtooth teeth, they can even grind a magic beast s bone down to nothingness . Although the flowers don t look too tall, their vines were in fact very long . Moreover, these flowers were said to be perennial . They can also grow up to a meter wide . Their flowers were usually curled up and when the flower attacks, the vine would suddenly shoot out as the flower went in to take a bite . If you think that the flower only had this as a means of attack, then you are wrong . It still had other offensive ways . They also had their vines that were so tough that normal swords wouldn t be able to cut through it . Not only were these vines thorny, they were poisonous as well . Once one gets cut through the skin, then they would immediately get paralyzed in no time . This paralyzing effect was very strong that even most 7th rank magic beasts weren t able to resist it . And if you were able to cut those vines off, you still shouldn t consider them as finished . This man eating flower was very abundant in sap, and this sap was very corrosive . This corrosive effect can melt through your flesh and bones . It was so corrosive that once you ingest it, then it wouldn t take too long before your entire body turns into a heaping pile of mush . This mush would then become very helpful to the man eating flower, becoming its fertilizer . Most importantly, the reproductive ability of this flower was very strong . Although the flower vine doesn t grow fast, as long as it doesn t get uprooted, then a flower would eventually bloom on top of it . For these reasons, these flowers had become a difficult existence in the Demon Realm . Only the Flower Devil Race of the Demon realm can control these flowers . Naturally, it wasn t just the flowers that they can control, at the same time, it can also cultivate them and spread them out . From the appearance of the flowers in the Demonic Abyss, it seems like they were cultivated by a Flower Devil . Zhao Hai looked at the sea of man eating flowers . He now knew why many adventurers fell inside the abyss . If one couldn t recognize these flowers, then it would be very easy to be the flowers prey . Tywin looked at Zhao Hai and asked, Young Master, are there any issues with these flowers Zhao Hai turned his head to Tywin, then he smiled faintly and said, You will know when you see it . Then he turned his hand and took out a magic beast corpse that he got from Accra Mountain, and then he threw it towards the sea of flowers . When the magic beast was thrown down, the flowers immediately turned into something that can only be compared to sharks that had smelt the scent of blood . All the flowers immediately snapped towards the corpse, wrapping it inside them . Before long, the flowers withdrew, leaving nothing behind . Even the bones of the magic beast weren t spared . Tywin and the others looked at this in sock . They didn t expect these flowers to have so much attacking power . Zhao Hai looked all around before moving his hand, taking a man eating flower directly into the Space . As soon as the flower entered the Space, a prompt was heard, Carnivorous plant detected . This flower has a spiritual imprint of another . Removing spiritual imprint . Zhao Hai nodded, it seems like this flower was indeed raised by someone from the Flower Devil Race . Zhao Hai looked at the sea of flowers, since all of these were cultivated here, then the Flower Devil shouldn t be too far . Zhao Hai wanted to find it . However, Zhao Hai was also aware that this was not easy to do . The Flower Devils belong to a very special race in the Demon Realm . Their race can be said to be Plant Sprites like Cai er, but they weren t fully Plant Sprites, they were also part beast, it was very unusual . They can turn into a person, able to walk in all directions while also able to become flowers, taking the place of a bud . Moreover, their lifespans were quite long, most of them can easily live for about a thousand years . And when they die, they would form into a seed, known as a Flower Devil seed . It didn t matter if they were people or magic beasts, as long as this seed gets mistakenly eaten, then the seed would slowly germinate inside the body of its host . And when it finally digested the host s body, a new Flower Devil would be born . There weren t a lot of Flower Devils in the Demon Realm . Moreover, they also needed to be adults in order to control flowers with strong attacking capability like the man eating flowers . Usually, they would just control ordinary flowers . Although adult Flower Devils were strong, they were very weak in their childhood . Flower Devils can breed as well . Their breeding method was very special, two Flower Devils would meet and then they would become flowers . After that, through pollination, another Flower Devil would be born between the two of them . Zhao Hai looked all around but he still couldn t see even a shadow of a Flower Devil . It seems like it had turned into its flower form . Zhao Hai didn t become polite, he wanted to snuff this Flower Devil out . Zhao Hai absorbed a huge chunk of man eating flowers into his Space . Then no prompt came from the Space, so Zhao Hai took another chunk into the Space . Finally, when Zhao Hai took his fifth chunk of man eating flower into the Space, a movement can be seen in the distance . A flower suddenly changed and slowly stood up . Zhao Hai knew that this was what he was waiting for . Zhao Hai sized this Flower Devil that was in the process of standing up . Its stature was tall and big, it was unexpectedly four meters high . It was wearing a long robe that was composed of flower petals . It was brilliant purple and looked very fancy . The Flower Devil s face was red, and it had a hair that looked like a fresh flower that was in full bloom . This person had its eyes closed, probably not quite sober yet . Zhao Hai stood there, quietly observing the Flower Devil . After a while, the Flower Demon opened its eyes . The eyes weren t divided into sclera and pupil, instead, it was pitch black, looking just like two reflective gemstones . Due to it being fully black, it actually gave out a very evil feeling . The Flower Devil looked into the distance and into Zhao Hai and his Bone Dragon . Then it opened its mouth and said, How dare you take by children Hand them over now, or else, die The Flower Devil s opened mouth made Tywin and the others shocked . The Flower Devil actually had sharp jagged teeth, it looked extremely horrible . Zhao Hai looked at the Flower Devil and asked, Are you a Flower Devil What is your name The Flower Devil couldn t help but stare, its black eyes seemed to shine for a moment before it asked, Are you from the Ark Continent How come you are aware of our Flower Devil race Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, You don t need to know that . Now, tell me your name, or else I won t spare you . The Flower Devil laughed out loud and replied, Empty boasts . Just because you are a 9th rank expert, you think you can deal with me You are too naive . Zhao Hai looked at the Flower Devil and smiled, Of course I can deal with you . You re quite an easy target . The Flower Devil looked at Zhao Hai, then it coldly said, A Human Expert, finding out about the Demon invasion, so he decided to stop it . Then I have something to tell you . You re already too late . The Demon army will come soon, and there s no other way for you to stop it . Zhao Hai looked at the Flower Devil and smiled, I m not here to stop it . There s no stopping the Blood Void formation . The Demons back then told me about it, I m only here to clean the place up . As soon as the Flower Devil heard Zhao Hai, his eyes suddenly flashed, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, You actually knew this much Who are you Why would you know about the matters of the Demon Realm . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, It doesn t matter as to who I am . You only need to know that when the Demon Race comes, I would be the first one to stand up and defend the continent . The Flower Devil s eyes showed a cold expression, then he gave a long hiss, seemingly giving a command to the flowers on the ground . The flowers all stretched up like snakes getting ready to pounce . The Flower Devil looked at Zhao Hai and said, You meeting me today can only be blamed on your bad luck . You shall die today . Flower Armor Then just as his voice fell, the man eating flowers immediately flew towards him . Before long, his body was covered with an armor completely made out of man eating flowers . With this, the Flower Demon s stature had become even bigger, reaching a height of about ten meters . But what made Zhao Hai shocked the most was that this armor actually performed just like the Flower Devil s own body . There weren t any awkward movements that can be seen, it moved fluidly just like how a normal being moves . It seems like the man eating flowers had become part of the Flower Demon s body .





* * *





Chapter 687 – Flame Demon

Zhao Hai didn’t think that the Flower Devil would have this trick . And at this moment, the Flower Devil started to actually fly . This made Zhao Hai surprised, Cai’er who was God-ranked still cannot make her main body float . Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Flower Devil to be able to do what Cai’er can’t .

After the Flower Devil flew, it immediately waved his hand as man-eating flowers flew directly towards Zhao Hai and the others, looking just like pouncing snakes .

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he waved his own hand as several Bone Dragons appeared and threw themselves towards the Flower Devil . At the same time, the Bone Dragons also blocked the flying man-eating flowers .

Now it was the time for the Flower Devil to be startled . It didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually be able to unleash formidable undead .

Just when the Flower Devil decided to hide, it suddenly discovered that it was already surrounded by undead . These undead formed a huge ball that rotated continuously . The Flower Devil stared, he didn’t know what to do . Then a spatial rift appeared and before the Flower Devil could react, it was quickly pushed into the rift by the undead .

When the Flower Devil entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Plant-type Demon detected, unwilling to surrender, proceeding to subdue . Plant-type Demon surrenders . Detected special ability on plant-type demon . Withdrawing ability and integrating it into the Space . Space’s Manager can now use these abilities . Space’s plants now have a higher chance of gaining sentience . Plants in the Space now have much more defensive ability . ”

Zhao Hai expected this result, therefore he wasn’t to surprised . He was already aware that the Flower Demon had a lot of abilities .

However, Zhao Hai still couldn’t ignore the abilities that the Flower Demon had given to Cai’er . From what he can understand, Cai’er can now fly, which may allow her to leave the Space . This was a good thing, it meant that Zhao Hai had gained another





strong helper .

Naturally, Tywin and the others were unaware of all of these . What they saw was the undead surrounding the Flower Devil in a giant ball . Then after that, the Flower Devil disappeared . Although they couldn’t understand what happened, they didn’t dare to ask .

Zhao Hai waved his hand and stored the excess undead . Then he commanded the Bone Dragon to fly forward and go through the sea of flowers . After the man eating flowers, the amount of undead and dark beasts had increased . Zhao Hai was not polite, he absorbed all of them into the Space .

Zhao Hai and the others flew down even more . However, their speed had gone slower since the visibility had also gone shorter . Zhao Hai also discovered that even his divine sense was affected, he cannot sense things that were too far .

At this point, the power of the dark beasts and the undead got stronger and stronger . Even Zhao Hai’s 9th rank undead needed to exert some effort in order to clean them up .

In order to eliminate the beasts and undead inside the abyss as soon as possible, Zhao Hai decided to speed things up . Since he couldn’t see very far, decided to release more undead . At the same time, Zhao Hai also quickened their speed of advancing .

However, the Demonic Abyss has once again proven how bottomless it was . Just as Zhao Hai was thinking that there was no end, he suddenly felt a powerful aura in the distance . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he stopped . Then a fierce roar was heard from in front of him as a fiery red light appeared . Zhao Hai immediately erected a magical barrier . If his movement wasn’t quick, then they might have been burned by fire .

Zhao Hai looked in front of him in surprise, he wanted to know where this heat came from . At this moment, a clump of red light slowly approached the Bone Dragon . Zhao Hao stared at the human-shaped monster that was made out





out of fire . This monster made a loud hissing sound as fire spewed out towards Zhao Hai’s direction .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at the creature, he can feel how destructive its flame was . Zhao Hai waved his hand to produce a ball of water . Then he threw the ball of water to quench the approaching fireball .

Zhao Hai’s water wasn’t any common water, it was actually the Space’s glacial water . The coldness of this water easily trumps frozen ice . Once an average person touches this water, then they will surely be frozen to death .

The ball of water slowly approached the fireball . It wasn’t very big, compared to the fireball, it would be like a watermelon being hit by a walnut . But unexpectedly, when Zhao Hai’s ball of water came into contact with the fireball, the fire was immediately extinguished . At the same time, the water ball seemed to be untouched as it continued its trajectory towards the monster .

The monster seemed very surprised . It immediately roared and raised its hand to release a stream of fire to collide with Zhao Hai’s water ball . This time, the ball of water couldn’t block it as it vaporized under the constant barrage hot flame .

Zhao Hai knit the brows on his head, this Flame Demon was really hard to deal with . It was also at this time that Zhao Hai heard from Cai’er that the monster was named Flame Demon . It was another peculiar lifeform in the Demon Realm . In the Demon Realm, they can become God-ranked beings, with the majority of them having strengths much stronger than 9th ranks . Although the one in the Demonic Abyss wasn’t God-ranked, it was still something that shouldn’t be underestimated .

It seems like the Demons had gone big with their move . First, it was the Flower Devil, and now it was a Flame Demon . Who knows what else was waiting for Zhao Hai .

At this rate, Zhao Hai can only use Bubble in order to deal with this Flame Demon . However, Zhao Hai





Zhao Hai didn’t want to bother Bubble right now since the little blob was still learning about how to refine items . It wouldn’t be worth it to have Bubble stop what he’s doing just to deal with this Flame Demon .

In fact, Zhao Hai can just kill this Flame Demon, but he also thought that the Flame Demon would be useful for the Space, therefore he wanted to capture it .

Just as he was thinking about this, he suddenly felt something move in the Space’s sky . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he thought about the little thing that he gained along with the crystal jar . It was something that looked like a small sun . After arriving at the Space, the small sun went to the skies and stayed there . At this time, that same small sun transmitted the feeling of wanting to go out .

Zhao Hai gawked, he couldn’t help but think back to Bubble . If Bubble was the source of myriad water, then couldn’t this little sun be a source of myriad fire?

After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai made an intention as the small sun appeared in front of him . Then Zhao Hai waved his hand and had the little sun charge towards the Flame Demon .

The Flame Demon suddenly sensed something dangerous coming from Zhao Hai’s direction, so it didn’t delay as it immediately turned to run away .

However, its speed wasn’t faster than the small sun . In just a short moment, the little sun already arrived by the Flame Demon and entered its body . The Flame Demon immediately stopped and roared out loud before it slowly turned silent . The Flame Demon’s body slowly shrank before it completely vanished, leaving the little sun floating there . It seems like nothing changed from the sun’s appearance . But Zhao Hai can feel that the little sun was quite happy, it was as if it had just eaten great food .

After that, Zhao Hai absorbed the small sun back into the Space the he urged the Bone Dragon to go further into the Demonic Abyss . On the other

On the other hand, Tywin and the others couldn’t help but turn stupid . They were very shocked by Zhao Hai’s attacks . Zhao Hai was using special methods in order to deal with the enemies . Although it seems like Zhao Hai’s methods weren’t eye-catching, they still couldn’t hide the strength that Zhao Hai had .

Zhao Hai didn’t care about the Gan family’s reaction . He was now more curious about the situation with the Demons . He was now convinced that there was something inside the Demonic Abyss .

However, after flying for some time, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be disappointed . They haven’t met anything, it seems like the Demons have exhausted everything that they had .

At this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly stopped moving forward . He felt that something was wrong . He had been moving forward after he defeated the Flame Demon . But although the scenery in front of him was changing, he still felt that he wasn’t advancing at all .

Zhao Hai immediately called Cai’er over to see what was going on . What he got from Cai’er was information that he wasn’t moving all this time judging from what she saw from the monitor .

This made Zhao Hai feel confused . This was because he had always been flying, but Cai’er actually told him that he didn’t move . What was happening here?

Zhao Hai calmed his mind, he closed his eyes and then felt everything around him . With this, he found out a lot of floating things that seemed to surround him . These seemed like filaments but Zhao Hai wasn’t sure if they really existed, they feel more like energy projections than actual objects . From what he can see, it looks like these hair like things were giving Zhao Hai’s surroundings a strange feeling .

Zhao Hai quitely felt these floating energy filaments, he wanted to know what these were . Zhao Hai can feel that these things had no offensive ability, it cannot hurt him . However, these filaments were also giving Zhao Hai a dangerous vibe . This contradictory feeling surprised Zhao Hai .

 Chapter 687 Flame Demon Zhao Hai didn t think that the Flower Devil would have this trick . And at this moment, the Flower Devil started to actually fly . This made Zhao Hai surprised, Cai er who was God ranked still cannot make her main body float . Zhao Hai didn t expect the Flower Devil to be able to do what Cai er can t . After the Flower Devil flew, it immediately waved his hand as man eating flowers flew directly towards Zhao Hai and the others, looking just like pouncing snakes . Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he waved his own hand as several Bone Dragons appeared and threw themselves towards the Flower Devil . At the same time, the Bone Dragons also blocked the flying man eating flowers . Now it was the time for the Flower Devil to be startled . It didn t think that Zhao Hai would actually be able to unleash formidable undead . Just when the Flower Devil decided to hide, it suddenly discovered that it was already surrounded by undead . These undead formed a huge ball that rotated continuously . The Flower Devil stared, he didn t know what to do . Then a spatial rift appeared and before the Flower Devil could react, it was quickly pushed into the rift by the undead . When the Flower Devil entered the Space, a prompt was heard, Plant type Demon detected, unwilling to surrender, proceeding to subdue . Plant type Demon surrenders . Detected special ability on plant type demon . Withdrawing ability and integrating it into the Space . Space s Manager can now use these abilities . Space s plants now have a higher chance of gaining sentience . Plants in the Space now have much more defensive ability . Zhao Hai expected this result, therefore he wasn t to surprised . He was already aware that the Flower Demon had a lot of abilities . However, Zhao Hai still couldn t ignore the abilities that the Flower Demon had given to Cai er . From what he can understand, Cai er can now fly, which may allow her to leave the Space . This was a good thing, it meant that Zhao Hai had gained another strong helper . Naturally, Tywin and the others were unaware of all of these . What they saw was the undead surrounding the Flower Devil in a giant ball . Then after that, the Flower Devil disappeared . Although they couldn t understand what happened, they didn t dare to ask . Zhao Hai waved his hand and stored the excess undead . Then he commanded the Bone Dragon to fly forward and go through the sea of flowers . After the man eating flowers, the amount of undead and dark beasts had increased . Zhao Hai was not polite, he absorbed all of them into the Space . Zhao Hai and the others flew down even more . However, their speed had gone slower since the visibility had also gone shorter . Zhao Hai also discovered that even his divine sense was affected, he cannot sense things that were too far . At this point, the power of the dark beasts and the undead got stronger and stronger . Even Zhao Hai s 9th rank undead needed to exert some effort in order to clean them up . In order to eliminate the beasts and undead inside the abyss as soon as possible, Zhao Hai decided to speed things up . Since he couldn t see very far, decided to release more undead . At the same time, Zhao Hai also quickened their speed of advancing . However, the Demonic Abyss has once again proven how bottomless it was . Just as Zhao Hai was thinking that there was no end, he suddenly felt a powerful aura in the distance . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he stopped . Then a fierce roar was heard from in front of him as a fiery red light appeared . Zhao Hai immediately erected a magical barrier . If his movement wasn t quick, then they might have been burned by fire . Zhao Hai looked in front of him in surprise, he wanted to know where this heat came from . At this moment, a clump of red light slowly approached the Bone Dragon . Zhao Hao stared at the human shaped monster that was made out of fire . This monster made a loud hissing sound as fire spewed out towards Zhao Hai s direction . Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare at the creature, he can feel how destructive its flame was . Zhao Hai waved his hand to produce a ball of water . Then he threw the ball of water to quench the approaching fireball . Zhao Hai s water wasn t any common water, it was actually the Space s glacial water . The coldness of this water easily trumps frozen ice . Once an average person touches this water, then they will surely be frozen to death . The ball of water slowly approached the fireball . It wasn t very big, compared to the fireball, it would be like a watermelon being hit by a walnut . But unexpectedly, when Zhao Hai s ball of water came into contact with the fireball, the fire was immediately extinguished . At the same time, the water ball seemed to be untouched as it continued its trajectory towards the monster . The monster seemed very surprised . It immediately roared and raised its hand to release a stream of fire to collide with Zhao Hai s water ball . This time, the ball of water couldn t block it as it vaporized under the constant barrage hot flame . Zhao Hai knit the brows on his head, this Flame Demon was really hard to deal with . It was also at this time that Zhao Hai heard from Cai er that the monster was named Flame Demon . It was another peculiar lifeform in the Demon Realm . In the Demon Realm, they can become God ranked beings, with the majority of them having strengths much stronger than 9th ranks . Although the one in the Demonic Abyss wasn t God ranked, it was still something that shouldn t be underestimated . It seems like the Demons had gone big with their move . First, it was the Flower Devil, and now it was a Flame Demon . Who knows what else was waiting for Zhao Hai . At this rate, Zhao Hai can only use Bubble in order to deal with this Flame Demon . However, Zhao Hai didn t want to bother Bubble right now since the little blob was still learning about how to refine items . It wouldn t be worth it to have Bubble stop what he s doing just to deal with this Flame Demon . In fact, Zhao Hai can just kill this Flame Demon, but he also thought that the Flame Demon would be useful for the Space, therefore he wanted to capture it . Just as he was thinking about this, he suddenly felt something move in the Space s sky . Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he thought about the little thing that he gained along with the crystal jar . It was something that looked like a small sun . After arriving at the Space, the small sun went to the skies and stayed there . At this time, that same small sun transmitted the feeling of wanting to go out . Zhao Hai gawked, he couldn t help but think back to Bubble . If Bubble was the source of myriad water, then couldn t this little sun be a source of myriad fire After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai made an intention as the small sun appeared in front of him . Then Zhao Hai waved his hand and had the little sun charge towards the Flame Demon . The Flame Demon suddenly sensed something dangerous coming from Zhao Hai s direction, so it didn t delay as it immediately turned to run away . However, its speed wasn t faster than the small sun . In just a short moment, the little sun already arrived by the Flame Demon and entered its body . The Flame Demon immediately stopped and roared out loud before it slowly turned silent . The Flame Demon s body slowly shrank before it completely vanished, leaving the little sun floating there . It seems like nothing changed from the sun s appearance . But Zhao Hai can feel that the little sun was quite happy, it was as if it had just eaten great food . After that, Zhao Hai absorbed the small sun back into the Space the he urged the Bone Dragon to go further into the Demonic Abyss . On the other hand, Tywin and the others couldn t help but turn stupid . They were very shocked by Zhao Hai s attacks . Zhao Hai was using special methods in order to deal with the enemies . Although it seems like Zhao Hai s methods weren t eye catching, they still couldn t hide the strength that Zhao Hai had . Zhao Hai didn t care about the Gan family s reaction . He was now more curious about the situation with the Demons . He was now convinced that there was something inside the Demonic Abyss . However, after flying for some time, Zhao Hai couldn t help but be disappointed . They haven t met anything, it seems like the Demons have exhausted everything that they had . At this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly stopped moving forward . He felt that something was wrong . He had been moving forward after he defeated the Flame Demon . But although the scenery in front of him was changing, he still felt that he wasn t advancing at all . Zhao Hai immediately called Cai er over to see what was going on . What he got from Cai er was information that he wasn t moving all this time judging from what she saw from the monitor . This made Zhao Hai feel confused . This was because he had always been flying, but Cai er actually told him that he didn t move . What was happening here Zhao Hai calmed his mind, he closed his eyes and then felt everything around him . With this, he found out a lot of floating things that seemed to surround him . These seemed like filaments but Zhao Hai wasn t sure if they really existed, they feel more like energy projections than actual objects . From what he can see, it looks like these hair like things were giving Zhao Hai s surroundings a strange feeling . Zhao Hai quitely felt these floating energy filaments, he wanted to know what these were . Zhao Hai can feel that these things had no offensive ability, it cannot hurt him . However, these filaments were also giving Zhao Hai a dangerous vibe . This contradictory feeling surprised Zhao Hai .





* * *





Chapter 688 – Best Wife Candidate: Succubus

Zhao Hai calmed his mind as he felt the energy around him . He wanted to know what these things were doing and what their use was .

However, Zhao Hai found himself unable to find anything out . Besides what he felt, there was nothing else, just the Bone Dragon and the others, hovering mid-air .

Zhao Hai continued to feel out these energy filaments . Although they don’t have any physical effects, its seems like they were doing something akin to a stick hitting water . Ripples were going outwards as the filaments waved around . The ripples were extremely faint, if Zhao Hai didn’t have his God-ranked divine sense, then he wouldn’t have sensed them .

Zhao Hai carefully examined the ripples and was quick to discover that they were special types of spiritual force . It was quite peculiar, not only was it hard to detect, their effect was manifested quite quickly . As soon as the ripples touched Zhao Hai’s mind, they would immediately get absorbed and then disappear .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel very strange, this mental attack was too weak, but he immediately found out that something was wrong . Then suddenly, the opposing party’s fluctuation increased . At the same time, the more the other party exerted this force, the more comfortable Zhao Hai felt .

However, Zhao Hai was not happy with this, in fact, he was quite startled at this point . He was now convinced that these ripples were up to no good and were responsible for Zhao Hai’s strange situation . And then, Zhao Hai understood that he had been trapped in an illusion .

After he had thought up to this point, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Host is receiving an advanced level hypnosis attack . Host’s form separated from hypnotic state . Space has increased its own hypnosis ability . ”

Zhao Hai’s mind went blank, then he opened his eyes . It was not long before he discovered a Demon not far away from him . She was a very attractive Demon, she wore bewitching leather clothes, one could clearly see that this leather was made out of the skin belonging to a very advanced level beast . The leather was black, it





didn’t have any speck of hair on it and had a texture of a diver’s suit . The leather tightly fit her body and was very perfect for her own form . The Demon’s skin had the same color as wheat and her facial expression was exquisite . She had silvery-white hair which was quite long . At this time, she was about ten meters away from Zhao Hai and the others .

The Bone Dragon wasn’t moving at all, it was just quietly floated in the air . Then Zhao Hai turned to Tywin and the others, it seems like they were still unable to notice this female demon in front of them .

Zhao Hai turned his head back to the female demon in surprise . This woman was too powerful, to the point that she can actually place Zhao Hai in an illusion . If Zhao Hai didn’t become suspicious and was saved by the Space, then he would have suffered consequences .

At this time, Cai’er talked while inside the Space, “Young Master, that’s a Succubus . Their race has the most powerful spiritual attack in the entire Demon Realm . Young Master, it seems like you are in deep trouble now . ”

Zhao Hai was confused at what Cai’er said, “Trouble? What trouble? I have broken her attack, therefore, I can just kill her whenever I want . How can that be trouble? Is it because I’m still in an illusion?”

Cai’er gave a smile and said, “Of course not . Young Master is certainly out of the illusion . However, the Succubi are the hardest people to deal with in the Demon Realm . Moreover, their race had a very unusual rule . When an adult Succubus attacks using her mental power and her enemy manages to break free, then she would have to marry him . Of course, this isn’t the only way that Succubi get married . However, all married Succubi would have a crystal piece on their foreheads, increasing the potency of their mental attacks . Young Master, from what I can see, this adult Succubi in front of you is still undefeated, meaning that she is still unmarried . Now that the Young Master has broken free of her attack, then I’m afraid that this Succubi





Succubi would have to marry you . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare blankly, he would never expect this in a thousand years . Then he asked Cai’er, “Is that really the case? Is there nobody in the Demon Realm that can defeat this Succubus? From what I can see, her mental attack is indeed powerful, but it isn’t to a point where nobody else can defeat it . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Of course they aren’t invincible, otherwise, the Demon realm wouldn’t have been ruled by the Demon Race . However, these Succubi are very careful . In addition to their mental attack, they still have other ways to harm their enemies . If they aren’t confident with their mental attack, then they certainly wouldn’t use it . After all, the assassination techniques of the Succubi were also very formidable . Additionally, they weren’t the kinds of people who would stir up trouble with existences that they wouldn’t dare to provoke . Because of this, marrying a Succubus by withstanding their attack wasn’t a very easy matter . A lot of Succubi married their husbands voluntarily instead of being compelled to marry their opponent . At the same time, it is also impossible to force a Succubus to marry someone . If the Succubus is forced, then she might commit suicide . But before she dies, she would curse the other party, leaving an unerasable mark on him . After that, the person would then be hounded by the other Succubi . One must also know that the Succubi held great influence in the Demon Realm, a lot of them married very powerful people in the hierarchy of power and influence . Moreover, their unreasonable passion was also quite known . Once one person get married to a Succubus, they would no doubt be held as someone worth respect . And when their husbands die, Succubi wouldn’t even hesitate to kill themselves . Because of this, everyone in the Demon Realm wanted to have a Succubus as their wife . Not only are the Succubi proficient in assassination, their mental power would also increase after being married . And most importantly, all Succubi are very beautiful . They are the most ideal wives in the Demon Realm . ”

This gave Zhao Hai a





Hai a headache, then he asked, “What if I just refuse to marry her after I break her mental attack?”

Cai’er shook her head, “That would not be a good idea . The temperament of the Succubus shouldn’t be underestimated . If you chose to not marry her, then she would kill herself in front of you, marking you with the unremovable curse as well . ”

Zhao Hai felt his head get more painful, he didn’t think that he would meet such a hard to deal enemy . If the Succubus were to discover that he had escaped from her attack, what reaction would she have?

After thinking about this point, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gain hope, he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, I’m not from the Demon Realm . Then wouldn’t she refrain from marrying me?”

Cai’er shook her head and said, “That is impossible, Young Master . It didn’t matter what race you are, as long as you break a Succubus’ attack, then she would marry you . It didn’t matter if you aren’t a Demon, even if you are a magic beast, she would still marry you . ”

When Zhao Hai heard this, he couldn’t help but stare . He hadn’t heard of a race as terrifying as this . They were completely not in line with common sense . How could all of these be possible?

Zhao Hai was thinking of methods to make the Succubus believe that he was still under her attack . He wanted to get out of this trouble, marriage wasn’t an easy thing to decide on .

At this time, Cai’er actually chuckled and said, “Congratulations, Young Master . You just gained another wife . The Succubus just discovered that you had freed yourself from her attack . ”

Upon hearing Cai’er, Zhao Hai’s mouth couldn’t help but twitch . Then he looked up at the Succubus who had also opened her eyes . She was currently looking at Zhao Hai, her wheat colored cheeks seemed to have developed a blush .

One couldn’t deny how beautiful this Succubus was, especially now where she was being timid and shy . But after thinking about their race’s peculiar rule, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but force a smile .

When the Succubus saw Zhao Hai’s expression, her face couldn’t help but get redder . She

. She shook her head and then fixed her hair before she sternly looked at Zhao Hai and said, “From what I can hear during your conversation with the Flower Devil, you should be knowledgeable about the Demon Realm . Do you know what I am?”

Zhao Hai wanted to say that he didn’t know . But when he saw the Succubus’ expression, he couldn’t help but nod . On the other hand, Tywin and the others had just recovered . All of them couldn’t help but freeze when they saw the beautiful woman in front of them .

When the Succubus saw Zhao Hai nod, she couldn’t help but relax . Then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Then do you know about the rule of our Succubus race?”

Zhao Hai had no choice but to bitterly nod . He didn’t know if it was an illusion or not, but he can feel that the other party can ascertain whether he was speaking the truth or not . He was afraid that once the Succubus discovered that he lied, then she might kill herself immediately .

If it was an ordinary enemy who killed themselves, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t even bat an eye . But after Cai’er told him about the custom of the Succubus race, he couldn’t afford having this Succubus kill herself . Therefore, he had no choice but to bitterly smile at this time .

The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So you are aware . Then from today on, I shall be your wife . ”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “But first you should know that I already have several wives . And I love them very much . ”

The Succubus actually coldly snorted and said, “I don’t mind . ”

Zhao Hai was left with nothing to say . He didn’t think that the other party would give such a nonchalant reply . At this point, Tywin and the others couldn’t make sense of what just happened . This woman in front of them seem to be an enemy, but now she has become Zhao Hai’s wife . They didn’t know if they should prevent her approach or just stay there . All of them felt that they had gone stupid from all that just happened .

 Chapter 688 Best Wife Candidate Succubus Zhao Hai calmed his mind as he felt the energy around him . He wanted to know what these things were doing and what their use was . However, Zhao Hai found himself unable to find anything out . Besides what he felt, there was nothing else, just the Bone Dragon and the others, hovering mid air . Zhao Hai continued to feel out these energy filaments . Although they don t have any physical effects, its seems like they were doing something akin to a stick hitting water . Ripples were going outwards as the filaments waved around . The ripples were extremely faint, if Zhao Hai didn t have his God ranked divine sense, then he wouldn t have sensed them . Zhao Hai carefully examined the ripples and was quick to discover that they were special types of spiritual force . It was quite peculiar, not only was it hard to detect, their effect was manifested quite quickly . As soon as the ripples touched Zhao Hai s mind, they would immediately get absorbed and then disappear . Zhao Hai couldn t help but feel very strange, this mental attack was too weak, but he immediately found out that something was wrong . Then suddenly, the opposing party s fluctuation increased . At the same time, the more the other party exerted this force, the more comfortable Zhao Hai felt . However, Zhao Hai was not happy with this, in fact, he was quite startled at this point . He was now convinced that these ripples were up to no good and were responsible for Zhao Hai s strange situation . And then, Zhao Hai understood that he had been trapped in an illusion . After he had thought up to this point, the Space immediately issued a prompt, Host is receiving an advanced level hypnosis attack . Host s form separated from hypnotic state . Space has increased its own hypnosis ability . Zhao Hai s mind went blank, then he opened his eyes . It was not long before he discovered a Demon not far away from him . She was a very attractive Demon, she wore bewitching leather clothes, one could clearly see that this leather was made out of the skin belonging to a very advanced level beast . The leather was black, it didn t have any speck of hair on it and had a texture of a diver s suit . The leather tightly fit her body and was very perfect for her own form . The Demon s skin had the same color as wheat and her facial expression was exquisite . She had silvery white hair which was quite long . At this time, she was about ten meters away from Zhao Hai and the others . The Bone Dragon wasn t moving at all, it was just quietly floated in the air . Then Zhao Hai turned to Tywin and the others, it seems like they were still unable to notice this female demon in front of them . Zhao Hai turned his head back to the female demon in surprise . This woman was too powerful, to the point that she can actually place Zhao Hai in an illusion . If Zhao Hai didn t become suspicious and was saved by the Space, then he would have suffered consequences . At this time, Cai er talked while inside the Space, Young Master, that s a Succubus . Their race has the most powerful spiritual attack in the entire Demon Realm . Young Master, it seems like you are in deep trouble now . Zhao Hai was confused at what Cai er said, Trouble What trouble I have broken her attack, therefore, I can just kill her whenever I want . How can that be trouble Is it because I m still in an illusion Cai er gave a smile and said, Of course not . Young Master is certainly out of the illusion . However, the Succubi are the hardest people to deal with in the Demon Realm . Moreover, their race had a very unusual rule . When an adult Succubus attacks using her mental power and her enemy manages to break free, then she would have to marry him . Of course, this isn t the only way that Succubi get married . However, all married Succubi would have a crystal piece on their foreheads, increasing the potency of their mental attacks . Young Master, from what I can see, this adult Succubi in front of you is still undefeated, meaning that she is still unmarried . Now that the Young Master has broken free of her attack, then I m afraid that this Succubi would have to marry you . Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare blankly, he would never expect this in a thousand years . Then he asked Cai er, Is that really the case Is there nobody in the Demon Realm that can defeat this Succubus From what I can see, her mental attack is indeed powerful, but it isn t to a point where nobody else can defeat it . Cai er smiled and said, Of course they aren t invincible, otherwise, the Demon realm wouldn t have been ruled by the Demon Race . However, these Succubi are very careful . In addition to their mental attack, they still have other ways to harm their enemies . If they aren t confident with their mental attack, then they certainly wouldn t use it . After all, the assassination techniques of the Succubi were also very formidable . Additionally, they weren t the kinds of people who would stir up trouble with existences that they wouldn t dare to provoke . Because of this, marrying a Succubus by withstanding their attack wasn t a very easy matter . A lot of Succubi married their husbands voluntarily instead of being compelled to marry their opponent . At the same time, it is also impossible to force a Succubus to marry someone . If the Succubus is forced, then she might commit suicide . But before she dies, she would curse the other party, leaving an unerasable mark on him . After that, the person would then be hounded by the other Succubi . One must also know that the Succubi held great influence in the Demon Realm, a lot of them married very powerful people in the hierarchy of power and influence . Moreover, their unreasonable passion was also quite known . Once one person get married to a Succubus, they would no doubt be held as someone worth respect . And when their husbands die, Succubi wouldn t even hesitate to kill themselves . Because of this, everyone in the Demon Realm wanted to have a Succubus as their wife . Not only are the Succubi proficient in assassination, their mental power would also increase after being married . And most importantly, all Succubi are very beautiful . They are the most ideal wives in the Demon Realm . This gave Zhao Hai a headache, then he asked, What if I just refuse to marry her after I break her mental attack Cai er shook her head, That would not be a good idea . The temperament of the Succubus shouldn t be underestimated . If you chose to not marry her, then she would kill herself in front of you, marking you with the unremovable curse as well . Zhao Hai felt his head get more painful, he didn t think that he would meet such a hard to deal enemy . If the Succubus were to discover that he had escaped from her attack, what reaction would she have After thinking about this point, Zhao Hai couldn t help but gain hope, he turned to Cai er and said, Cai er, I m not from the Demon Realm . Then wouldn t she refrain from marrying me Cai er shook her head and said, That is impossible, Young Master . It didn t matter what race you are, as long as you break a Succubus attack, then she would marry you . It didn t matter if you aren t a Demon, even if you are a magic beast, she would still marry you . When Zhao Hai heard this, he couldn t help but stare . He hadn t heard of a race as terrifying as this . They were completely not in line with common sense . How could all of these be possible Zhao Hai was thinking of methods to make the Succubus believe that he was still under her attack . He wanted to get out of this trouble, marriage wasn t an easy thing to decide on . At this time, Cai er actually chuckled and said, Congratulations, Young Master . You just gained another wife . The Succubus just discovered that you had freed yourself from her attack . Upon hearing Cai er, Zhao Hai s mouth couldn t help but twitch . Then he looked up at the Succubus who had also opened her eyes . She was currently looking at Zhao Hai, her wheat colored cheeks seemed to have developed a blush . One couldn t deny how beautiful this Succubus was, especially now where she was being timid and shy . But after thinking about their race s peculiar rule, Zhao Hai couldn t help but force a smile . When the Succubus saw Zhao Hai s expression, her face couldn t help but get redder . She shook her head and then fixed her hair before she sternly looked at Zhao Hai and said, From what I can hear during your conversation with the Flower Devil, you should be knowledgeable about the Demon Realm . Do you know what I am Zhao Hai wanted to say that he didn t know . But when he saw the Succubus expression, he couldn t help but nod . On the other hand, Tywin and the others had just recovered . All of them couldn t help but freeze when they saw the beautiful woman in front of them . When the Succubus saw Zhao Hai nod, she couldn t help but relax . Then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, Then do you know about the rule of our Succubus race Zhao Hai had no choice but to bitterly nod . He didn t know if it was an illusion or not, but he can feel that the other party can ascertain whether he was speaking the truth or not . He was afraid that once the Succubus discovered that he lied, then she might kill herself immediately . If it was an ordinary enemy who killed themselves, then Zhao Hai wouldn t even bat an eye . But after Cai er told him about the custom of the Succubus race, he couldn t afford having this Succubus kill herself . Therefore, he had no choice but to bitterly smile at this time . The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and said, So you are aware . Then from today on, I shall be your wife . Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, But first you should know that I already have several wives . And I love them very much . The Succubus actually coldly snorted and said, I don t mind . Zhao Hai was left with nothing to say . He didn t think that the other party would give such a nonchalant reply . At this point, Tywin and the others couldn t make sense of what just happened . This woman in front of them seem to be an enemy, but now she has become Zhao Hai s wife . They didn t know if they should prevent her approach or just stay there . All of them felt that they had gone stupid from all that just happened .





* * *





Chapter 689 – The Weakness of the Undead

In the end, Tywin and the others decided to refrain from moving . This was because even Zhao Hai himself didn’t make a move . They decided that it wouldn’t be good if they were to make any unnecessary actions .

Zhao Hai looked at the Succubus that stood right beside him in the Bone Dragon . Then he said, “You have to think carefully, I am the focal point of the Ark Continent alliance, the first one to go up against the Demon Realm . If you really want to marry me, then you would be enemies with your own people, every Demon, and all of the Demon realm . ”

The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and coldly snorted, “If you must kill all the Demons, then I would even help you sharpen your blade . ”

Zhao Hai gave a short hmph, however, he didn’t say anything, he knew that it wasn’t the time to talk too much at this point . So he just asked, “Are there any more Demons ahead? And why are you here? Isn’t the Blood Void supposed to be indestructible?”

The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and said, “We are here to guard the void formation . Although the Blood Void can still activate after being destroyed, it would still be much better if it operates in its full potential . There aren’t a lot of people here, aside from the Flower Devil, Flame Demon, Me, and the dark beasts and undead, there aren’t other people . However, there are ten Demons in the formation itself . If you go forward, the undead and dark beasts would go all out in stopping you . Ten of those dark beasts and undead are 9th ranks, the others are all 8th ranks . They are tasked to delay you as much as possible from destroying the void formation . However, I think you’re not here to destroy the formation . Otherwise, you would have destroyed the blood formation back then . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he nodded and said, “Your right, I didn’t want to destroy the Blood Void . Instead, I’d rather wait for it





to finish and get more preparation time that way . After all, there aren’t very much difference between launching now and launching later . Right, I still don’t know your name . ”

The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I’m called Berry . If you destroy the Blood Void ahead of time, the power of the rift would be reduced by a tenth of the original . ” Berry’s voice had become mellower compared to before, her cold disposition seems to have vanished .

But Zhao Hai didn’t pay much attention to it now . He was currently pondering about what a tenth of a difference can do . Will he have to destroy the formation now?

In the end, Zhao Hai decided to refrain from destroying it . Once he attacked the Blood Void, then it would immediately start . However, Demon City was still unprepared . Although a tenth couldn’t be underestimated, Zhao Hai deemed it to be negligible in when compared to the time for preparation .

Even if the rift were to be reduced, the sheer size of the Blood Void rift would still be quite large . A difference between a million demons and 900 thousand Demons seemed to be insignificant in the long term .

Berry looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You really don’t want to destroy the Blood Void?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Destroying it is useless . This time, I only came to eradicate all dark beasts and undead in the abyss . I want to prevent them from being an addition to the Demon army . What can a tenth of a difference really do to us? What significant difference would there be between a million Demons and 900 thousand Demons?”

Berry’s eyes flashed while she looked at Zhao Hai, then she sighed and said, “You really don’t understand the Demons . They had been waiting for that day, for many years . For you, 1 million and 900 thousand might not have much of a difference since you are the enemy . However, for 100 thousand Demons to see the Ark Continent in advance is a very big factor for the Demons . People





People would fight to the death even for just a spot of being able to see the Ark Continent a day ahead . ”

Zhao Hai can understand what Berry meant . If one were to tell people who lived in darkness that they can see the sunlight, then they would be extremely desperate in order to be the first one in the line . Between Zhao Hai and the Demons, the significance of a tenth was completely different .

Zhao Hai sighed, then he didn’t speak anymore . He urged the Bone Dragon to go forward . He wanted to complete his original plan of coming here, eliminating all the dark beasts as well as the undead .

Just as Berry said, Zhao Hai didn’t meet any significant resistance as he went forward . All that they had come across were more dark beasts and undead .

Zhao Hai relaxed, then he turned to Berry and said, “You have become quite close to me back then, why haven’t you used your assassination techniques and went for a mental attack instead?”

When Berry heard Zhao Hai, her face couldn’t help but turn red, “I was already near you when you were fighting with the Flame Devil . However, I knew that our assassination techniques would alarm the Bone Dragon before I arrive . Therefore, I decided to trap you here using my mental attack until the Blood Void activates . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he knew that since Berry was aware of his conversation with the Flower Devil, then she should’ve been present when he fought the Flame Demon . However, the two fights had shown Berry how strong he was . Therefore, Berry had no choice but use their mental attack . However, she didn’t expect that she would lose .

Zhao Hai stopped asking about this matter . He turned his gaze towards the distance and said, “They should be coming about now . ” Zhao Hai was referring to those ten 9th ranks .

As expected, just as Zhao Hai said that, ten black spots appeared in the distance . The black spots slowly grew as it approached Zhao Hai . Among them were eight dark beasts and two undead





two undead creatures who were emitting a strong aura .

The dark beasts are just special magic beasts, so they didn’t get too much out of Zhao Hai’s attention . On the other hand, the undead made Zhao Hai intrigued . He didn’t expect that the undead would be able to reach 9th rank naturally . This was the first time that he saw a true 9th rank undead .

The two undead had human forms . Their bodies were equipped with worn out battle armor . They were also holding damaged great swords . Their image conforms to what Zhao Hai expected 9th rank undead would be .

However, these two undead creatures gave Zhao Hai a peculiar feeling . Zhao Hai felt that he was facing actual people instead of undead . Compared to what he felt with the Space’s 9th rank undead, these two undead had a more formidable aura .

Zhao Hai curiously looked at the two 9th rank undead and said, “Are you naturally evolved undead? Why would you listen to the words of the Demons?”

“Demon consciousness . Unsurpassed honor! Kill!” Zhao Hai thought that the opposite party wouldn’t reply . He really didn’t expect that they would say anything, even in broken sentences .

Zhao Hai waved his hand as he commanded the undead on the ground to fly up . Then he had this group of undead form a small cube formation in front of Zhao Hai . After that, he commanded them to fight the 10 9th ranks .

Zhao Hai didn’t care much about these undead, he wanted to see how these 9th rank dark beasts and undead from the Demon Realm fight . From Zhao Hai’s calculation, aside from the 9th ranks, there should be about 1 million undead as well as about 2 million dark beasts .

However, he didn’t kill the 8th rank dark beasts this time, all of them were absorbed into the Space . Additionally, the 8th rank undead were also taken into the Space, changing them into Zhao Hai’s own undead army .

Before long, the 10 9th ranks had managed to eliminate about a hundred of Zhao Hai’s own 9th rank undead .

undead . But instead of being angry, Zhao Hai was actually glad . He discovered that these naturally formed 9th rank undead seemed to be much more powerful compared to the 9th ranks that were produced by the Space .

This made Zhao Hai puzzled at first, but he quickly thought of the reason . One was artificially promoted by the Space while the other was made after innumerable years of existence . In these years, the undead should have encountered a lot of battles, making its fighting experience constantly improve . It seems like battle experience was more important to these undead than what Zhao Hai originally thought .

Although the undead of the Space were similarly 9th rank, they were still far behind those who were forged through constant battle . Because of this lack of experience, the Space’s undead were unable to utilize all of their strength . It was like having powerlifter fight, he might be strong, but it was extremely possible that he would lose against a similarly strong but experienced fighter .

However, there was no way for Zhao Hai to have an immediate solution to this problem . The undead in the Space were truly lacking in genuine battle experience . Moreover, before becoming 9th ranks, most of them had strengths that were incomparably low . This caused a disparity in their thoughts and actual strength . The only solution that Zhao Hai thought of was to forge them through constant battle during the war . Only when they can accumulate experience would they be able to perfectly control their strength . [1]

Now that the Demons were on their way and the Divine Race not far behind, huge battles would surely happen in the future . Zhao Hai would use this opportunity to have his undead acquire ample experience . That way, Zhao Hai can then command an invincible army . Whether it be the Demons or the Divine Race, Zhao Hai would not be afraid anymore . He would even march into the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm in order to eliminate future problems!

Or you can just let them fight each other inside the Space . cmonbruh  Chapter 689 The Weakness of the Undead In the end, Tywin and the others decided to refrain from moving . This was because even Zhao Hai himself didn t make a move . They decided that it wouldn t be good if they were to make any unnecessary actions . Zhao Hai looked at the Succubus that stood right beside him in the Bone Dragon . Then he said, You have to think carefully, I am the focal point of the Ark Continent alliance, the first one to go up against the Demon Realm . If you really want to marry me, then you would be enemies with your own people, every Demon, and all of the Demon realm . The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and coldly snorted, If you must kill all the Demons, then I would even help you sharpen your blade . Zhao Hai gave a short hmph, however, he didn t say anything, he knew that it wasn t the time to talk too much at this point . So he just asked, Are there any more Demons ahead And why are you here Isn t the Blood Void supposed to be indestructible The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and said, We are here to guard the void formation . Although the Blood Void can still activate after being destroyed, it would still be much better if it operates in its full potential . There aren t a lot of people here, aside from the Flower Devil, Flame Demon, Me, and the dark beasts and undead, there aren t other people . However, there are ten Demons in the formation itself . If you go forward, the undead and dark beasts would go all out in stopping you . Ten of those dark beasts and undead are 9th ranks, the others are all 8th ranks . They are tasked to delay you as much as possible from destroying the void formation . However, I think you re not here to destroy the formation . Otherwise, you would have destroyed the blood formation back then . Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he nodded and said, Your right, I didn t want to destroy the Blood Void . Instead, I d rather wait for it to finish and get more preparation time that way . After all, there aren t very much difference between launching now and launching later . Right, I still don t know your name . The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and said, I m called Berry . If you destroy the Blood Void ahead of time, the power of the rift would be reduced by a tenth of the original . Berry s voice had become mellower compared to before, her cold disposition seems to have vanished . But Zhao Hai didn t pay much attention to it now . He was currently pondering about what a tenth of a difference can do . Will he have to destroy the formation now In the end, Zhao Hai decided to refrain from destroying it . Once he attacked the Blood Void, then it would immediately start . However, Demon City was still unprepared . Although a tenth couldn t be underestimated, Zhao Hai deemed it to be negligible in when compared to the time for preparation . Even if the rift were to be reduced, the sheer size of the Blood Void rift would still be quite large . A difference between a million demons and 900 thousand Demons seemed to be insignificant in the long term . Berry looked at Zhao Hai and said, You really don t want to destroy the Blood Void Zhao Hai shook his head and said, Destroying it is useless . This time, I only came to eradicate all dark beasts and undead in the abyss . I want to prevent them from being an addition to the Demon army . What can a tenth of a difference really do to us What significant difference would there be between a million Demons and 900 thousand Demons Berry s eyes flashed while she looked at Zhao Hai, then she sighed and said, You really don t understand the Demons . They had been waiting for that day, for many years . For you, 1 million and 900 thousand might not have much of a difference since you are the enemy . However, for 100 thousand Demons to see the Ark Continent in advance is a very big factor for the Demons . People would fight to the death even for just a spot of being able to see the Ark Continent a day ahead . Zhao Hai can understand what Berry meant . If one were to tell people who lived in darkness that they can see the sunlight, then they would be extremely desperate in order to be the first one in the line . Between Zhao Hai and the Demons, the significance of a tenth was completely different . Zhao Hai sighed, then he didn t speak anymore . He urged the Bone Dragon to go forward . He wanted to complete his original plan of coming here, eliminating all the dark beasts as well as the undead . Just as Berry said, Zhao Hai didn t meet any significant resistance as he went forward . All that they had come across were more dark beasts and undead . Zhao Hai relaxed, then he turned to Berry and said, You have become quite close to me back then, why haven t you used your assassination techniques and went for a mental attack instead When Berry heard Zhao Hai, her face couldn t help but turn red, I was already near you when you were fighting with the Flame Devil . However, I knew that our assassination techniques would alarm the Bone Dragon before I arrive . Therefore, I decided to trap you here using my mental attack until the Blood Void activates . Zhao Hai nodded, he knew that since Berry was aware of his conversation with the Flower Devil, then she should ve been present when he fought the Flame Demon . However, the two fights had shown Berry how strong he was . Therefore, Berry had no choice but use their mental attack . However, she didn t expect that she would lose . Zhao Hai stopped asking about this matter . He turned his gaze towards the distance and said, They should be coming about now . Zhao Hai was referring to those ten 9th ranks . As expected, just as Zhao Hai said that, ten black spots appeared in the distance . The black spots slowly grew as it approached Zhao Hai . Among them were eight dark beasts and two undead creatures who were emitting a strong aura . The dark beasts are just special magic beasts, so they didn t get too much out of Zhao Hai s attention . On the other hand, the undead made Zhao Hai intrigued . He didn t expect that the undead would be able to reach 9th rank naturally . This was the first time that he saw a true 9th rank undead . The two undead had human forms . Their bodies were equipped with worn out battle armor . They were also holding damaged great swords . Their image conforms to what Zhao Hai expected 9th rank undead would be . However, these two undead creatures gave Zhao Hai a peculiar feeling . Zhao Hai felt that he was facing actual people instead of undead . Compared to what he felt with the Space s 9th rank undead, these two undead had a more formidable aura . Zhao Hai curiously looked at the two 9th rank undead and said, Are you naturally evolved undead Why would you listen to the words of the Demons Demon consciousness . Unsurpassed honor Kill Zhao Hai thought that the opposite party wouldn t reply . He really didn t expect that they would say anything, even in broken sentences . Zhao Hai waved his hand as he commanded the undead on the ground to fly up . Then he had this group of undead form a small cube formation in front of Zhao Hai . After that, he commanded them to fight the 10 9th ranks . Zhao Hai didn t care much about these undead, he wanted to see how these 9th rank dark beasts and undead from the Demon Realm fight . From Zhao Hai s calculation, aside from the 9th ranks, there should be about 1 million undead as well as about 2 million dark beasts . However, he didn t kill the 8th rank dark beasts this time, all of them were absorbed into the Space . Additionally, the 8th rank undead were also taken into the Space, changing them into Zhao Hai s own undead army . Before long, the 10 9th ranks had managed to eliminate about a hundred of Zhao Hai s own 9th rank undead . But instead of being angry, Zhao Hai was actually glad . He discovered that these naturally formed 9th rank undead seemed to be much more powerful compared to the 9th ranks that were produced by the Space . This made Zhao Hai puzzled at first, but he quickly thought of the reason . One was artificially promoted by the Space while the other was made after innumerable years of existence . In these years, the undead should have encountered a lot of battles, making its fighting experience constantly improve . It seems like battle experience was more important to these undead than what Zhao Hai originally thought . Although the undead of the Space were similarly 9th rank, they were still far behind those who were forged through constant battle . Because of this lack of experience, the Space s undead were unable to utilize all of their strength . It was like having powerlifter fight, he might be strong, but it was extremely possible that he would lose against a similarly strong but experienced fighter . However, there was no way for Zhao Hai to have an immediate solution to this problem . The undead in the Space were truly lacking in genuine battle experience . Moreover, before becoming 9th ranks, most of them had strengths that were incomparably low . This caused a disparity in their thoughts and actual strength . The only solution that Zhao Hai thought of was to forge them through constant battle during the war . Only when they can accumulate experience would they be able to perfectly control their strength . 1 Now that the Demons were on their way and the Divine Race not far behind, huge battles would surely happen in the future . Zhao Hai would use this opportunity to have his undead acquire ample experience . That way, Zhao Hai can then command an invincible army . Whether it be the Demons or the Divine Race, Zhao Hai would not be afraid anymore . He would even march into the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm in order to eliminate future problems Or you can just let them fight each other inside the Space . cmonbruh





* * *





Chapter 690 – Miscalculation of Time

It didn’t take too long before the fight finished . Although Zhao Hai’s undead suffered when faced with the same 9th rank power, they were completely dominating those who are less ranked . After all, 8th rank and 9th rank were totally different from each other .

After all the dark beasts and undead have been cleaned up, Zhao Hai continued to fly ahead . And before long, they arrived at a valley inside the Demonic Abyss .

At the valley, the first thing that Zhao Hai noticed was the spatial rift . Coming out from the rift were clumps of black gases . Fortunately, this rift wasn’t big, it was only less than a meter long and a half meter wide . Aside from small people, no bigger creatures can emerge at this time .

With the spatial rift as the center, a huge magic formation was erected, shooting out white radiance now and then . This was the void formation of the Blood Void .

Zhao Hai inspected the spatial crack, he wanted to see how different this rift was compared to the Space’s own . After looking at it for some time, Zhao Hai couldn’t see much of a difference . It was the same floating hole, like a hole in a transparent canvas .

Behind this rift was nothingness, one couldn’t see anything at all . Even light seems to get swallowed by it .

Upon looking further, Zhao Hai noticed that the rift was surrounded by ten Vile Demons . [1]

Zhao Hai was no stranger to Vile Demons, he looked at the ten of them and smiled, “Vile Demons enemies, you can rest assured that I am not here to destroy your formation . However, when you Demons arrive, be sure that I shall be there waiting . ”

Zhao Hai’s attitude shocked the Vile Demons . They were puzzled at Zhao Hai, they couldn’t understand what Zhao Hai meant .

Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled, “There’s no need to be anxious . Usually, I call people with a different race than me, friends or brothers . However, you Demons wanted to invade my Ark Continent, so I had no choice but to call you enemies . But I am indeed sincere in not attacking the Blood Void . I know that there’s no way to stop the





Blood Void, and I also don’t want it to activate ahead of time . Therefore, I shall be leaving you here and I will just wait for you in the surface . ”

The Vile Demons stared blankly at Zhao Hai, then after some time, one of them said, “No matter who you are, you are worthy of our respect . We will defeat you in the battlefield, we’ll make you aware of how strong the Demon Realm is . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, he already knew that although these Demons were battle freaks, they were also people who respected brave warriors . To be clear, they respect brave warriors, not strong experts .

Brave Warriors and Experts have their distinction . A brave warrior isn’t necessarily a strong expert . When faced with an enemy much stronger than yourself but still are willing to fight, then you are a brave warrior . These kinds of people were very well respected by the Demons . For this respect, the Demons would defeat you in an upright manner, there would be no tricks involved .

Berry was also quite surprised at Zhao Hai . She discovered that Zhao Hai actually understood the Demon Realm fully . This made her confused, she didn’t understand how a Human was able to know about the Demon Realm . This was too inconceivable . The Humans haven’t even entered the Demon Realm .

At this time, the head Demon turned to Berry and said, “Berry, why are you together with him? Do you want to betray the Demon Realm?”

Berry looked at the Vile Demon and said, “I didn’t betray the Demon Realm . I am just following the customs of my Succubus Clan . This person managed to break free from my mental attack . Therefore, according to the rule, I shall have to marry this person . ”

When the Vile Demon heard Berry, he couldn’t help but gawk . Of course, the Vile Demon was aware about which rule Berry was talking about . He just didn’t think that Zhao Hai would survive Berry’s attack .

One must know that the Succubi held the most powerful mental attacks in the Demon Realm . Additionally, Berry is a 9th rank Succubus, her mental power was very well known in the Demon Realm . The Vile Demon didn’t think that she would actually lose to





to a Human .

The ten Demons looked at Zhao Hai with envy, then their leader said, “Congratulations, brave Human warrior . You actually managed to get yourself a Succubus as a wife . Human, we shall not attack you as well . Our fight might possibly destroy the Blood Void . You can leave now . Our Demon Army shall fairly defeat you in Demon City . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the ten Demons, he couldn’t help but develop a slight appreciation towards them . However, it was a pity that they are his enemies . Zhao Hai was surprised when the Vile Demon said that the Blood Void might get destroyed if they decided to fight . It seemed like nobody wanted to activate the spatial rift ahead of time .

Zhao Hai looked at the eyes of the Vile Demons, then he nodded and said, “Alright, then I shall be waiting for you in Demon City . Farewell . ” Then Zhao Hai commanded the Bone Dragon to fly out of the Demonic Abyss . The ten Vile Demons stayed true to their promise, they didn’t attack Zhao Hai .

Compared to when he entered, Zhao Hai’s speed of advancement was quite faster . Zhao Hai had calculated that after entering the Demonic Abyss and undergoing battles inside, two days had already passed by . Zhao Hai reckoned that it would only take them half a day to come out .

With this rate, Zhao Hai had already used up four days . In three days, the spatial rift would open and the Demon Race would arrive .

Zhao Hai stood straight on top of the Bone Dragon as he muttered, “Three days, three days . ”

Berry looked puzzled at Zhao Hai as she said, “Three days? Are you expecting the Blood Void to activate in three days? That’s not right, from what I can remember, there is only one day left before the Blood Void activates . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he quickly turned his head to Berry as words came flooding out of his mouth, “One day? How could it be one day? Doesn’t the Blood Void activate after seven days?”

Berry nodded, “Right, it takes seven days . The countdown starts the moment the blood formation gets moistened by blood . From what I can remember, five days have already passed since then . After a bit





a bit more than a day, the Blood Void would activate . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but from upon hearing Berry . He kept thinking about why Berry would say that only a day was left . Did he go wrong somewhere?

Suddenly, Zhao Hai thought about where he slipped . He had missed the timing of the blood formation . He miscalculated how long the formation had been running before he arrived at Accra Mountain . The formation started the moment Zhao Hai began killing the beasts in the mountain, not when he discovered the formation .

If Zhao Hai took that thought into account, then the Blood Void really only had one day left to activate . In a day’s time, the Demons would be coming out of the spatial rift .

Zhao Hai regretfully tapped his own head . He didn’t think that he would miscalculate this matter . This shouldn’t be happening, it was his fault . He immediately had the Bone Dragon pick up its speed to return to Demon City as soon as possible . Upon reaching the city, Zhao Hai was met with the gazes of the Adventurers and Mercenaries . All of them looked at Tywin and the others in envy, they didn’t think that the Gan Family would be able to establish a relationship with Zhao Hai in a short period of time .

Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to act low-key right now as he flew directly towards the General’s residence . Upon reaching the front door, Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate to enter the room .

The guard in front of the General’s residence naturally didn’t dare to block Zhao Hai . Nobody dared to stop him . After all, Zhao Hai had the highest status here in Demon City . The whole city depended on Zhao Hai to defend against the Demons .

Zhao Hai proceeded to head towards Besmir’s room . At this moment, Besmir was looking at the map . When he heard footsteps and looked up, he didn’t imagine to see Zhao Hai . So he quickly straightened himself up and sid, “Mister, how did your expedition go? The layout of Demon City had already been set up . We’re just waiting for Mister’s undead to settle in . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, as long as the General has adjusted, then I can

then I can feel relief . However, I had made a miscalculation this time . The Demons will be arriving much earlier than we thought . I’m afraid our current layout wouldn’t be good . But since you have already settled in, you can stay put . There’s no need to send word back to the mainland, I shall be taking care of it . ”

Besmir stared, then his expression changed as he immediately asked, “Really? Mister, what happened?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Now’s not the time to explain . I shall be handing the city over to you . The outside matters would be taken care of by me . I’ll be sending word to the major Empires and Races of the continent . As long as you prepare yourselves, then you are good . ”

Besmir nodded, he understood that it really wasn’t the time to be asking . He said, “Alright, then mister can rest assured, the city has already prepared . All the logistics and commands have already been given . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then that’s good . I’ll be leaving first, I still need to inform the mainland . ” Then Zhao Hai hastily left the General’s residence and returned to his own .

After arriving inside the Gan Family’s residence, Zhao Hai released a group of undead and turned to Tywin and said, “These are the undead that we have acquired in the Demonic Abyss . I also took the effort of strengthening them . You can take them under your command . Right, how many undead can you currently control?”

Zhao Hai didn’t know how much undead a regular 9th rank can control . Therefore, he had no choice but to ask . Tywin gave Zhao Hai a bow and said, “Answering the Young Master . Although we had become 9th ranks, we still aren’t accustomed to our new strength . So at this moment, each of us can only control about ten thousand undead . When we get fully adapted, then we can control 20 thousand undead each . ”

It used to be ‘Evil Demon’ but I just made it as Demon, like the one back on Accra Mountain . But I decided to use Vile Demon just in case something crops up later . Lorewise, Vile Demons are the rulers of the Demon Realm .  Chapter 690 Miscalculation of Time It didn t take too long before the fight finished . Although Zhao Hai s undead suffered when faced with the same 9th rank power, they were completely dominating those who are less ranked . After all, 8th rank and 9th rank were totally different from each other . After all the dark beasts and undead have been cleaned up, Zhao Hai continued to fly ahead . And before long, they arrived at a valley inside the Demonic Abyss . At the valley, the first thing that Zhao Hai noticed was the spatial rift . Coming out from the rift were clumps of black gases . Fortunately, this rift wasn t big, it was only less than a meter long and a half meter wide . Aside from small people, no bigger creatures can emerge at this time . With the spatial rift as the center, a huge magic formation was erected, shooting out white radiance now and then . This was the void formation of the Blood Void . Zhao Hai inspected the spatial crack, he wanted to see how different this rift was compared to the Space s own . After looking at it for some time, Zhao Hai couldn t see much of a difference . It was the same floating hole, like a hole in a transparent canvas . Behind this rift was nothingness, one couldn t see anything at all . Even light seems to get swallowed by it . Upon looking further, Zhao Hai noticed that the rift was surrounded by ten Vile Demons . 1 Zhao Hai was no stranger to Vile Demons, he looked at the ten of them and smiled, Vile Demons enemies, you can rest assured that I am not here to destroy your formation . However, when you Demons arrive, be sure that I shall be there waiting . Zhao Hai s attitude shocked the Vile Demons . They were puzzled at Zhao Hai, they couldn t understand what Zhao Hai meant . Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled, There s no need to be anxious . Usually, I call people with a different race than me, friends or brothers . However, you Demons wanted to invade my Ark Continent, so I had no choice but to call you enemies . But I am indeed sincere in not attacking the Blood Void . I know that there s no way to stop the Blood Void, and I also don t want it to activate ahead of time . Therefore, I shall be leaving you here and I will just wait for you in the surface . The Vile Demons stared blankly at Zhao Hai, then after some time, one of them said, No matter who you are, you are worthy of our respect . We will defeat you in the battlefield, we ll make you aware of how strong the Demon Realm is . Zhao Hai smiled faintly, he already knew that although these Demons were battle freaks, they were also people who respected brave warriors . To be clear, they respect brave warriors, not strong experts . Brave Warriors and Experts have their distinction . A brave warrior isn t necessarily a strong expert . When faced with an enemy much stronger than yourself but still are willing to fight, then you are a brave warrior . These kinds of people were very well respected by the Demons . For this respect, the Demons would defeat you in an upright manner, there would be no tricks involved . Berry was also quite surprised at Zhao Hai . She discovered that Zhao Hai actually understood the Demon Realm fully . This made her confused, she didn t understand how a Human was able to know about the Demon Realm . This was too inconceivable . The Humans haven t even entered the Demon Realm . At this time, the head Demon turned to Berry and said, Berry, why are you together with him Do you want to betray the Demon Realm Berry looked at the Vile Demon and said, I didn t betray the Demon Realm . I am just following the customs of my Succubus Clan . This person managed to break free from my mental attack . Therefore, according to the rule, I shall have to marry this person . When the Vile Demon heard Berry, he couldn t help but gawk . Of course, the Vile Demon was aware about which rule Berry was talking about . He just didn t think that Zhao Hai would survive Berry s attack . One must know that the Succubi held the most powerful mental attacks in the Demon Realm . Additionally, Berry is a 9th rank Succubus, her mental power was very well known in the Demon Realm . The Vile Demon didn t think that she would actually lose to a Human . The ten Demons looked at Zhao Hai with envy, then their leader said, Congratulations, brave Human warrior . You actually managed to get yourself a Succubus as a wife . Human, we shall not attack you as well . Our fight might possibly destroy the Blood Void . You can leave now . Our Demon Army shall fairly defeat you in Demon City . Zhao Hai looked at the ten Demons, he couldn t help but develop a slight appreciation towards them . However, it was a pity that they are his enemies . Zhao Hai was surprised when the Vile Demon said that the Blood Void might get destroyed if they decided to fight . It seemed like nobody wanted to activate the spatial rift ahead of time . Zhao Hai looked at the eyes of the Vile Demons, then he nodded and said, Alright, then I shall be waiting for you in Demon City . Farewell . Then Zhao Hai commanded the Bone Dragon to fly out of the Demonic Abyss . The ten Vile Demons stayed true to their promise, they didn t attack Zhao Hai . Compared to when he entered, Zhao Hai s speed of advancement was quite faster . Zhao Hai had calculated that after entering the Demonic Abyss and undergoing battles inside, two days had already passed by . Zhao Hai reckoned that it would only take them half a day to come out . With this rate, Zhao Hai had already used up four days . In three days, the spatial rift would open and the Demon Race would arrive . Zhao Hai stood straight on top of the Bone Dragon as he muttered, Three days, three days . Berry looked puzzled at Zhao Hai as she said, Three days Are you expecting the Blood Void to activate in three days That s not right, from what I can remember, there is only one day left before the Blood Void activates . Zhao Hai stared, he quickly turned his head to Berry as words came flooding out of his mouth, One day How could it be one day Doesn t the Blood Void activate after seven days Berry nodded, Right, it takes seven days . The countdown starts the moment the blood formation gets moistened by blood . From what I can remember, five days have already passed since then . After a bit more than a day, the Blood Void would activate . Zhao Hai couldn t help but from upon hearing Berry . He kept thinking about why Berry would say that only a day was left . Did he go wrong somewhere Suddenly, Zhao Hai thought about where he slipped . He had missed the timing of the blood formation . He miscalculated how long the formation had been running before he arrived at Accra Mountain . The formation started the moment Zhao Hai began killing the beasts in the mountain, not when he discovered the formation . If Zhao Hai took that thought into account, then the Blood Void really only had one day left to activate . In a day s time, the Demons would be coming out of the spatial rift . Zhao Hai regretfully tapped his own head . He didn t think that he would miscalculate this matter . This shouldn t be happening, it was his fault . He immediately had the Bone Dragon pick up its speed to return to Demon City as soon as possible . Upon reaching the city, Zhao Hai was met with the gazes of the Adventurers and Mercenaries . All of them looked at Tywin and the others in envy, they didn t think that the Gan Family would be able to establish a relationship with Zhao Hai in a short period of time . Zhao Hai wasn t in the mood to act low key right now as he flew directly towards the General s residence . Upon reaching the front door, Zhao Hai didn t hesitate to enter the room . The guard in front of the General s residence naturally didn t dare to block Zhao Hai . Nobody dared to stop him . After all, Zhao Hai had the highest status here in Demon City . The whole city depended on Zhao Hai to defend against the Demons . Zhao Hai proceeded to head towards Besmir s room . At this moment, Besmir was looking at the map . When he heard footsteps and looked up, he didn t imagine to see Zhao Hai . So he quickly straightened himself up and sid, Mister, how did your expedition go The layout of Demon City had already been set up . We re just waiting for Mister s undead to settle in . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, as long as the General has adjusted, then I can feel relief . However, I had made a miscalculation this time . The Demons will be arriving much earlier than we thought . I m afraid our current layout wouldn t be good . But since you have already settled in, you can stay put . There s no need to send word back to the mainland, I shall be taking care of it . Besmir stared, then his expression changed as he immediately asked, Really Mister, what happened Zhao Hai shook his head and said, Now s not the time to explain . I shall be handing the city over to you . The outside matters would be taken care of by me . I ll be sending word to the major Empires and Races of the continent . As long as you prepare yourselves, then you are good . Besmir nodded, he understood that it really wasn t the time to be asking . He said, Alright, then mister can rest assured, the city has already prepared . All the logistics and commands have already been given . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Then that s good . I ll be leaving first, I still need to inform the mainland . Then Zhao Hai hastily left the General s residence and returned to his own . After arriving inside the Gan Family s residence, Zhao Hai released a group of undead and turned to Tywin and said, These are the undead that we have acquired in the Demonic Abyss . I also took the effort of strengthening them . You can take them under your command . Right, how many undead can you currently control Zhao Hai didn t know how much undead a regular 9th rank can control . Therefore, he had no choice but to ask . Tywin gave Zhao Hai a bow and said, Answering the Young Master . Although we had become 9th ranks, we still aren t accustomed to our new strength . So at this moment, each of us can only control about ten thousand undead . When we get fully adapted, then we can control 20 thousand undead each . It used to be Evil Demon but I just made it as Demon, like the one back on Accra Mountain . But I decided to use Vile Demon just in case something crops up later . Lorewise, Vile Demons are the rulers of the Demon Realm .





* * *





Chapter 691 – Preparation

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Even if that’s not a lot, it isn’t little either . Alright, then we’ll head outside the city and have you control these undead . After everyone subdues enough undead, I shall be heading to do other matters . ”

Naturally, Tywin and the others didn’t oppose to this . After all, this was very good for them . They never thought that Zhao Hai would harm them anyway . At this point, they have become true followers of Zhao Hai . If Zhao Hai wanted to harm them, then he wouldn’t have made them 9th ranks . Zhao Hai had their complete trust .

Zhao Hai quickly led the group outside Demon City . Then he released large quantities of undead . Among these undead were the ones they obtained from the Demonic Abyss, there were both human-shaped and beast-shaped undead, but this didn’t matter for Dark Mages . Naturally, although the undead have been subdued, Zhao Hai can still override the commands of the Gan Family Dark Mages . As far as Zhao Hai knew, he was just commanding the undead to follow the Gan Family’s orders .

Since Zhao Hai ordered them, the transition of control for the undead came very smoothly . Otherwise, Tywin and the others wouldn’t have done it . After all, the undead were 9th ranks as well .

It didn’t take long before the undead were controlled . Zhao Hai looked at Tywin and said, “You are already quite familiar with the surroundings here . So I’ll leave the deployment of the undead to you . We should be done preparing before the Demons arrive tomorrow . I’ll be returning to the city in order to handle other matters . ”

Tywin immediately replied, “Young Master, let me go back with you . I am very familiar with Demon City . I can assist you with the minute things, saving you the trouble of doing them . ”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “You stay here . I’m just going back to your residence to take a rest, I’ll come back here later . You don’t need to worry about me . ”

Tywin didn’t say anything more, he just nodded . After that, Zhao Hai returned to the city and then entered the Gan Family’s residence . Berry was still right by him .

When Zhao Hai entered the Gan Family’s residence, he turned





to Berry and said, “Berry, if you are really determined to be with me, then I will lead to see my wives now . I shall not be impartial in treating you . I just hope that you can live together with them harmoniously . Can you do that?”

Berry looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You are the man that I chose . Naturally, I will listen to your words . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then I shall show you my biggest secret . ” Then along with Berry, Zhao Hai’s body flashed as he entered the Space .

Berry couldn’t help but stare blankly at the scenery in the Space . Although the Demons had always thought about how beautiful the Ark Continent was, Berry still lived in the Demon Realm for all of her life . She had also seen Demon City, however, since the place was made in order to survey the Demonic Abyss, there wasn’t much to see . On the other hand, the scenery inside the Space was very beautiful, even in the Ark Continent’s standards . For someone who lived in the Demon Realm since birth, it wasn’t a wonder for Berry to be enthralled by the Space’s scenery .

At this time, the door of the villa opened as Laura and the others walked out . The women had already learned about the Succubus clan from Cai’er . To be honest, they were somewhat jealous . However, they weren’t stingy, they didn’t wish misfortune on this new arrival . Because of this, they had decided to treat Berry well .

Actually, Laura and the others’ reaction was something that Zhao Hai used to be surprised at . Zhao Hai had read a lot of novels back on Earth . And in all of those novels, women were always jealous whenever a new female arrives . However, it seems like Laura and the others didn’t seem to look jealous . This made Zhao Hai unable to understand what they were thinking .

Later on, Zhao Hai asked Laura why they weren’t jealous . But he was just met with strange looks from Laura and the others . Then Zhao Hai got his answer; in the continent, even a man with little skill would have more than one wife . In fact, if they were to think about it, with Zhao Hai’s status, his number of wives was actually very small .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but





but smile bitterly upon hearing this response . He had been stuck with his Earth mentality and was still unable to adapt to the Ark Continent . On Earth, everyone was unanimously leaning towards monogamy . On the other hand, in Ark Continent, it was simply normal for a man to have several wives .

Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t surprised when he saw his wives’ current response . He nodded to Laura and the others and then turned to Berry, “Berry, these are my wives, Laura, Megan, Meg, Lizzy, and Ni’er . You must go along with them later on . You’ll be living with them from now on too . They will also introduce to you everything that is here . ”

Berry nodded, although she still had her cold expression, Zhao Hai can see that she had a look of dependence in her eyes .

Zhao Hai understood that this was a natural reaction from Berry . She has been living alone in the Demon Realm all her life . In this new environment, she couldn’t help but do her best to adapt . And now that she had Zhao Hai as her husband, it wasn’t strange for her to depend on him .

Zhao Hai smiled and Berry and said, “There’s no need to be worried here . This is my Space, as long as I don’t give my permission, nobody would be able to come here . Rest assured, there will be no problems here . ”

Berry nodded, then Laura went towards her and said, “Berry, don’t worry, Brother Hai is a good person . Later on, we’ll be sisters living together . Come with me, I shall tell you everything there is in this mysterious Space . ” Then she pulled Berry over towards the Villa .

Berry didn’t react too much as she followed Laura towards the villa . However, when they reached the entrance, Berry couldn’t help but stop . She looked at the villa and couldn’t help but change her expression, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what’s this all about?”[1]

Zhao Hai stared, then he said, “What? Is there something wrong?”

Berry pointed towards the seven-colored flower that covered the entirety of the villa, her finger trembling while doing so . When Zhao Hai saw her pointing towards the seven-colored flower, he understood what she meant . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but chuckle as he said, “Oh, you mean Cai’er? You should be familiar with





familiar with this plant, right?”

Berry nodded and said, “I’m quite familiar with it, however, why is the Holy Flower growing here? This flower only grows in the Demon Realm, how can it appear in this place?”

Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “Cai’er, come out and see Berry . Introduce yourself” Then Zhao Hai felt wings lightly flapping right by his face as Cai’er appeared . “Young Master, you always make me do a lot of things . I’m quite busy, you know? Unlike you who are living a relaxed life every day . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to Berry and said, “Berry, this is Cai’er, the flower sprite of the seven-colored flower . She is also the main body of the seven-colored flower that you have been seeing in the Demon Realm . ”

Berry stared at Cai’er as Cai’er looked back . Then Cai’er smiled and said, “What? Shocked, little Succubus? In your Demon Realm, you should have spotted my flowers everywhere . Hehe . Small Succubus, your kind had always underestimated my existence . I’ll let you know that I am the longest living being in the Demon Realm, and also the most influential . All of the seven-colored flower that you had seen are all my branches . ”[2]

Berry was blankly staring as she listened to Cai’er’s words . After some time, she recovered and turned to Zhao Haim, “Brother Hai, is this true?”

Zhao Hai nodded and then smiled, “It’s true . The reason I know about the Demon Realm was because of Cai’er . Alright, you’ll find out about more things as you explore the Space later on . Let’s enter the living room for now, we still have some things to discuss . ” Then the group entered the villa .

Upon entering the villa, Zhao Hai immediately cycled through his messenger fishes as he gave the various Patriarchs and Monarchs of the continent a message, informing them that the war would come earlier than they expected . At the same time, Zhao Hai also gave the Buddha Emperor instructions to prepare his citizens to migrate . Also, Zhao Hai ordered Evan and Ruyen to reinforce the border between the Buddha and Lyon Empire while allowing passage for the Buddha Empire refugees as well as to take care of them properly .

Of course, this wasn’t an easy thing for an Empire to do . But fortunately, Zhao Hai already made ample preparations . At this time, the Buddha Empire’s migration towards

Empire’s migration towards the Lyon Empire was already well organized .

One shouldn’t underestimate this mass migration . There were a lot of matters involved in such a movement . Especially in terms of food and lodging for the refugees .

Fortunately, Zhao Hai has the Space, supplying all of the much needed grain . As for lodging, the Lyon Empire doesn’t lack it . This made the job twice as efficient with half of the effort .

Although the Buddha Emperor wasn’t willing to evacuate his entire Empire, he also understood that the Demons couldn’t be easily dealt with . If he insisted for his people to stay, then the Demons would only kill them . Therefore, he had no choice by to agree to Zhao Hai’s plan .

At the same time, the Dwarves and the Elves had prepared themselves . Zhao Hai shifted all of the valuable Dwarf materials over to the Black Wasteland . However, the Dwarves weren’t planning to fully evacuate out of their mountain . They wanted to use the mountain to ambush the Demons . Naturally, those who stayed in the mountain were the Dwarven Warriors . The women and children were already sent to the Black Wasteland . There was no other way, after all, the Dwarves were inside the Buddha Empire, which was quite close to the Demonic Abyss .

The Elves did the same, those who had no fighting power were all sent to the Black Wasteland while the Elven Warriors stayed . They were prepared to use the forest in order to combat the Demon Race .

Zhao Hai was quite assured when it came to these two races . Their fighting powers weren’t weak, and additionally, they had terrain advantage, giving them huge benefits during the war . Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about them .

On the other hand, there were currently a lot of people in the Black Wasteland . It would take a long time for these people to be settled down . Fortunately, Zhao Hai has the Space . He can just easily transport Beastmen tents for them to live in, allowing the construction of houses to slowly proceed .

Its supposed to be “Elder Brother Hai” . However, I have this inclination that Berry is much much older than Zhao Hai . xD” First time I knew this :/ As for the ‘influential’ part, I think it’s about how seven-colored flowers are the staple food in the Demon realm .  Chapter 691 Preparation Zhao Hai nodded and said, Even if that s not a lot, it isn t little either . Alright, then we ll head outside the city and have you control these undead . After everyone subdues enough undead, I shall be heading to do other matters . Naturally, Tywin and the others didn t oppose to this . After all, this was very good for them . They never thought that Zhao Hai would harm them anyway . At this point, they have become true followers of Zhao Hai . If Zhao Hai wanted to harm them, then he wouldn t have made them 9th ranks . Zhao Hai had their complete trust . Zhao Hai quickly led the group outside Demon City . Then he released large quantities of undead . Among these undead were the ones they obtained from the Demonic Abyss, there were both human shaped and beast shaped undead, but this didn t matter for Dark Mages . Naturally, although the undead have been subdued, Zhao Hai can still override the commands of the Gan Family Dark Mages . As far as Zhao Hai knew, he was just commanding the undead to follow the Gan Family s orders . Since Zhao Hai ordered them, the transition of control for the undead came very smoothly . Otherwise, Tywin and the others wouldn t have done it . After all, the undead were 9th ranks as well . It didn t take long before the undead were controlled . Zhao Hai looked at Tywin and said, You are already quite familiar with the surroundings here . So I ll leave the deployment of the undead to you . We should be done preparing before the Demons arrive tomorrow . I ll be returning to the city in order to handle other matters . Tywin immediately replied, Young Master, let me go back with you . I am very familiar with Demon City . I can assist you with the minute things, saving you the trouble of doing them . Zhao Hai shook his head and said, You stay here . I m just going back to your residence to take a rest, I ll come back here later . You don t need to worry about me . Tywin didn t say anything more, he just nodded . After that, Zhao Hai returned to the city and then entered the Gan Family s residence . Berry was still right by him . When Zhao Hai entered the Gan Family s residence, he turned to Berry and said, Berry, if you are really determined to be with me, then I will lead to see my wives now . I shall not be impartial in treating you . I just hope that you can live together with them harmoniously . Can you do that Berry looked at Zhao Hai and said, You are the man that I chose . Naturally, I will listen to your words . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, then I shall show you my biggest secret . Then along with Berry, Zhao Hai s body flashed as he entered the Space . Berry couldn t help but stare blankly at the scenery in the Space . Although the Demons had always thought about how beautiful the Ark Continent was, Berry still lived in the Demon Realm for all of her life . She had also seen Demon City, however, since the place was made in order to survey the Demonic Abyss, there wasn t much to see . On the other hand, the scenery inside the Space was very beautiful, even in the Ark Continent s standards . For someone who lived in the Demon Realm since birth, it wasn t a wonder for Berry to be enthralled by the Space s scenery . At this time, the door of the villa opened as Laura and the others walked out . The women had already learned about the Succubus clan from Cai er . To be honest, they were somewhat jealous . However, they weren t stingy, they didn t wish misfortune on this new arrival . Because of this, they had decided to treat Berry well . Actually, Laura and the others reaction was something that Zhao Hai used to be surprised at . Zhao Hai had read a lot of novels back on Earth . And in all of those novels, women were always jealous whenever a new female arrives . However, it seems like Laura and the others didn t seem to look jealous . This made Zhao Hai unable to understand what they were thinking . Later on, Zhao Hai asked Laura why they weren t jealous . But he was just met with strange looks from Laura and the others . Then Zhao Hai got his answer in the continent, even a man with little skill would have more than one wife . In fact, if they were to think about it, with Zhao Hai s status, his number of wives was actually very small . Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile bitterly upon hearing this response . He had been stuck with his Earth mentality and was still unable to adapt to the Ark Continent . On Earth, everyone was unanimously leaning towards monogamy . On the other hand, in Ark Continent, it was simply normal for a man to have several wives . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn t surprised when he saw his wives current response . He nodded to Laura and the others and then turned to Berry, Berry, these are my wives, Laura, Megan, Meg, Lizzy, and Ni er . You must go along with them later on . You ll be living with them from now on too . They will also introduce to you everything that is here . Berry nodded, although she still had her cold expression, Zhao Hai can see that she had a look of dependence in her eyes . Zhao Hai understood that this was a natural reaction from Berry . She has been living alone in the Demon Realm all her life . In this new environment, she couldn t help but do her best to adapt . And now that she had Zhao Hai as her husband, it wasn t strange for her to depend on him . Zhao Hai smiled and Berry and said, There s no need to be worried here . This is my Space, as long as I don t give my permission, nobody would be able to come here . Rest assured, there will be no problems here . Berry nodded, then Laura went towards her and said, Berry, don t worry, Brother Hai is a good person . Later on, we ll be sisters living together . Come with me, I shall tell you everything there is in this mysterious Space . Then she pulled Berry over towards the Villa . Berry didn t react too much as she followed Laura towards the villa . However, when they reached the entrance, Berry couldn t help but stop . She looked at the villa and couldn t help but change her expression, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, what s this all about 1 Zhao Hai stared, then he said, What Is there something wrong Berry pointed towards the seven colored flower that covered the entirety of the villa, her finger trembling while doing so . When Zhao Hai saw her pointing towards the seven colored flower, he understood what she meant . Zhao Hai couldn t help but chuckle as he said, Oh, you mean Cai er You should be familiar with this plant, right Berry nodded and said, I m quite familiar with it, however, why is the Holy Flower growing here This flower only grows in the Demon Realm, how can it appear in this place Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, Cai er, come out and see Berry . Introduce yourself Then Zhao Hai felt wings lightly flapping right by his face as Cai er appeared . Young Master, you always make me do a lot of things . I m quite busy, you know Unlike you who are living a relaxed life every day . Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to Berry and said, Berry, this is Cai er, the flower sprite of the seven colored flower . She is also the main body of the seven colored flower that you have been seeing in the Demon Realm . Berry stared at Cai er as Cai er looked back . Then Cai er smiled and said, What Shocked, little Succubus In your Demon Realm, you should have spotted my flowers everywhere . Hehe . Small Succubus, your kind had always underestimated my existence . I ll let you know that I am the longest living being in the Demon Realm, and also the most influential . All of the seven colored flower that you had seen are all my branches . 2 Berry was blankly staring as she listened to Cai er s words . After some time, she recovered and turned to Zhao Haim, Brother Hai, is this true Zhao Hai nodded and then smiled, It s true . The reason I know about the Demon Realm was because of Cai er . Alright, you ll find out about more things as you explore the Space later on . Let s enter the living room for now, we still have some things to discuss . Then the group entered the villa . Upon entering the villa, Zhao Hai immediately cycled through his messenger fishes as he gave the various Patriarchs and Monarchs of the continent a message, informing them that the war would come earlier than they expected . At the same time, Zhao Hai also gave the Buddha Emperor instructions to prepare his citizens to migrate . Also, Zhao Hai ordered Evan and Ruyen to reinforce the border between the Buddha and Lyon Empire while allowing passage for the Buddha Empire refugees as well as to take care of them properly . Of course, this wasn t an easy thing for an Empire to do . But fortunately, Zhao Hai already made ample preparations . At this time, the Buddha Empire s migration towards the Lyon Empire was already well organized . One shouldn t underestimate this mass migration . There were a lot of matters involved in such a movement . Especially in terms of food and lodging for the refugees . Fortunately, Zhao Hai has the Space, supplying all of the much needed grain . As for lodging, the Lyon Empire doesn t lack it . This made the job twice as efficient with half of the effort . Although the Buddha Emperor wasn t willing to evacuate his entire Empire, he also understood that the Demons couldn t be easily dealt with . If he insisted for his people to stay, then the Demons would only kill them . Therefore, he had no choice by to agree to Zhao Hai s plan . At the same time, the Dwarves and the Elves had prepared themselves . Zhao Hai shifted all of the valuable Dwarf materials over to the Black Wasteland . However, the Dwarves weren t planning to fully evacuate out of their mountain . They wanted to use the mountain to ambush the Demons . Naturally, those who stayed in the mountain were the Dwarven Warriors . The women and children were already sent to the Black Wasteland . There was no other way, after all, the Dwarves were inside the Buddha Empire, which was quite close to the Demonic Abyss . The Elves did the same, those who had no fighting power were all sent to the Black Wasteland while the Elven Warriors stayed . They were prepared to use the forest in order to combat the Demon Race . Zhao Hai was quite assured when it came to these two races . Their fighting powers weren t weak, and additionally, they had terrain advantage, giving them huge benefits during the war . Zhao Hai wasn t worried about them . On the other hand, there were currently a lot of people in the Black Wasteland . It would take a long time for these people to be settled down . Fortunately, Zhao Hai has the Space . He can just easily transport Beastmen tents for them to live in, allowing the construction of houses to slowly proceed . Its supposed to be Elder Brother Hai . However, I have this inclination that Berry is much much older than Zhao Hai . xD First time I knew this As for the influential part, I think it s about how seven colored flowers are the staple food in the Demon realm .





* * *





Chapter 692 – Demon Dragon King

Zhao Hai was currently standing outside Demon City . Behind him was the city’s walls and in front of him was an army of undead . The undead looked like statues as they stood, unmoving .

Zhao Hai was currently on the back of the Bone Dragon along with Tywin . The undead on the field were all controlled by the Gan Family . Zhao Hai’s undead were yet to be released .

It has been a day since Zhao Hai communicated with the various Patriarchs and Monarchs of the continent . In the past day, Zhao Hai has been inside the Space, continuously talking to his messenger fishes, coordinating with the everyone and deploying various materials .

It was fortunate that Zhao Hai was able to make the Monarchs and Patriarchs listen to his instructions . These people also understood that if they didn’t follow through, then they would get eliminated by the Demons sooner or later . Therefore, they decided to fully cooperate in this huge operation .

Also, this alliance needed a leader . And since Zhao Hai held special status in all of these groups, he became the de facto leader . Because of his Space, Zhao Hai was able to move massive resources around, giving him the power to dictate when and where people needed to be . This made everyone consult Zhao Hai whenever an important decision needs to be made . At the same time, this also fulfilled the Dwarves’ prophecy, King of Kings .

Zhao Hai didn’t care much about these . To be honest, with regards to resources, he really didn’t have too much of a problem about it . At this point, he had a lot of things in his hand . Adding that to the reserves of the Empires, then Zhao Hai found himself unable to fathom the exact number . On the other hand, Laura and Cai’er were already crunching the numbers as well as allocating everything in behalf of Zhao Hai . At the same time, Megan and Lizzy were conserving their strengths for the upcoming fight with the Demon Race .

On the contrary, Berry was not busy at all . She is currently working with Lizzy on how to command in battle while also familiarizing herself with the situation inside the Space .

The more Berry understood about Zhao Hai’s





space, the more she found it to be mysterious . She already has a few ideas in her mind, however, she didn’t tell it to Zhao Hai at this time .

Zhao Hai was currently waiting in Demon City for the Blood Void’s activation . From what he heard while talking to Berry, the void formation would should be starting quite soon . At this moment, Zhao Hai wanted to see what it looks like when the formation starts .

Tywin and the others were also by Zhao Hai’s side . Their expression of anxiety couldn’t be hidden as they gazed towards the Demonic Abyss . They knew that the fight would start soon, they couldn’t help but feel anxious .

Zhao Hai turned his head towards the city walls and looked at the soldiers, they were anxious as well . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh, although the war with the Demons happened tens of thousands of years ago, legends about the Demons were still prevalent in Human societies . It was told that Demons were overbearing, lusted for blood, and powerful . All of these descriptions had slowly crept up on these soldier’s minds, making them very nervous .

However, Zhao Hai couldn’t do anything much but wait . Zhao Hai sighed before sitting on the Bone Dragon’s head . Then he took out a small table, a bottle of wine, and a wine glass as he continued on with his thoughts .

When the soldiers on the walls saw Zhao Hai’s action, they couldn’t help but stare . Then their expression loosened . In their minds, Zhao Hai had already become the main pillar of support . Zhao Hai’s calmness had affected them as well, making the pressure in their minds slowly ease up .

At this moment, a very fierce vibration suddenly came from the Demonic Abyss . This vibration shook the terrain, making Demon City’s structures sway .

Zhao Hai seems to have not noticed this as he drank the wine in his glass and muttered, “You’ve finally come . I had been waiting for half of the day . ”

Just as Zhao Hai said this, a more violent shaking happened, it was as strong as an earthquake . Then black fog started to come out of the abyss as it slowly covered the skies above it .

Zhao Hai looked at the black clouds as he





he smiled faintly and said, “Magnificent, good, very good . ” Then a fierce rumbling came out as a shockwave came out of the abyss, eradicating everything around it, may it be stone, soil, or plants, turning all of them into powder instantly .

With an intention, Zhao Hai released countless amounts of undead . When the undead appeared, they immediately formed a large green shield in their bodies, protecting themselves as well as those behind them from the shockwave . Demon City as well as the base of operations outside became unaffected by the destructive wave .

And just as Zhao Hai drank from his wine glass, mushroom clouds suddenly came out of the Demonic Abyss!

Zhao Hai can only imagine one thing upon seeing these mushroom clouds, it was an image of a nuclear explosion . He didn’t think that the Blood Void would cause explosions strong enough to cause mushroom clouds to appear .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but mutter, “Is this an illusion? It must be, aren’t the Demons afraid of blowing themselves up?”

Although Tywin and the others were right by Zhao Hai’s side, they still didn’t hear what Zhao Hai just said . They were too enthralled by the mushroom clouds in front of them .

At this time, the Demonic Abyss suddenly changed . A small whirlpool started to appear in the middle of the mushroom clouds . Then this whirlpool continued to grow bigger and bigger as it started to revolve, absorbing all of the dark clouds before all of it vanished .

When the dark fog completely disappeared, Zhao Hai couldn’t’ help but breathe in some cold air . A massive change just happened in the Demonic Abyss . The abyss had become wider and more spacious . At the bottom of the abyss was a huge crack that was suspended half a meter above the ground . At the same time, groups upon groups of Demons slowly appeared from it, rows upon rows of Demonic beings from the Demon Realm .

After the changes in the Demonic Abyss, it has now become a wide flatland . The surrounding cliffs had completely vanished . With how large the flatland was, it was more proper to call it a plain .

It was an incomparably huge plain, and in the middle of it was a huge spatial rift . At the scale of this plain, an army of tens of





tens of millions would fit to be stationed here .

Zhao Hai didn’t expect that the effects of the Blood Void would be this significant . One must know that Zhao Hai took two days to fly towards the rift, all of that distance has been affected by the Blood Void . This showed how powerful the formation was .

However, the thing that surprised Zhao Hai the most was the fact that the Demons didn’t immediately attack upon coming out of the spatial rift . Instead, they started to build their base of operations on the flatland right beside the rift .

From the looks of it, it seems like they aren’t just building a camp . They were constructing a city . After seeing this development, Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but turn gloomy .

If the Demons just attacked them after coming out, then Zhao Hai didn’t have anything to worry about . But now that they are constructing a city, this meant that they wanted to establish a base, intending to fight with the Humans for a long time . This wasn’t what Zhao Hai wanted to see .

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he collected his drinking set, then he turned to Tywin and said, “You wait here . ” When Tywin heard this, they immediately jumped down from the Bone Dragon and stayed in mid-air . Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as an innumerable amount of undead appeared . Zhao Hai gave a command, then the undead started to form into a cube before rushing towards the Demon invaders .

When the people on the walls saw what Zhao Hai did, they couldn’t help but gasp . At the same time, the Demons also saw Zhao Hai’s action . They immediately split into teams as some of them flew up to meet Zhao Hai’s approaching undead army .

As the two forces came closer and closer, Zhao Hai discovered that the other party was composed of flying beasts as well as winged Demons . All of them had grotesque looks, but one could see that they had extraordinary strength .

The two forces stopped when they were about a hundred meters away from each other . Zhao Hai directed the Bone Dragon as he slowly got out of the cube formation . At the same time, a small group also went forward from the other party .

This group

.

This group was composed of Vile Demons . All of them were protecting a carriage that was in the middle of their formation . What pulled this carriage wasn’t actually a horse, but Dragons instead .

These Dragons were similar to those back in Accra Mountain . However, their bodies were pitch black as their scales flashed with the same metallic luster . They also have eyes that were red, leaving those who looked at it with a very bad feeling .

The two teams stopped when they were ten meters away from each other . Zhao Hai inspected the carriage, the carriage was actually just the lower half of the structure . There was a throne with beast engravings right on top of the carriage . Sitting right on the throne was a Vile Demon .

Although there wasn’t much difference to how this Vile Demon looked, one could still feel that he was more majestic than the others, just like how a alpha male lion looks like when it was just lying on the ground .

The Vile Demon was similarly inspecting Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai was wearing his Dark Mage Robe as he stood on the head of the Bone Dragon . In his hand was a blood red magic staff . Although his appearance was quite ordinary, his aura was telling a completely different thing . Zhao Hai’s imposing aura wasn’t any less than the VIle Demon himself .

The Vile Demon looked at Zhao Hai, then with his deep voice he said, “Are you Mister Zhao Hai?”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare, he didn’t think that the other party would actually know about him . He smiled faintly and said, “Right, I am Zhao Hai . I didn’t think that His Majesty, the Demon Realm’s Northwestern Monarch, the Dragon Demon King actually knew of my name . This Zhao Hai has been disrespectful . ”

It was the turn of the Dragon Demon King to be surprised, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “My Demon Race has been collecting information regarding the continent for tens of thousands of years . Mister Zhao Hai’s quick rise to prominence naturally couldn’t be ignored . Me knowing Mister’s name isn’t surprising . This one is just curious, Mister, how come you are completely well-informed of the things in my Demon Realm? I wonder if Mister can sate my curiosity?”

 Chapter 692 Demon Dragon King Zhao Hai was currently standing outside Demon City . Behind him was the city s walls and in front of him was an army of undead . The undead looked like statues as they stood, unmoving . Zhao Hai was currently on the back of the Bone Dragon along with Tywin . The undead on the field were all controlled by the Gan Family . Zhao Hai s undead were yet to be released . It has been a day since Zhao Hai communicated with the various Patriarchs and Monarchs of the continent . In the past day, Zhao Hai has been inside the Space, continuously talking to his messenger fishes, coordinating with the everyone and deploying various materials . It was fortunate that Zhao Hai was able to make the Monarchs and Patriarchs listen to his instructions . These people also understood that if they didn t follow through, then they would get eliminated by the Demons sooner or later . Therefore, they decided to fully cooperate in this huge operation . Also, this alliance needed a leader . And since Zhao Hai held special status in all of these groups, he became the de facto leader . Because of his Space, Zhao Hai was able to move massive resources around, giving him the power to dictate when and where people needed to be . This made everyone consult Zhao Hai whenever an important decision needs to be made . At the same time, this also fulfilled the Dwarves prophecy, King of Kings . Zhao Hai didn t care much about these . To be honest, with regards to resources, he really didn t have too much of a problem about it . At this point, he had a lot of things in his hand . Adding that to the reserves of the Empires, then Zhao Hai found himself unable to fathom the exact number . On the other hand, Laura and Cai er were already crunching the numbers as well as allocating everything in behalf of Zhao Hai . At the same time, Megan and Lizzy were conserving their strengths for the upcoming fight with the Demon Race . On the contrary, Berry was not busy at all . She is currently working with Lizzy on how to command in battle while also familiarizing herself with the situation inside the Space . The more Berry understood about Zhao Hai s space, the more she found it to be mysterious . She already has a few ideas in her mind, however, she didn t tell it to Zhao Hai at this time . Zhao Hai was currently waiting in Demon City for the Blood Void s activation . From what he heard while talking to Berry, the void formation would should be starting quite soon . At this moment, Zhao Hai wanted to see what it looks like when the formation starts . Tywin and the others were also by Zhao Hai s side . Their expression of anxiety couldn t be hidden as they gazed towards the Demonic Abyss . They knew that the fight would start soon, they couldn t help but feel anxious . Zhao Hai turned his head towards the city walls and looked at the soldiers, they were anxious as well . Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh, although the war with the Demons happened tens of thousands of years ago, legends about the Demons were still prevalent in Human societies . It was told that Demons were overbearing, lusted for blood, and powerful . All of these descriptions had slowly crept up on these soldier s minds, making them very nervous . However, Zhao Hai couldn t do anything much but wait . Zhao Hai sighed before sitting on the Bone Dragon s head . Then he took out a small table, a bottle of wine, and a wine glass as he continued on with his thoughts . When the soldiers on the walls saw Zhao Hai s action, they couldn t help but stare . Then their expression loosened . In their minds, Zhao Hai had already become the main pillar of support . Zhao Hai s calmness had affected them as well, making the pressure in their minds slowly ease up . At this moment, a very fierce vibration suddenly came from the Demonic Abyss . This vibration shook the terrain, making Demon City s structures sway . Zhao Hai seems to have not noticed this as he drank the wine in his glass and muttered, You ve finally come . I had been waiting for half of the day . Just as Zhao Hai said this, a more violent shaking happened, it was as strong as an earthquake . Then black fog started to come out of the abyss as it slowly covered the skies above it . Zhao Hai looked at the black clouds as he smiled faintly and said, Magnificent, good, very good . Then a fierce rumbling came out as a shockwave came out of the abyss, eradicating everything around it, may it be stone, soil, or plants, turning all of them into powder instantly . With an intention, Zhao Hai released countless amounts of undead . When the undead appeared, they immediately formed a large green shield in their bodies, protecting themselves as well as those behind them from the shockwave . Demon City as well as the base of operations outside became unaffected by the destructive wave . And just as Zhao Hai drank from his wine glass, mushroom clouds suddenly came out of the Demonic Abyss Zhao Hai can only imagine one thing upon seeing these mushroom clouds, it was an image of a nuclear explosion . He didn t think that the Blood Void would cause explosions strong enough to cause mushroom clouds to appear . Zhao Hai couldn t help but mutter, Is this an illusion It must be, aren t the Demons afraid of blowing themselves up Although Tywin and the others were right by Zhao Hai s side, they still didn t hear what Zhao Hai just said . They were too enthralled by the mushroom clouds in front of them . At this time, the Demonic Abyss suddenly changed . A small whirlpool started to appear in the middle of the mushroom clouds . Then this whirlpool continued to grow bigger and bigger as it started to revolve, absorbing all of the dark clouds before all of it vanished . When the dark fog completely disappeared, Zhao Hai couldn t help but breathe in some cold air . A massive change just happened in the Demonic Abyss . The abyss had become wider and more spacious . At the bottom of the abyss was a huge crack that was suspended half a meter above the ground . At the same time, groups upon groups of Demons slowly appeared from it, rows upon rows of Demonic beings from the Demon Realm . After the changes in the Demonic Abyss, it has now become a wide flatland . The surrounding cliffs had completely vanished . With how large the flatland was, it was more proper to call it a plain . It was an incomparably huge plain, and in the middle of it was a huge spatial rift . At the scale of this plain, an army of tens of millions would fit to be stationed here . Zhao Hai didn t expect that the effects of the Blood Void would be this significant . One must know that Zhao Hai took two days to fly towards the rift, all of that distance has been affected by the Blood Void . This showed how powerful the formation was . However, the thing that surprised Zhao Hai the most was the fact that the Demons didn t immediately attack upon coming out of the spatial rift . Instead, they started to build their base of operations on the flatland right beside the rift . From the looks of it, it seems like they aren t just building a camp . They were constructing a city . After seeing this development, Zhao Hai s expression couldn t help but turn gloomy . If the Demons just attacked them after coming out, then Zhao Hai didn t have anything to worry about . But now that they are constructing a city, this meant that they wanted to establish a base, intending to fight with the Humans for a long time . This wasn t what Zhao Hai wanted to see . Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he collected his drinking set, then he turned to Tywin and said, You wait here . When Tywin heard this, they immediately jumped down from the Bone Dragon and stayed in mid air . Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as an innumerable amount of undead appeared . Zhao Hai gave a command, then the undead started to form into a cube before rushing towards the Demon invaders . When the people on the walls saw what Zhao Hai did, they couldn t help but gasp . At the same time, the Demons also saw Zhao Hai s action . They immediately split into teams as some of them flew up to meet Zhao Hai s approaching undead army . As the two forces came closer and closer, Zhao Hai discovered that the other party was composed of flying beasts as well as winged Demons . All of them had grotesque looks, but one could see that they had extraordinary strength . The two forces stopped when they were about a hundred meters away from each other . Zhao Hai directed the Bone Dragon as he slowly got out of the cube formation . At the same time, a small group also went forward from the other party . This group was composed of Vile Demons . All of them were protecting a carriage that was in the middle of their formation . What pulled this carriage wasn t actually a horse, but Dragons instead . These Dragons were similar to those back in Accra Mountain . However, their bodies were pitch black as their scales flashed with the same metallic luster . They also have eyes that were red, leaving those who looked at it with a very bad feeling . The two teams stopped when they were ten meters away from each other . Zhao Hai inspected the carriage, the carriage was actually just the lower half of the structure . There was a throne with beast engravings right on top of the carriage . Sitting right on the throne was a Vile Demon . Although there wasn t much difference to how this Vile Demon looked, one could still feel that he was more majestic than the others, just like how a alpha male lion looks like when it was just lying on the ground . The Vile Demon was similarly inspecting Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai was wearing his Dark Mage Robe as he stood on the head of the Bone Dragon . In his hand was a blood red magic staff . Although his appearance was quite ordinary, his aura was telling a completely different thing . Zhao Hai s imposing aura wasn t any less than the VIle Demon himself . The Vile Demon looked at Zhao Hai, then with his deep voice he said, Are you Mister Zhao Hai Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare, he didn t think that the other party would actually know about him . He smiled faintly and said, Right, I am Zhao Hai . I didn t think that His Majesty, the Demon Realm s Northwestern Monarch, the Dragon Demon King actually knew of my name . This Zhao Hai has been disrespectful . It was the turn of the Dragon Demon King to be surprised, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, My Demon Race has been collecting information regarding the continent for tens of thousands of years . Mister Zhao Hai s quick rise to prominence naturally couldn t be ignored . Me knowing Mister s name isn t surprising . This one is just curious, Mister, how come you are completely well informed of the things in my Demon Realm I wonder if Mister can sate my curiosity





* * *





Chapter 693 – Fight

When Zhao Hai heard the Demon Dragon King, he couldn’t help but smile faintly and said, “You Majesty, didn’t your subordinates tell you? I just got the Succubus Berry as my wife . ”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but stare for a moment before he laughed and said, “This King forgot . Hahaha . To be honest, this King is quite envious of Mister Zhao Hai’s luck . It’s not easy to subdue a Succubus to become your wife . Mister is truly lucky . ”

Zhao Hai certainly would not tell the Demon Dragon King that it was Cai’er who told him all about the Demon Realm . To be honest, Zhao Hai was quite sympathetic towards these Demons . If they only chose to come peacefully, then Zhao Hai will not stop them . However, instead of doing things peacefully, they chose to do war . Although Zhao Hai disliked wars, he certainly wasn’t afraid of it .

Because of this, Zhao Hai chose to lead an army to resist the Demons rather than have Cai’er deal with them . If Zhao Hai were to make Cai’er deal with the Demon Race, he could just make her withdraw all of her branches there . In time, the Demon Realm would possibly enter an extremely severe food crisis .

Zhao Hai didn’t want to starve the entire Demon Realm, so he decided to just fight the Demons in a straightforward way . At the same time, he was also unwilling to expose Cai’er’s identity since it may have a bad influence on her branches .

Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and smiled, “Your Majesty has a Succubus as a wife as well, there’s no reason for you to envy me . Right, Your Majesty came as a vanguard, there should be no need to build a city, right?”

The Demon Dragon King looked deeply into Zhao Hai and said, “Mister might know a lot about the Demon Realm, but this time you are mistaken . We decided to build this city so that we can have our own base in the Ark Continent . No matter how much you natives would like us to go away, you would have no other choice but recognize the existence of our Demon Race . ”

Zhao Hai shook his head as he smiled faintly and said, “We can actually recognize your





presence, however, it seems like you don’t like us being here . To be honest, the Ark Continent is too small compared to the Demon Realm, all of you cannot just transfer over here . This made me wonder why you even wanted to wage war . ”

When he heard Zhao Hai, the Demon Dragon King seemed to turn mad as he shouted, “Why we go to war? Why?! It’s because of lesser creatures being able to occupy such a beautiful land while we Demons get to experience such a hellish landscape . This land should belong to the Demon Race! Anyone who dared to stop us will die!”

Zhao Hai looked at the expression of the Demon King and sighed, he knew that talking would only get this far . He looked calmly at the Demon Dragon King and said, “Then it’s war!”

But before Zhao Hai gets to command his army, he gets interrupted by the Demon King who said, “Mister, wait . Do you really want to become an enemy to the Demon Race? Mister is a Dark Mage, your kind had always been suppressed in the Ark Continent . At the same time, your belief in the God of Darkness is no different to our faith for the Demon God . How about mister joins our side, and together we shall conquer the entire continent . With Mister’s strength, as long as you help us occupy the continent, then we would surely give you a very high rank . ”

Zhao Hai stared at the Demon Dragon King, then after a moment he suddenly laughed, “I want to thank Your Majesty’s good intentions . However, this Zhao Hai already considers himself as a person of the Ark Continent . Although there are friction between the powers in the continent, all of us share the same resistance against being slaves or being exterminated . Even if the Demons or the Divine Race make out continent’s rivers turn red, we would still continue to fight on until the very end!” Zhao Hai expressed his thoughts, as well as the conviction of the entire continent .

The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai, his expression turned ugly as he said, “Mister’s words truly enraged this King . Then from now on, the entire Demon Race and I shall be your mortal enemies!” Then the Demon Dragon King waved his hand as the Dragons that were pulling his carriage issued a loud





loud roar . After that, the Demons around the carriage charged towards Zhao Hai . It seems like they wanted to eliminate him here and now .

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he waved his hand . The Bone Dragon retreated back as the other undead pressed on forward, blocking every attack coming towards Zhao Hai .

The Demon Dragon King slowly turned back as well . In fights like these, the superiors would naturally refrain from engaging in the initial clash . It just didn’t conform to their status .

Before long, the undead and the Demons clashed, their strengths were unexpectedly the same . When the Demon Dragon King saw this, he couldn’t help but knit his eyebrows . Although they had collected a lot of information pertaining to Zhao Hai, it seems like they still underestimated him . The Demon King didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this difficult to deal with .

There were also some races in the Demon Realm who were able to control the undead . This was because the Demon Realm was a very good environment for the evolution of undead . Therefore, this made the undead of the realm very strong . Making them one of the main battle forces of the Demon Realm .

Naturally, the undead couldn’t be the true battle army of the Demon Realm . Although undead could be controlled by races, there was only one race that can command them with great complexity, and it was the Demon Realm’s Lich Race .

The Lich Race was very special in that they were extremely low in population . Moreover, they were quite mysterious . However, they were just the Demon Realm’s version of the true Lich Race .

The True Lich race were legendary beings of the underworld . They were creatures that only existed in soul form and couldn’t be harmed by physical attacks . All of them were innately talented in Dark Magic . In the past, there was a Dark Mage that was able to summon a true Lich . That Lich had wisdom that was no lesser than a Human . At the same time, it was also not willing to be under the control of a Human . This caused a backlash on its summoner . This was also the time where people came to know of their existence .

On the other hand,





other hand, the Demon Realm’s Lich Race was actually just a type of Demon that possess half of a soul form . This meant that they were still susceptible to material attacks . However, their bodies still had a strange ability of going ethereal when an attack arrives, greatly minimizing the damage done to it . This ethereal form can only be achieved for a short time, and cannot be used continuously as well . Therefore, they were called the Demon Realm’s Lich Race .

The fighting strength of a Lich is no worse than a Vile Demon . The only reason why they weren’t rulers of the Demon Realm was because of their low population . It was estimated that the entire Demon Realm only had around ten thousand Lich .

The entire Demon Realm was so big, and for the number of Lich to only be ten thousand was something that baffled a lot of people . However, since each one of them were very strong, nobody dared to annoy them . Even the Vile Demons would act polite towards these beings . The Lich were able to control a large amount of undead . As to how much, nobody really knew . What they only knew was that a extremely formidable Lich appeared a long time ago . That Lich was able to control an astonishing 1 million undead and controlled them in order to annoy the Vile Demons . It was precisely because of its actions that the Vile Demons decided to sent troops in order to deal with the Lich .

In order to kill this Lich, the Vile Demons sent an army of 3 million . In the end, of the 3 million, only 850 thousand managed to survive . At the same time, the battle also made the Vile Demons lose 20 9th rank experts . This battle was a testament of how powerful the Lich were .

And while the Vile Demons were surrounding this Lich, they were also able to witness the prowess of the Lich’s undead . The undead were quite strong, majority of them had 7th to 8th rank strength . Additionally, these undead were unafraid to die in battle . This fearlessness was something that even the Vile Demons were unable to emulate . This event made the Lich Race untouchables in the Demon Realm .

In the beginning, the Demon Dragon

the Demon Dragon King thought that the Demon Realm made the most powerful undead . After all, the constant battle in the Realm was the best catalyst in creating formidable undead . However, the Demon Dragon King eventually found fault in this belief . Zhao Hai’s undead were actually more formidable than the undead in the Demon Realm . They even managed to achieve 9th rank strength .

One must know that the Demons were beings that grew up in battle, this gave them formidable fighting power . Even if they were still 8th ranks, each Demon can easily exhibit 9th rank strength . 8th ranks of the Ark Continent were completely unable to contend with 9th rank Demons .

This time, since the Demon Dragon King acted as the vanguard of the Demon Realm, he was tasked with building the city in order to establish a foothold for the Demon Race . Because of this, not only was he given powerful Vile Demons to command, the other races of the Demon Realm also sent their elites for him to use . This made the vanguard army much more powerful than average Demon armies .

However, such an elite army actually fought to a draw with Zhao Hai’s undead . It was no wonder that the Demon Dragon King was surprised .

Zhao Hai looked calmly at the battle in front of him . He was using this battle in order to gauge the strength of the Demon Army . It was quite obvious that these Demons weren’t 9th ranks, but their strength was still very strong . They were actually able to fight evenly with the 9th rank undead . Although there was still a small gap between them, the mere fact that they lasted this long was already quite surprising .

While the battle progressed on, Zhao Hai’s mood had turned heavier and heavier . If this was the strength of their 8th ranks, then what can be said about their 9th ranks? It seems like the fight with the Demon Realm wouldn’t go smoothly as what he thought .

The two sides proceeded to strangle each other in the air . Zhao Hai’s undead always fought head-on with the opposing Demons . And these Demons were no stranger to this kind of battle . They even managed to make a formation in the air while fighting with the undead .

 Chapter 693 Fight When Zhao Hai heard the Demon Dragon King, he couldn t help but smile faintly and said, You Majesty, didn t your subordinates tell you I just got the Succubus Berry as my wife . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Demon Dragon King couldn t help but stare for a moment before he laughed and said, This King forgot . Hahaha . To be honest, this King is quite envious of Mister Zhao Hai s luck . It s not easy to subdue a Succubus to become your wife . Mister is truly lucky . Zhao Hai certainly would not tell the Demon Dragon King that it was Cai er who told him all about the Demon Realm . To be honest, Zhao Hai was quite sympathetic towards these Demons . If they only chose to come peacefully, then Zhao Hai will not stop them . However, instead of doing things peacefully, they chose to do war . Although Zhao Hai disliked wars, he certainly wasn t afraid of it . Because of this, Zhao Hai chose to lead an army to resist the Demons rather than have Cai er deal with them . If Zhao Hai were to make Cai er deal with the Demon Race, he could just make her withdraw all of her branches there . In time, the Demon Realm would possibly enter an extremely severe food crisis . Zhao Hai didn t want to starve the entire Demon Realm, so he decided to just fight the Demons in a straightforward way . At the same time, he was also unwilling to expose Cai er s identity since it may have a bad influence on her branches . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and smiled, Your Majesty has a Succubus as a wife as well, there s no reason for you to envy me . Right, Your Majesty came as a vanguard, there should be no need to build a city, right The Demon Dragon King looked deeply into Zhao Hai and said, Mister might know a lot about the Demon Realm, but this time you are mistaken . We decided to build this city so that we can have our own base in the Ark Continent . No matter how much you natives would like us to go away, you would have no other choice but recognize the existence of our Demon Race . Zhao Hai shook his head as he smiled faintly and said, We can actually recognize your presence, however, it seems like you don t like us being here . To be honest, the Ark Continent is too small compared to the Demon Realm, all of you cannot just transfer over here . This made me wonder why you even wanted to wage war . When he heard Zhao Hai, the Demon Dragon King seemed to turn mad as he shouted, Why we go to war Why It s because of lesser creatures being able to occupy such a beautiful land while we Demons get to experience such a hellish landscape . This land should belong to the Demon Race Anyone who dared to stop us will die Zhao Hai looked at the expression of the Demon King and sighed, he knew that talking would only get this far . He looked calmly at the Demon Dragon King and said, Then it s war But before Zhao Hai gets to command his army, he gets interrupted by the Demon King who said, Mister, wait . Do you really want to become an enemy to the Demon Race Mister is a Dark Mage, your kind had always been suppressed in the Ark Continent . At the same time, your belief in the God of Darkness is no different to our faith for the Demon God . How about mister joins our side, and together we shall conquer the entire continent . With Mister s strength, as long as you help us occupy the continent, then we would surely give you a very high rank . Zhao Hai stared at the Demon Dragon King, then after a moment he suddenly laughed, I want to thank Your Majesty s good intentions . However, this Zhao Hai already considers himself as a person of the Ark Continent . Although there are friction between the powers in the continent, all of us share the same resistance against being slaves or being exterminated . Even if the Demons or the Divine Race make out continent s rivers turn red, we would still continue to fight on until the very end Zhao Hai expressed his thoughts, as well as the conviction of the entire continent . The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai, his expression turned ugly as he said, Mister s words truly enraged this King . Then from now on, the entire Demon Race and I shall be your mortal enemies Then the Demon Dragon King waved his hand as the Dragons that were pulling his carriage issued a loud roar . After that, the Demons around the carriage charged towards Zhao Hai . It seems like they wanted to eliminate him here and now . Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he waved his hand . The Bone Dragon retreated back as the other undead pressed on forward, blocking every attack coming towards Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King slowly turned back as well . In fights like these, the superiors would naturally refrain from engaging in the initial clash . It just didn t conform to their status . Before long, the undead and the Demons clashed, their strengths were unexpectedly the same . When the Demon Dragon King saw this, he couldn t help but knit his eyebrows . Although they had collected a lot of information pertaining to Zhao Hai, it seems like they still underestimated him . The Demon King didn t expect Zhao Hai to be this difficult to deal with . There were also some races in the Demon Realm who were able to control the undead . This was because the Demon Realm was a very good environment for the evolution of undead . Therefore, this made the undead of the realm very strong . Making them one of the main battle forces of the Demon Realm . Naturally, the undead couldn t be the true battle army of the Demon Realm . Although undead could be controlled by races, there was only one race that can command them with great complexity, and it was the Demon Realm s Lich Race . The Lich Race was very special in that they were extremely low in population . Moreover, they were quite mysterious . However, they were just the Demon Realm s version of the true Lich Race . The True Lich race were legendary beings of the underworld . They were creatures that only existed in soul form and couldn t be harmed by physical attacks . All of them were innately talented in Dark Magic . In the past, there was a Dark Mage that was able to summon a true Lich . That Lich had wisdom that was no lesser than a Human . At the same time, it was also not willing to be under the control of a Human . This caused a backlash on its summoner . This was also the time where people came to know of their existence . On the other hand, the Demon Realm s Lich Race was actually just a type of Demon that possess half of a soul form . This meant that they were still susceptible to material attacks . However, their bodies still had a strange ability of going ethereal when an attack arrives, greatly minimizing the damage done to it . This ethereal form can only be achieved for a short time, and cannot be used continuously as well . Therefore, they were called the Demon Realm s Lich Race . The fighting strength of a Lich is no worse than a Vile Demon . The only reason why they weren t rulers of the Demon Realm was because of their low population . It was estimated that the entire Demon Realm only had around ten thousand Lich . The entire Demon Realm was so big, and for the number of Lich to only be ten thousand was something that baffled a lot of people . However, since each one of them were very strong, nobody dared to annoy them . Even the Vile Demons would act polite towards these beings . The Lich were able to control a large amount of undead . As to how much, nobody really knew . What they only knew was that a extremely formidable Lich appeared a long time ago . That Lich was able to control an astonishing 1 million undead and controlled them in order to annoy the Vile Demons . It was precisely because of its actions that the Vile Demons decided to sent troops in order to deal with the Lich . In order to kill this Lich, the Vile Demons sent an army of 3 million . In the end, of the 3 million, only 850 thousand managed to survive . At the same time, the battle also made the Vile Demons lose 20 9th rank experts . This battle was a testament of how powerful the Lich were . And while the Vile Demons were surrounding this Lich, they were also able to witness the prowess of the Lich s undead . The undead were quite strong, majority of them had 7th to 8th rank strength . Additionally, these undead were unafraid to die in battle . This fearlessness was something that even the Vile Demons were unable to emulate . This event made the Lich Race untouchables in the Demon Realm . In the beginning, the Demon Dragon King thought that the Demon Realm made the most powerful undead . After all, the constant battle in the Realm was the best catalyst in creating formidable undead . However, the Demon Dragon King eventually found fault in this belief . Zhao Hai s undead were actually more formidable than the undead in the Demon Realm . They even managed to achieve 9th rank strength . One must know that the Demons were beings that grew up in battle, this gave them formidable fighting power . Even if they were still 8th ranks, each Demon can easily exhibit 9th rank strength . 8th ranks of the Ark Continent were completely unable to contend with 9th rank Demons . This time, since the Demon Dragon King acted as the vanguard of the Demon Realm, he was tasked with building the city in order to establish a foothold for the Demon Race . Because of this, not only was he given powerful Vile Demons to command, the other races of the Demon Realm also sent their elites for him to use . This made the vanguard army much more powerful than average Demon armies . However, such an elite army actually fought to a draw with Zhao Hai s undead . It was no wonder that the Demon Dragon King was surprised . Zhao Hai looked calmly at the battle in front of him . He was using this battle in order to gauge the strength of the Demon Army . It was quite obvious that these Demons weren t 9th ranks, but their strength was still very strong . They were actually able to fight evenly with the 9th rank undead . Although there was still a small gap between them, the mere fact that they lasted this long was already quite surprising . While the battle progressed on, Zhao Hai s mood had turned heavier and heavier . If this was the strength of their 8th ranks, then what can be said about their 9th ranks It seems like the fight with the Demon Realm wouldn t go smoothly as what he thought . The two sides proceeded to strangle each other in the air . Zhao Hai s undead always fought head on with the opposing Demons . And these Demons were no stranger to this kind of battle . They even managed to make a formation in the air while fighting with the undead .





* * *





Chapter 694 – This Enemy Is Hard To Deal With

The reason why Zhao Hai battled with the Demon Race right now was not to block them nor stop them from making their fortifications . Zhao Hai knew that this was impossible . He attacked this time in order to probe the Demon Race’s fighting strength .

In the end, it seems like the Demons were very strong . This was bad news for the continent . The stronger the Demons were, the harder it would be for the continent to fight back .

Zhao Hai continued to watch the battle . Although the fight was quite intense, there weren’t much losses in the Demon Race’s side . These Demons were very proficient in fights, they seemed to be complete veterans when it came to these, they rarely get injured . Even if they were unable to dodge an attack, they would still make movements to ensure that they would get minimum damage . Then after getting injured, they would immediately proceed to retreat from the front . It was evident that they were very used to these maneuvers . Not only was their bodies sturdy, their recovery was also quite quick . Therefore, it wasn’t very easy to kill one of them .

Zhao Hai could remember his previous fight with a group of Vile Demons . After receiving a mortal wound, they could even launch a counter-attack . While thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel apprehensive . If all of the Demons in the Demon Realm had this property, then it would be really scary .

The Demon Dragon King and Zhao Hai looked at each other from across the battlefield . Both of them knew that there wasn’t much to be had in today’s battle . Although Zhao Hai had a lot of undead, he was still unable to kill Demons at a faster rate . While the battle was going on, more and more Demons were still coming out of the rift . Since continuing the battle would useless, Zhao Hai had planned for his retreat .

Although the undead were called that way, it didn’t mean that they have true immortal bodies . Once experts of the Demon Realm arrived, then it might be possible for Zhao Hai to suffer huge losses . Since he didn’t want to go all out, Zhao hai smiled towards the Demon Dragon King and said, “Your Majesty Demon Dragon king, I shall be retreating for today . I will wait for you in Demon City . ” Then Zhao Hai turned his Bone Dragon around and headed back to Demon City . When he left, the undead who were still fighting the Demons suddenly vanished . This made the Demons, who were planning to go all out fighting, stare . Even if they wanted to continue fighting, they already didn’t have an enemy to fight with .

When the Demons saw Zhao Hai standing alone on top of his Bone Dragon, heading back to Demon City at a leisurely pace, all of them thought of one thing, it was to rush in and kill Zhao Hai . And as they were





going to execute their action, the Demon Dragon King suddenly shouted, “Halt! All of you go back with me . ” All the Demons turned to the Demon Dragon King and stopped what they were about to do . Although they didn’t know why the Demon Dragon King stopped them, they knew that they couldn’t violate his commands . After all, the army rules of the Demons were extremely strict .

At this time, a Vile Demon flew towards the Demon Dragon King and said, “Your Majesty, why didn’t you make us chase? We still have a lot of people on our side . Moreover, more people would keep coming as time goes by . It is the best time to pursue . If we manage to kill this Zhao Hao, then we would gain huge merit towards the Demon Race . ”

The Demon Dragon King looked at the vile Demon, he was quite fond of this subordinate of his called Loyola . He was a very brave warrior and was also a good commander, his only negative was his hot temper .

The Demon Dragon King looked at Loyola and replied, “Don’t forget about what’s important . We are here to build the city first . As long as we’ve built this city, then the Demon Race would be able to establish a footing in the Ark Continent . This would give us much more leverage in attacking the continent . On the other hand, what could we accomplish in chasing after Zhao Hai? From our investigations, not only does Zhao Hai have formidable undead, he’s also a 9th rank expert . Moreover, he is a rare Human that trains in both Battle Qi and Magic . With this in mind, are you really confident in dealing with him?”

When Loyola heard the Demon Dragon King, he didn’t make any other noise . He had personally fought in the frontline, so he was aware of how strong Zhao Hai’s undead were . Zhao Hai’s undead vanished because he received them, they weren’t defeated by the Demons . If they pursue, then Zhao Hai can just use those undead to suppress them once more . It was truly impossible to deal with Zhao Hai in this way .

The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai’s back and said, “If this person isn’t eliminated, then our Demon Race would surely have great big troubles . This matter should be reported to His Majesty . ” Then the Demon Dragon King took his carriage and went back to the Demonic Abyss .

Although the Demon Dragon King was the monarch of the Demon Realm’s northwest, he wasn’t the Lord of the entire Demon Race . He was only a king in his own territory . In front of the Great Demon King, he can only be an official, this explains why the Demon Dragon King still had someone to call ‘His Majesty’ .

Zhao Hai returned to Demon City under the cheers of the defenders . These people hadn’t heard Zhao Hai’s exchange with the Demon Dragon King, but they still witnessed the fight that happened . Although Zhao Hai couldn’t wipe out the opposing party, he was still able to





to completely match them . This made every person in the city very excited .

After all, Zhao Hai was just one person, yet the Demons were still unable to overwhelm him . This was truly something that can raise people’s morale .

In the past, these people only knew Zhao Hai’s strength through word of mouth, they hadn’t seen him make a move with their own eyes . This time, they had finally managed to see how powerful Zhao Hai really was .

When he saw the people in the city, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly . Then when he turned his head to look at the Demon camp, his expression couldn’t help but turn heavy .

After some time, Zhao Hai turned to the guard closes to him and said, “The Demons wouldn’t be attacking for quite some time since they are still busy with their city . Stay here and monitor them, I’ll be taking a rest . ”

The guards complied with thunderous response . Then Zhao Hai flew up and went inside the Bone Dragon’s mouth .

Everyone in the continent were aware that Zhao Hai tended to go inside his undead and live there . Therefore, when the guards saw Zhao Hao enter the Bone Dragon, none of them were very surprised .

Actually, Zhao Hai entering the Bone Dragon was just to conceal that he just went to the Space . After arriving inside the Space, Lizzy immediately came to welcome him as she said, “Brother Hai, this enemy is truly difficult to deal with . These Demons are quite strong . Moreover, their formation was something they developed across many years . Finding a formation to counter them would not be easy . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “They are truly difficult to deal with, they’re quite suited for battle . You must have seen it, although we managed to injure a lot of Demons, the number of their casualties aren’t very large . We didn’t manage to make them suffer enough losses . Also, their numbers would continue to swell up . This is quite troublesome . ”

Lizzy nodded, Megan did the same as well . Then after some time, Megan said, “Big Brother Hai, the Buddha Empire’s evacuation would still need some time . Do we need to stop them here for long?’

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “i don’t know . The only action we can make is do our best here . I already reached an agreement with the Fishmen . They will be entering the Buddha Empire’s waterways, first is to help the refugees in their retreat . And the second would be to block the Demons if it becomes necessary . But even if we use the rivers to block the Demons, we still cannot stop their further advance . It seems like we can only rely on the Dwarf Mountain and the Elven Forest to block their advance . ”

At this point, Lizzy frowned and said, “Is this fine? The Demons are very strong . Can the Dwarves and Elves really block them?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, they can certainly block them . Don’t forget, the





forget, the two of them have their own Divine Artifacts . More importantly, I’m quite sure that the Radiant Church had started to get anxious . They should be starting their move any time now . ”

Lizzy agreed with this point . Although Zhao Hai couldn’t see what the Radiant Church was doing, one could still see that they had been anxious just by the state of their Empire .

Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Camp on the monitor and sighed, “The Demons have changed their methods this time . I can remember that in the records of the Dwarves, the Demons immediately attacked upon entering the Ark Continent . In the end, the Demons went to far and was beaten back by the various races . But this time, it seems like the Demons have gotten smart . They actually decided to build a city first . As long as this city gets built, then they would gain a stable footing in the continent, allowing them a safe place to retreat . This isn’t good for us . ”

Megan frowned, then she said, “Wouldn’t it be better for us if we destroy the city?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m afraid that won’t be easy . The Demons are settled on having this city . I’m afraid that with my current strength, we still couldn’t afford to destroy it . ”

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Are you sure? We have about 20 million undead in our hands . Couldn’t they just overwhelm the city?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Don’t forget, in addition to their strength, the Demons also have a self-destructing technique . If we push them too far, then they might decide to sacrifice themselves, taking several undead along with them . If we trade like that, we could easily deplete our number of undead . And what do we do when our undead gets depleted? I don’t want to use the continent to fill those numbers . ”

Megan nodded, she understood what Zhao Hai meant . Although Zhao Hai had 20 million undead, this was their main battle force in resisting both the Demon Race and the Divine Race . Topping up those numbers with people from the continent wasn’t something that Zhao Hai wanted to see .

Lizzy nodded and said, “It’s best if we don’t destroy the city, this would give us even more time to prepare . At the same time, if the Divine Race really did come, then the Demons would be able to cause more trouble to the Divine Race . . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to look at the two and said, “How about Laura and Berry? Are they busy?”

Lizzy nodded and said, “Elder Sister Laura is busying herself with the allocation of materials . Although she had Cai’er for help, the tasks that needed to be done is just too many . On the other hand, Berry was still enjoying the scenery in the Space . She kept staring at the unchanging grassland . I really don’t know why she liked that scene . ”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “The scene might be dull to us . But

. But for Berry, it was the most wonderful thing that she had seen in her entire life . Cai’er had already told us about the situation in the Divine Realm . Cai’er’s leaves weren’t delicious, yet her leaves are still the most staple food of the Demon Realm . From just this point, we can imagine what kinds of days she had while in the Demon Realm . I’m sure she wouldn’t get tired of the scenery for a long time . ”

Lizzy sighed, then Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, Sister Ruyen has been going all out these past few days . It seems like her body is getting weaker and weaker every day . Go and see her . Otherwise, her body might really break down . ”

Zhao Hai sighed, then he nodded as his figure vanished and appeared inside the Lyon Empire’s Royal Palace . Ruyen was currently inside, processing documents . Although Zhao Hai already left, the Great Nobles still didn’t dare to neglect Ruyen’s presence . As long as something important cropped up, they would immediately have Ruyen look through it . Although this allowed Ruyen to have a grasp of the Empire, this made her very tired as well .

Zhao Hai looked at Ruyen, she was even thinner than when he last saw her . Zhao Hai’s heart couldn’t help but ache when he saw this, at the same time, he couldn’t help but look at Ruyen in a new light . Everyone was young at one point of their life, and everyone makes mistakes as well . For Zhao Hai, Ruyen’s hard work can already be considered to be the price that she paid for her past mistakes . Zhao Hai doesn’t want to see Ruyen torture herself anymore .

Zhao Hai also thought that he had been unfair to Ruyen . Among his women, the only one who didn’t know about the Space was her . This made Zhao Hai feel sorry, so he decided to tell Ruyen about the Space .

When Ruyen heard Zhao Hai sigh, she looked up . Upon seeing Zhao Hai, Ruyen couldn’t help but let out a breath as she smiled and quickly said, “You’re here . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Ruyen and said, “I just fought with the Demons . Neither of us lost or won . It seems like we can only use Accra Mountain as a defensive terrain to block the Demons . ”

Ruyen couldn’t help but stare when she heard Zhao Hai . Then she immediately too a step towards Zhao Hai and said, “How are you? Are you injured?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m fine . On the other hand, you look like you couldn’t survive for another day . You already did a good job, don’t busy yourself too much . I’ll take you to a place where you can take a well-deserved rest . ” Then he went and held Ruyen’s hand .

Ruyen was overjoyed when she felt Zhao Hai’s warm hand . Zhao Hai looked at Ruyen and smiled at her as their figures flashed and entered the Space .

 Chapter 694 This Enemy Is Hard To Deal With The reason why Zhao Hai battled with the Demon Race right now was not to block them nor stop them from making their fortifications . Zhao Hai knew that this was impossible . He attacked this time in order to probe the Demon Race s fighting strength . In the end, it seems like the Demons were very strong . This was bad news for the continent . The stronger the Demons were, the harder it would be for the continent to fight back . Zhao Hai continued to watch the battle . Although the fight was quite intense, there weren t much losses in the Demon Race s side . These Demons were very proficient in fights, they seemed to be complete veterans when it came to these, they rarely get injured . Even if they were unable to dodge an attack, they would still make movements to ensure that they would get minimum damage . Then after getting injured, they would immediately proceed to retreat from the front . It was evident that they were very used to these maneuvers . Not only was their bodies sturdy, their recovery was also quite quick . Therefore, it wasn t very easy to kill one of them . Zhao Hai could remember his previous fight with a group of Vile Demons . After receiving a mortal wound, they could even launch a counter attack . While thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn t help but feel apprehensive . If all of the Demons in the Demon Realm had this property, then it would be really scary . The Demon Dragon King and Zhao Hai looked at each other from across the battlefield . Both of them knew that there wasn t much to be had in today s battle . Although Zhao Hai had a lot of undead, he was still unable to kill Demons at a faster rate . While the battle was going on, more and more Demons were still coming out of the rift . Since continuing the battle would useless, Zhao Hai had planned for his retreat . Although the undead were called that way, it didn t mean that they have true immortal bodies . Once experts of the Demon Realm arrived, then it might be possible for Zhao Hai to suffer huge losses . Since he didn t want to go all out, Zhao hai smiled towards the Demon Dragon King and said, Your Majesty Demon Dragon king, I shall be retreating for today . I will wait for you in Demon City . Then Zhao Hai turned his Bone Dragon around and headed back to Demon City . When he left, the undead who were still fighting the Demons suddenly vanished . This made the Demons, who were planning to go all out fighting, stare . Even if they wanted to continue fighting, they already didn t have an enemy to fight with . When the Demons saw Zhao Hai standing alone on top of his Bone Dragon, heading back to Demon City at a leisurely pace, all of them thought of one thing, it was to rush in and kill Zhao Hai . And as they were going to execute their action, the Demon Dragon King suddenly shouted, Halt All of you go back with me . All the Demons turned to the Demon Dragon King and stopped what they were about to do . Although they didn t know why the Demon Dragon King stopped them, they knew that they couldn t violate his commands . After all, the army rules of the Demons were extremely strict . At this time, a Vile Demon flew towards the Demon Dragon King and said, Your Majesty, why didn t you make us chase We still have a lot of people on our side . Moreover, more people would keep coming as time goes by . It is the best time to pursue . If we manage to kill this Zhao Hao, then we would gain huge merit towards the Demon Race . The Demon Dragon King looked at the vile Demon, he was quite fond of this subordinate of his called Loyola . He was a very brave warrior and was also a good commander, his only negative was his hot temper . The Demon Dragon King looked at Loyola and replied, Don t forget about what s important . We are here to build the city first . As long as we ve built this city, then the Demon Race would be able to establish a footing in the Ark Continent . This would give us much more leverage in attacking the continent . On the other hand, what could we accomplish in chasing after Zhao Hai From our investigations, not only does Zhao Hai have formidable undead, he s also a 9th rank expert . Moreover, he is a rare Human that trains in both Battle Qi and Magic . With this in mind, are you really confident in dealing with him When Loyola heard the Demon Dragon King, he didn t make any other noise . He had personally fought in the frontline, so he was aware of how strong Zhao Hai s undead were . Zhao Hai s undead vanished because he received them, they weren t defeated by the Demons . If they pursue, then Zhao Hai can just use those undead to suppress them once more . It was truly impossible to deal with Zhao Hai in this way . The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai s back and said, If this person isn t eliminated, then our Demon Race would surely have great big troubles . This matter should be reported to His Majesty . Then the Demon Dragon King took his carriage and went back to the Demonic Abyss . Although the Demon Dragon King was the monarch of the Demon Realm s northwest, he wasn t the Lord of the entire Demon Race . He was only a king in his own territory . In front of the Great Demon King, he can only be an official, this explains why the Demon Dragon King still had someone to call His Majesty . Zhao Hai returned to Demon City under the cheers of the defenders . These people hadn t heard Zhao Hai s exchange with the Demon Dragon King, but they still witnessed the fight that happened . Although Zhao Hai couldn t wipe out the opposing party, he was still able to completely match them . This made every person in the city very excited . After all, Zhao Hai was just one person, yet the Demons were still unable to overwhelm him . This was truly something that can raise people s morale . In the past, these people only knew Zhao Hai s strength through word of mouth, they hadn t seen him make a move with their own eyes . This time, they had finally managed to see how powerful Zhao Hai really was . When he saw the people in the city, Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile faintly . Then when he turned his head to look at the Demon camp, his expression couldn t help but turn heavy . After some time, Zhao Hai turned to the guard closes to him and said, The Demons wouldn t be attacking for quite some time since they are still busy with their city . Stay here and monitor them, I ll be taking a rest . The guards complied with thunderous response . Then Zhao Hai flew up and went inside the Bone Dragon s mouth . Everyone in the continent were aware that Zhao Hai tended to go inside his undead and live there . Therefore, when the guards saw Zhao Hao enter the Bone Dragon, none of them were very surprised . Actually, Zhao Hai entering the Bone Dragon was just to conceal that he just went to the Space . After arriving inside the Space, Lizzy immediately came to welcome him as she said, Brother Hai, this enemy is truly difficult to deal with . These Demons are quite strong . Moreover, their formation was something they developed across many years . Finding a formation to counter them would not be easy . Zhao Hai nodded and said, They are truly difficult to deal with, they re quite suited for battle . You must have seen it, although we managed to injure a lot of Demons, the number of their casualties aren t very large . We didn t manage to make them suffer enough losses . Also, their numbers would continue to swell up . This is quite troublesome . Lizzy nodded, Megan did the same as well . Then after some time, Megan said, Big Brother Hai, the Buddha Empire s evacuation would still need some time . Do we need to stop them here for long Zhao Hai shook his head and said, i don t know . The only action we can make is do our best here . I already reached an agreement with the Fishmen . They will be entering the Buddha Empire s waterways, first is to help the refugees in their retreat . And the second would be to block the Demons if it becomes necessary . But even if we use the rivers to block the Demons, we still cannot stop their further advance . It seems like we can only rely on the Dwarf Mountain and the Elven Forest to block their advance . At this point, Lizzy frowned and said, Is this fine The Demons are very strong . Can the Dwarves and Elves really block them Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Rest assured, they can certainly block them . Don t forget, the two of them have their own Divine Artifacts . More importantly, I m quite sure that the Radiant Church had started to get anxious . They should be starting their move any time now . Lizzy agreed with this point . Although Zhao Hai couldn t see what the Radiant Church was doing, one could still see that they had been anxious just by the state of their Empire . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Camp on the monitor and sighed, The Demons have changed their methods this time . I can remember that in the records of the Dwarves, the Demons immediately attacked upon entering the Ark Continent . In the end, the Demons went to far and was beaten back by the various races . But this time, it seems like the Demons have gotten smart . They actually decided to build a city first . As long as this city gets built, then they would gain a stable footing in the continent, allowing them a safe place to retreat . This isn t good for us . Megan frowned, then she said, Wouldn t it be better for us if we destroy the city Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I m afraid that won t be easy . The Demons are settled on having this city . I m afraid that with my current strength, we still couldn t afford to destroy it . Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, Are you sure We have about 20 million undead in our hands . Couldn t they just overwhelm the city Zhao Hai shook his head and said, Don t forget, in addition to their strength, the Demons also have a self destructing technique . If we push them too far, then they might decide to sacrifice themselves, taking several undead along with them . If we trade like that, we could easily deplete our number of undead . And what do we do when our undead gets depleted I don t want to use the continent to fill those numbers . Megan nodded, she understood what Zhao Hai meant . Although Zhao Hai had 20 million undead, this was their main battle force in resisting both the Demon Race and the Divine Race . Topping up those numbers with people from the continent wasn t something that Zhao Hai wanted to see . Lizzy nodded and said, It s best if we don t destroy the city, this would give us even more time to prepare . At the same time, if the Divine Race really did come, then the Demons would be able to cause more trouble to the Divine Race . . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to look at the two and said, How about Laura and Berry Are they busy Lizzy nodded and said, Elder Sister Laura is busying herself with the allocation of materials . Although she had Cai er for help, the tasks that needed to be done is just too many . On the other hand, Berry was still enjoying the scenery in the Space . She kept staring at the unchanging grassland . I really don t know why she liked that scene . Zhao Hai sighed and said, The scene might be dull to us . But for Berry, it was the most wonderful thing that she had seen in her entire life . Cai er had already told us about the situation in the Divine Realm . Cai er s leaves weren t delicious, yet her leaves are still the most staple food of the Demon Realm . From just this point, we can imagine what kinds of days she had while in the Demon Realm . I m sure she wouldn t get tired of the scenery for a long time . Lizzy sighed, then Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, Big Brother Hai, Sister Ruyen has been going all out these past few days . It seems like her body is getting weaker and weaker every day . Go and see her . Otherwise, her body might really break down . Zhao Hai sighed, then he nodded as his figure vanished and appeared inside the Lyon Empire s Royal Palace . Ruyen was currently inside, processing documents . Although Zhao Hai already left, the Great Nobles still didn t dare to neglect Ruyen s presence . As long as something important cropped up, they would immediately have Ruyen look through it . Although this allowed Ruyen to have a grasp of the Empire, this made her very tired as well . Zhao Hai looked at Ruyen, she was even thinner than when he last saw her . Zhao Hai s heart couldn t help but ache when he saw this, at the same time, he couldn t help but look at Ruyen in a new light . Everyone was young at one point of their life, and everyone makes mistakes as well . For Zhao Hai, Ruyen s hard work can already be considered to be the price that she paid for her past mistakes . Zhao Hai doesn t want to see Ruyen torture herself anymore . Zhao Hai also thought that he had been unfair to Ruyen . Among his women, the only one who didn t know about the Space was her . This made Zhao Hai feel sorry, so he decided to tell Ruyen about the Space . When Ruyen heard Zhao Hai sigh, she looked up . Upon seeing Zhao Hai, Ruyen couldn t help but let out a breath as she smiled and quickly said, You re here . Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Ruyen and said, I just fought with the Demons . Neither of us lost or won . It seems like we can only use Accra Mountain as a defensive terrain to block the Demons . Ruyen couldn t help but stare when she heard Zhao Hai . Then she immediately too a step towards Zhao Hai and said, How are you Are you injured Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I m fine . On the other hand, you look like you couldn t survive for another day . You already did a good job, don t busy yourself too much . I ll take you to a place where you can take a well deserved rest . Then he went and held Ruyen s hand . Ruyen was overjoyed when she felt Zhao Hai s warm hand . Zhao Hai looked at Ruyen and smiled at her as their figures flashed and entered the Space .





* * *





Chapter 695 – Billy’s Idea

In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t tell Ruyen and Evan about the Space . What they knew was that Zhao Hai was someone with a Space Divergent Ability .

When their figures appeared inside the Space, Ruyen’s mind couldn’t help but turn blank . They were currently in front of the Space’s villa, and Ruyen saw Lizzy and Megan .

When she saw them, Ruyen couldn’t help but pull her hand away from Zhao Hai . She was still ashamed in front of Lizzy and Megan, one was because of her status, and two, because of her past .

When Lizzy and Megan saw Ruyen’s action, they smiled but didn’t say anything . Zhao Hai turned his head to Ruyen and said, “Alright, Ruyen, you can take a rest here . Lizzy and Megan will tell you everything there is to know about this place . I still need to head out . ”

Ruyen gave a nod before Lizzy and Megan pulled her over and telling her everything about the Space . Then Zhao Hai’s figure disappeared as he went out of the Space . This time, he wasn’t heading towards Demon City, but instead towards Dwarf Mountain . The Dwarf Mountain is inside the Buddha Empire, because of this, Zhao Hai thought that once the Buddha Empire’s army withdrew, the closest army to face the Demons would be the Dwarves .

When Zhao Hai arrived inside Dwarf Mountain, he was quick to notice that the atmosphere here was very different compared to the past . There used to be the sounds of Dwarves hammering here, there were also Dwarven Women, making armor and other things . But now, the place appeared very empty, there weren’t any Dwarf children or women present . The only ones left were Dwarves soldiers . When Zhao Hai appeared, he was immediately escorted by two soldiers towards Billy’s office . When Billy saw Zhao Hai, he immediately asked the latter to take a seat . After sitting down, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Why did you come? Did something happen?” Zhao Hao nodded, “The Demons have arrived and I had a minor scuffle with them . Neither of us won or lost . ”

Billy nodded with a heavy expression . He knew how





strong Zhao Hai’s undead were, and to think that Zhao Hai was unable to win, it seems like these Demons wouldn’t be easy to deal with .

Zhao Hai turned his head to Billy and said, “Patriarch, how are your preparations doing?” Billy gave a nod and said, “Preparations are doing well, moreover, with the magic beasts that you gave us, our communication with the Elves has gone much smoother . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, after taking the Dwarf women and children to the Black Wasteland, Zhao Hai released large quantities of water element beasts in order to aid the Dwarves . With these magic beast, the Dwarves would have it easier to communicate with the Elves . At the same time, this also made it easier for the Dwarves to traverse the underground rivers of the mountain .

Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “The people from the Buddha Empire are still moving . It will take at least two months before all of them left . I’m afraid that relying on Demon City for defense wouldn’t be enough . We should try and find another solution . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also think that Demon City wouldn’t be enough to slow the Demons down . Therefore, I plan to lay some ambushes on every city in the Buddha Empire . ”

Billy nodded and said, “That isn’t wrong, but there are some issues . If you want to really ambush the Demons in the Buddha Empire, then relying only on the Buddha Empire’s army would be a good idea . The Buddha Empire is famous for their iron, this made their heavy armored cavalry very effective in battling in the plains How about getting the Beastmen to help the Buddha Empire in defending? And while the Beastmen and Buddha Empire cavalry are attacking the Demons in the field, we can also have some Blood Hawk Cavalry and some Hawk Beastmen attack from the skies . Adding your undead to all of these would be a very good way to tussle with the Demons going through the Buddha Empire . Moreover, this would also increase the depth of strategy in the battlefield . What do you think?”

Zhao Hai was shocked, he hasn’t thought about this point . Now that Billy reminded him, he can remember that he can now





now use the entire continent as manpower in this war . So why wouldn’t he unite the various forces, making sure that everyone shows their best performance?

After thinking about it, ZHao Hai couldn’t help but get pumped up . He was currently thinking about the feasibility of this plan . While the Beastman Cavalry are indeed strong, the Elves are also formidable archers, who also have their own aerial cavalry . If this aerial cavalry were to ride the Blood Hawks, then their speed should be no slower than the flying Demons . The Elven air force could surely disrupt the Demons in the skies while the Buddha and Beastman Cavalries clashed with the ground toops . At the same time, the Dwarves could also assist in defending Demon City, digging tunnels here and there, making offensive and defensive maneuvers many times more effective .

Nobody could blame Zhao Hai for not thinking about this before . One should know that Zhao Hai had not commanded such a huge battle before . Even though the forces in the continent were listening to Zhao Hai, all of them were also preparing themselves to defend the Demons . During the war, Zhao Hai would just issue his ideas and the others would just make the move . That is to say, Zhao Hai just told them the heading, and they just decide how to do it by themselves .

One could say that Zhao Hai’s capability can only be ranked as an officer, not an alliance leader of such a big alliance . He just didn’t have the talent to do that .

Billy’s idea completely woke Zhao Hai up . If they do as what Billy said, then they won’t only have the Accra Mountain as an option, new paths and strategies would be opened up .

Seeing that Zhao Hai was staying quiet, Billy didn’t speak . He knew that Zhao Hai was lacking in this aspect . However, he wasn’t worried about it since Zhao Hai was still quite young . Moreover, he already has the strength, given enough time, Zhao Hai would mature bit by bit, eventually being able to contend properly with the Demon Race .

After some time, Zhao Hai gained some ground as he looked at Billy and said, “Alright . Patriarch, I





Patriarch, I know what we should do . However, I would need to ask the Dwarves to dispatch some troops to send towards Demon City . No matter what, we cannot lose that place to the Demons very easily . If we lose it this early, then the Demons would gain more foothold in the continent . ”

Billy nodded, “That’s not a problem . Rest assured, we shall have the troops prepared in a short time . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “Alright, then I’d like you to dispatch about 50 thousand troops for Demon City . I’ll be heading to the Buddha Empire now and discuss things with the Buddha Emperor . I want to stop him from sending troops to Demon City . instead, I’ll have the Beastmen and Elves send some troops there instead . Those troops would be a huge help in defending Demon City and delaying the advance of the Demons . At the same time, we’ll have some troops propagate along strategic positions in the Buddha Empire . As for the smaller cities, we can just leave them . ”

Billy nodded, “ The Buddha Empire’s situation is truly special . As long as we hold those strategic positions, then we would be fine . Small Cities aren’t just worth defending, instead, we can just have Buddha and Beastman Cavalries wander around selected areas . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then please prepare your army . I’ll go see the Buddha Emperor now then the Beast King and the Elf Queen . This time, I need to discuss things with them personally . ”

Billy nodded, then he stood up to prepare his army . On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s figure vanished as he appeared in the Buddha Empire’s capital . Iron Knight City was actually more bustling compared to before . However, Zhao Hai knew that this wasn’t due to business, these ships were currently transporting people . One could say that the Buddha Empire’s capital had become a beast that had been struck by a sword, bleeding out, but instead of losing blood, it was losing its citizens . In the end, this city would be left empty .

Zhao Hai appeared right outside the Imperial Palace of the Buddha Empire . The Palace has now strengthened

has now strengthened its vigilance . It was basically under martial law, there were teams of cavalry constantly patrolling the place .

When he got out of the Space, Zhao Hai immediately summoned his Bone Dragon and then rode it towards the Buddha Empire’s Imperial palace .

At this point, everyone in the continent was aware that the Bone Dragon symbolized Zhao Hai . Even if they didn’t know Zhao Hai’s face, they would still know it was him due to the Bone Dragon .

Zhao Hai’s status in the continent was now very high . He can come and go out of an Imperial Capital at will . Moreover, his words were already considered as Imperial Decrees by the various powers in the continent .

Zhao Hai’s sudden appearance in the Buddha Empire’s capital caused a commotion in the city . Both Warriors and Mages looked at him in reverence while Nobles looked at him with worry . They were afraid that Zhao Hai was carrying unfavorable news .

The Buddha Emperor was currently inside the Great Hall, handling several domestic matters . When transferring citizens, it was imperative that nothing went wrong, and this was a very hard thing to do . The Buddha Emperor hasn’t slept for several days, his appearance had become much thinner compared to before .

When Zhao Hai’s Bone Dragon landed on the Imperial Palace, court eunuchs immediately informed the Buddha Emperor . Upon hearing that Zhao Hai came, he was startled, just as the other Nobles in the Great Hall . They were all afraid that Zhao Hai had brought bad news . What the Buddha Empire needed right now was time in order to evacuate its citizens . If Zhao Hai brought bad news, then things would become even more difficult .

When he arrived at the Great Hall, Zhao Hai was immediately personally greeted by the Buddha Emperor . Upon seeing the Buddha Emperor come out, Zhao Hai immediately gave him a bow as he said, “I have seen Your Majesty . ” Then the Buddha Emperor didn’t hesitate to pull Zhao Hai’s hand and said, “Is mister doing well? Why did you come visit? Did an accident happen in the frontlines? Mister can rest assured, in two days, the Empire would have about a million elite cavalry reinforcing Demon City . ”

 Chapter 695 Billy s Idea In the past, Zhao Hai didn t tell Ruyen and Evan about the Space . What they knew was that Zhao Hai was someone with a Space Divergent Ability . When their figures appeared inside the Space, Ruyen s mind couldn t help but turn blank . They were currently in front of the Space s villa, and Ruyen saw Lizzy and Megan . When she saw them, Ruyen couldn t help but pull her hand away from Zhao Hai . She was still ashamed in front of Lizzy and Megan, one was because of her status, and two, because of her past . When Lizzy and Megan saw Ruyen s action, they smiled but didn t say anything . Zhao Hai turned his head to Ruyen and said, Alright, Ruyen, you can take a rest here . Lizzy and Megan will tell you everything there is to know about this place . I still need to head out . Ruyen gave a nod before Lizzy and Megan pulled her over and telling her everything about the Space . Then Zhao Hai s figure disappeared as he went out of the Space . This time, he wasn t heading towards Demon City, but instead towards Dwarf Mountain . The Dwarf Mountain is inside the Buddha Empire, because of this, Zhao Hai thought that once the Buddha Empire s army withdrew, the closest army to face the Demons would be the Dwarves . When Zhao Hai arrived inside Dwarf Mountain, he was quick to notice that the atmosphere here was very different compared to the past . There used to be the sounds of Dwarves hammering here, there were also Dwarven Women, making armor and other things . But now, the place appeared very empty, there weren t any Dwarf children or women present . The only ones left were Dwarves soldiers . When Zhao Hai appeared, he was immediately escorted by two soldiers towards Billy s office . When Billy saw Zhao Hai, he immediately asked the latter to take a seat . After sitting down, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, Why did you come Did something happen Zhao Hao nodded, The Demons have arrived and I had a minor scuffle with them . Neither of us won or lost . Billy nodded with a heavy expression . He knew how strong Zhao Hai s undead were, and to think that Zhao Hai was unable to win, it seems like these Demons wouldn t be easy to deal with . Zhao Hai turned his head to Billy and said, Patriarch, how are your preparations doing Billy gave a nod and said, Preparations are doing well, moreover, with the magic beasts that you gave us, our communication with the Elves has gone much smoother . Zhao Hai nodded, after taking the Dwarf women and children to the Black Wasteland, Zhao Hai released large quantities of water element beasts in order to aid the Dwarves . With these magic beast, the Dwarves would have it easier to communicate with the Elves . At the same time, this also made it easier for the Dwarves to traverse the underground rivers of the mountain . Billy looked at Zhao Hai and said, The people from the Buddha Empire are still moving . It will take at least two months before all of them left . I m afraid that relying on Demon City for defense wouldn t be enough . We should try and find another solution . Zhao Hai nodded and said, I also think that Demon City wouldn t be enough to slow the Demons down . Therefore, I plan to lay some ambushes on every city in the Buddha Empire . Billy nodded and said, That isn t wrong, but there are some issues . If you want to really ambush the Demons in the Buddha Empire, then relying only on the Buddha Empire s army would be a good idea . The Buddha Empire is famous for their iron, this made their heavy armored cavalry very effective in battling in the plains How about getting the Beastmen to help the Buddha Empire in defending And while the Beastmen and Buddha Empire cavalry are attacking the Demons in the field, we can also have some Blood Hawk Cavalry and some Hawk Beastmen attack from the skies . Adding your undead to all of these would be a very good way to tussle with the Demons going through the Buddha Empire . Moreover, this would also increase the depth of strategy in the battlefield . What do you think Zhao Hai was shocked, he hasn t thought about this point . Now that Billy reminded him, he can remember that he can now use the entire continent as manpower in this war . So why wouldn t he unite the various forces, making sure that everyone shows their best performance After thinking about it, ZHao Hai couldn t help but get pumped up . He was currently thinking about the feasibility of this plan . While the Beastman Cavalry are indeed strong, the Elves are also formidable archers, who also have their own aerial cavalry . If this aerial cavalry were to ride the Blood Hawks, then their speed should be no slower than the flying Demons . The Elven air force could surely disrupt the Demons in the skies while the Buddha and Beastman Cavalries clashed with the ground toops . At the same time, the Dwarves could also assist in defending Demon City, digging tunnels here and there, making offensive and defensive maneuvers many times more effective . Nobody could blame Zhao Hai for not thinking about this before . One should know that Zhao Hai had not commanded such a huge battle before . Even though the forces in the continent were listening to Zhao Hai, all of them were also preparing themselves to defend the Demons . During the war, Zhao Hai would just issue his ideas and the others would just make the move . That is to say, Zhao Hai just told them the heading, and they just decide how to do it by themselves . One could say that Zhao Hai s capability can only be ranked as an officer, not an alliance leader of such a big alliance . He just didn t have the talent to do that . Billy s idea completely woke Zhao Hai up . If they do as what Billy said, then they won t only have the Accra Mountain as an option, new paths and strategies would be opened up . Seeing that Zhao Hai was staying quiet, Billy didn t speak . He knew that Zhao Hai was lacking in this aspect . However, he wasn t worried about it since Zhao Hai was still quite young . Moreover, he already has the strength, given enough time, Zhao Hai would mature bit by bit, eventually being able to contend properly with the Demon Race . After some time, Zhao Hai gained some ground as he looked at Billy and said, Alright . Patriarch, I know what we should do . However, I would need to ask the Dwarves to dispatch some troops to send towards Demon City . No matter what, we cannot lose that place to the Demons very easily . If we lose it this early, then the Demons would gain more foothold in the continent . Billy nodded, That s not a problem . Rest assured, we shall have the troops prepared in a short time . Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, Alright, then I d like you to dispatch about 50 thousand troops for Demon City . I ll be heading to the Buddha Empire now and discuss things with the Buddha Emperor . I want to stop him from sending troops to Demon City . instead, I ll have the Beastmen and Elves send some troops there instead . Those troops would be a huge help in defending Demon City and delaying the advance of the Demons . At the same time, we ll have some troops propagate along strategic positions in the Buddha Empire . As for the smaller cities, we can just leave them . Billy nodded, The Buddha Empire s situation is truly special . As long as we hold those strategic positions, then we would be fine . Small Cities aren t just worth defending, instead, we can just have Buddha and Beastman Cavalries wander around selected areas . Zhao Hai nodded, Alright, then please prepare your army . I ll go see the Buddha Emperor now then the Beast King and the Elf Queen . This time, I need to discuss things with them personally . Billy nodded, then he stood up to prepare his army . On the other hand, Zhao Hai s figure vanished as he appeared in the Buddha Empire s capital . Iron Knight City was actually more bustling compared to before . However, Zhao Hai knew that this wasn t due to business, these ships were currently transporting people . One could say that the Buddha Empire s capital had become a beast that had been struck by a sword, bleeding out, but instead of losing blood, it was losing its citizens . In the end, this city would be left empty . Zhao Hai appeared right outside the Imperial Palace of the Buddha Empire . The Palace has now strengthened its vigilance . It was basically under martial law, there were teams of cavalry constantly patrolling the place . When he got out of the Space, Zhao Hai immediately summoned his Bone Dragon and then rode it towards the Buddha Empire s Imperial palace . At this point, everyone in the continent was aware that the Bone Dragon symbolized Zhao Hai . Even if they didn t know Zhao Hai s face, they would still know it was him due to the Bone Dragon . Zhao Hai s status in the continent was now very high . He can come and go out of an Imperial Capital at will . Moreover, his words were already considered as Imperial Decrees by the various powers in the continent . Zhao Hai s sudden appearance in the Buddha Empire s capital caused a commotion in the city . Both Warriors and Mages looked at him in reverence while Nobles looked at him with worry . They were afraid that Zhao Hai was carrying unfavorable news . The Buddha Emperor was currently inside the Great Hall, handling several domestic matters . When transferring citizens, it was imperative that nothing went wrong, and this was a very hard thing to do . The Buddha Emperor hasn t slept for several days, his appearance had become much thinner compared to before . When Zhao Hai s Bone Dragon landed on the Imperial Palace, court eunuchs immediately informed the Buddha Emperor . Upon hearing that Zhao Hai came, he was startled, just as the other Nobles in the Great Hall . They were all afraid that Zhao Hai had brought bad news . What the Buddha Empire needed right now was time in order to evacuate its citizens . If Zhao Hai brought bad news, then things would become even more difficult . When he arrived at the Great Hall, Zhao Hai was immediately personally greeted by the Buddha Emperor . Upon seeing the Buddha Emperor come out, Zhao Hai immediately gave him a bow as he said, I have seen Your Majesty . Then the Buddha Emperor didn t hesitate to pull Zhao Hai s hand and said, Is mister doing well Why did you come visit Did an accident happen in the frontlines Mister can rest assured, in two days, the Empire would have about a million elite cavalry reinforcing Demon City .





* * *





Chapter 696 – Deploying Troops

When Zhao Hai saw the Emperor’s expression, he immediately knew what the other was thinking . He smiled at the Emperor and said, “There’s no need for Your Majesty to be worried, everything is going fine . Let’s head inside first . ”

Upon hearing that there wasn’t anything wrong with the frontline, the Emperor nodded . Then they returned back into the Great Hall . There were also plenty of ministers present inside, all of them were anxiously looking at Zhao Hai .

After giving a salute to the ministers, Zhao Hai said, “The Demons have appeared in the Demonic Abyss . However, they didn’t attack Demon City immediately . Instead, they actually went and started to build a city . ”

“Building a City?” What Zhao Hai said made the other people gawk . But then, they immediately understood the actions of the Demons, each and every one of their complexions couldn’t help but change .

Zhao Hai looked at those present and said, “Everyone, there’s no need to worry too much . I had a small contact with the Demons yesterday, none of us lost nor won . This means that I can stop the Demons there for quite some time . And since the Demons are busy with their city, we still have some time before they begin to launch attacks towards the continent . ”

The crowd relaxed, then Zhao Hai turned his head to the Buddha Emperor and said, “Your Majesty, I want to ask you to refrain from sending too many troops to Demon City . ”

The Buddha Emperor stared, then he knit his eyebrows and said, “Mister’s meaning is?” Then Zhao Hai replied, “Although Demon City is in a strategic place, its terrains isn’t suited for large scale battles . Moreover, the Buddha Empire’s elite cavalry isn’t really suitable to defend a city . Instead, they excelled in wide plain battles . Because of this, I came here to ask Your Majesty to not send too many Iron Knights to Demon City . Instead, we should divide them to various strategic points in the Buddha Empire . I shall also be asking the Dwarves, Elves, and Beastmen to help with the fight . We’ll be making the entire Buddha Empire into a giant battlefield . And establishing our own advantages here will be good against the Demon attack . ”

The Buddha





Emperor quietly closed his eyes . He wasn’t someone who didn’t understand military affairs . On the contrary, he actually started in the military, so he was very familiar with strategic decisions . The Demons had come suddenly and he wasn’t able to think much about them at all . So when he heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but think about the matters of the war .

The Buddha Emperor wasn’t dumb, he knew that it was impossible for the Buddha Empire alone to block the Demon Advance . Otherwise, he wouldn’t have listened to Zhao Hai’s request to have the civilians be evacuated .

Because of this, the Buddha Emperor was in staunch agreement with regards to turning his entire Empire into a huge battlefield . His heart didn’t feel pain for those cities, he knew that all of these needed to be done . As long as the citizens are alive, then the Empire is still standing .

At the same time, he was also considering the feasibility of Zhao Hai’s plan . The Buddha Empire’s Iron Knight Cavalry was very well-known . Additionally, when they mounted the beasts that Zhao Hai brought, the Buddha Empire’s Cavalry, along with the Beastmen, can definitely take advantage of the Buddha Empire’s plains in order to resist the Demon advance . On the other hand, having Dwarf Infantry was also very good in defending Demon City . After all, the Dwarves were formidable melee fighters . One shouldn’t underestimate them just because they are short, the hammers in their backs can easily deal heavy strikes with each swing . Although there weren’t much news with regards to the Elves in recent years, it was also known that the magic and archery of the Elves were top notch . Having a mixed army like this would actually help in dealing with the Demon Race .

After thinking about it, the Buddha Emperor opened his eyes slowly and said, “Alright, then we’ll move according to Mister’s plan . I shall immediately send orders, sending one army troop to defend Demon City . In any case, they are already itching for a fight . My Buddha Empire’s soldiers aren’t afraid to die, all of them wanted to make the Demons pay for the price of invading the Ark Continent . ’

Zhao Hai nodded, “Then I’ll leave you here to prepare . I’ll be





be meeting the Beastmen and the Elves next . We cannot delay in deploying troops . ”

The Buddha Emperor stood up and gave Zhao Hai a big salute, “I represent the entire Buddha Empire in expressing our gratitude to Mister . If not for your effort in going back and forth between nations, then the Buddha Empire might have already been buried in history . ”

Zhao Hai was then quick to reply, “Your Majesty is too polite, I’m just considering the fate of the entire continent . Your Majesty can rest assured, I’ve already arranged for your people’s stay inside the Lyon Empire . At the same time, the Aksu Empire has been short of people, for those who are willing to help with the manpower, I shall have them sent there by boat . ”

The Buddha Emperor looked at Zhao Hai, he didn’t know what to say . He knew that without Zhao Hai, it would be impossible for the Buddha Empire to survive . They might already been conquered by the Demons by now . Moreover, the eastern parts of the Buddha Empire might have also fallen to the Dragon-ruled Lyon Empire .

Zhao Hai gave the Buddha Emperor a slight bow as he turned around to leave the Imperial palace . When Zhao Hai left, the Buddha Emperor immediately sent some orders, “Pass this order, have the armies near the Rising Sun City, Lower Bank City, South Plain City, Water Wheel City, Broad Flat City congregate . Have them form a defensive line along the river . The west bank cities would need to do the same as well . Mister told me that he would have marine friends assist us, so we should fortify the river locations . Run along the other branches of Iron Warhorse City and have armies stationed there as well . Control the logistics and have all those points interconnected with each other . Let’s make the Demons regret going through the Buddha Empire, we’ll make them bleed out with every step they make . With the capital as the center, we will have six strategic lines going outwards . The Buddha Empire will be the greatest fortress the continent has ever seen . ”

The officials in the Great Hall issued a huge shout . The Buddha Emperor looked at them and said, “Mister Zhao Hai has been going all out in the frontlines





the frontlines . He is doing this not only for us, but also for the entire continent . We, the Buddha Empire, are not afraid of war . Since Mister Zhao Hai is willing to give his all to the continent, then the Buddha Empire shall help him by becoming an advantageous battlefield for the alliance . This is our home, there’s nobody more familiar with the place than us . We shall make the Demons understand that it was a mistake stepping in the lands if the Buddha Empire!” Overwhelmed with his emotions, the Buddha Empire even slammed the table right in front of him .

The Ministers in the Great Hall simultaneously shouted, “Long Live the Buddha Empire!! Long Live his Majesty!” The Buddha Emperor looked at tho officials and said, “The entire Ark Continent has entered a special period . Various brothers from the other races will be helping us . I want all of you to remember that from now on, all these races will be the friends of the Human Race . Spread my command, have all our brothers from a different race be treated with utmost hospitality . Anyone disobeying this rule will be punished heavily!”

The ministers acknowledged the order . Then the Buddha Emperor nodded and said, “Go and make your preparations . Tabulate the needed materials and then report back to me . We’ll be asking mister for help in this regard . Now go!” After giving a bow, the ministers proceeded to leave the Great Hall .

When everyone left, the Buddha Emperor slowly sat down on his throne . His eyes were shining brightly as he laughed by himself, “Hahaha, be quick, Demons . Let me see who is more formidable, you or my Iron Knights! Hahaha” After all that happened in the Buddha Empire, the fear and anxiety that the Buddha Emperor felt had been swept away . Instead, it actually provoked his arrogance . He suddenly reverted back to his attitude back when he was just an ordinary soldier, during the times where he was still hot-blooded and was charging his enemies in the frontlines . Ever since he had become the Emperor, this mindset had slowly withdrew . But now, it seems like it was reignited due to the upcoming war .

Zhao Hai wasn’t aware about this, he was currently inside the Elven Forest . When

. When the Elves spotted Zhao Hai, they immediately sent a report to the Queen who invited Zhao Hai directly to the Royal Palace .

Upon arriving at the palace hall, Zhao Hai met the newly appointed Great Elder . He immediately gave a bow to the Queen and the elder before saying, “I have seen Your Majesty and the Great Elder . ”

The Queen quickly replied, “Mister doesn’t need to conform to ceremony . May I know why mister made a visit this time?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I have an important matter to tell you, Your Majesty . The matter is like this… . ” Then Zhao Hai told the Queen the matter that he had discussed with Billy . “Your Majesty, I’d like it if you are to send troops to help defend Demon City . I have discussed this matter with the Buddha Emperor as well . What do you think?”

The Queen frowned, to be honest, she didn’t want the Elves to mingle with the others . However, she was also aware of how effective Zhao Hai’s plan would be . Therefore, she gave a nod and said, “Alright, then I shall send 5000 archers to be dispatched to Demon City . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then Your Majesty has my gratitude . I won’t be staying here for long, I still need to go to the Beastmen . However, Your Majesty can rest assured, nobody would dare touch the Elves if they appear in the continent . Otherwise, I shall be the first one to punish them . And also, when I leave, I shall be leaving 5000 Blood Hawks to be the mounts of the Elves . The Blood Hawks are more suitable mounts for combat compared to the Voiceless Soundbirds . When Your Majesty has prepared your army, you can have them ride the Blood Hawk towards Demon City . ” The Queen nodded and said, “Alright, then we shall be following Mister’s arrangement . ” Zhao Hai gave the Queen a bow before he turned around to leave .

When Zhao Hai left, the Great Elder looked at the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, should we really dispatch troops this early? To be honest, with our current strength, we can sufficiently hold the Demons back inside the forest . On the other hand, why do we need to work together with the Humans?”

 Chapter 696 Deploying Troops When Zhao Hai saw the Emperor s expression, he immediately knew what the other was thinking . He smiled at the Emperor and said, There s no need for Your Majesty to be worried, everything is going fine . Let s head inside first . Upon hearing that there wasn t anything wrong with the frontline, the Emperor nodded . Then they returned back into the Great Hall . There were also plenty of ministers present inside, all of them were anxiously looking at Zhao Hai . After giving a salute to the ministers, Zhao Hai said, The Demons have appeared in the Demonic Abyss . However, they didn t attack Demon City immediately . Instead, they actually went and started to build a city . Building a City What Zhao Hai said made the other people gawk . But then, they immediately understood the actions of the Demons, each and every one of their complexions couldn t help but change . Zhao Hai looked at those present and said, Everyone, there s no need to worry too much . I had a small contact with the Demons yesterday, none of us lost nor won . This means that I can stop the Demons there for quite some time . And since the Demons are busy with their city, we still have some time before they begin to launch attacks towards the continent . The crowd relaxed, then Zhao Hai turned his head to the Buddha Emperor and said, Your Majesty, I want to ask you to refrain from sending too many troops to Demon City . The Buddha Emperor stared, then he knit his eyebrows and said, Mister s meaning is Then Zhao Hai replied, Although Demon City is in a strategic place, its terrains isn t suited for large scale battles . Moreover, the Buddha Empire s elite cavalry isn t really suitable to defend a city . Instead, they excelled in wide plain battles . Because of this, I came here to ask Your Majesty to not send too many Iron Knights to Demon City . Instead, we should divide them to various strategic points in the Buddha Empire . I shall also be asking the Dwarves, Elves, and Beastmen to help with the fight . We ll be making the entire Buddha Empire into a giant battlefield . And establishing our own advantages here will be good against the Demon attack . The Buddha Emperor quietly closed his eyes . He wasn t someone who didn t understand military affairs . On the contrary, he actually started in the military, so he was very familiar with strategic decisions . The Demons had come suddenly and he wasn t able to think much about them at all . So when he heard Zhao Hai, he couldn t help but think about the matters of the war . The Buddha Emperor wasn t dumb, he knew that it was impossible for the Buddha Empire alone to block the Demon Advance . Otherwise, he wouldn t have listened to Zhao Hai s request to have the civilians be evacuated . Because of this, the Buddha Emperor was in staunch agreement with regards to turning his entire Empire into a huge battlefield . His heart didn t feel pain for those cities, he knew that all of these needed to be done . As long as the citizens are alive, then the Empire is still standing . At the same time, he was also considering the feasibility of Zhao Hai s plan . The Buddha Empire s Iron Knight Cavalry was very well known . Additionally, when they mounted the beasts that Zhao Hai brought, the Buddha Empire s Cavalry, along with the Beastmen, can definitely take advantage of the Buddha Empire s plains in order to resist the Demon advance . On the other hand, having Dwarf Infantry was also very good in defending Demon City . After all, the Dwarves were formidable melee fighters . One shouldn t underestimate them just because they are short, the hammers in their backs can easily deal heavy strikes with each swing . Although there weren t much news with regards to the Elves in recent years, it was also known that the magic and archery of the Elves were top notch . Having a mixed army like this would actually help in dealing with the Demon Race . After thinking about it, the Buddha Emperor opened his eyes slowly and said, Alright, then we ll move according to Mister s plan . I shall immediately send orders, sending one army troop to defend Demon City . In any case, they are already itching for a fight . My Buddha Empire s soldiers aren t afraid to die, all of them wanted to make the Demons pay for the price of invading the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai nodded, Then I ll leave you here to prepare . I ll be meeting the Beastmen and the Elves next . We cannot delay in deploying troops . The Buddha Emperor stood up and gave Zhao Hai a big salute, I represent the entire Buddha Empire in expressing our gratitude to Mister . If not for your effort in going back and forth between nations, then the Buddha Empire might have already been buried in history . Zhao Hai was then quick to reply, Your Majesty is too polite, I m just considering the fate of the entire continent . Your Majesty can rest assured, I ve already arranged for your people s stay inside the Lyon Empire . At the same time, the Aksu Empire has been short of people, for those who are willing to help with the manpower, I shall have them sent there by boat . The Buddha Emperor looked at Zhao Hai, he didn t know what to say . He knew that without Zhao Hai, it would be impossible for the Buddha Empire to survive . They might already been conquered by the Demons by now . Moreover, the eastern parts of the Buddha Empire might have also fallen to the Dragon ruled Lyon Empire . Zhao Hai gave the Buddha Emperor a slight bow as he turned around to leave the Imperial palace . When Zhao Hai left, the Buddha Emperor immediately sent some orders, Pass this order, have the armies near the Rising Sun City, Lower Bank City, South Plain City, Water Wheel City, Broad Flat City congregate . Have them form a defensive line along the river . The west bank cities would need to do the same as well . Mister told me that he would have marine friends assist us, so we should fortify the river locations . Run along the other branches of Iron Warhorse City and have armies stationed there as well . Control the logistics and have all those points interconnected with each other . Let s make the Demons regret going through the Buddha Empire, we ll make them bleed out with every step they make . With the capital as the center, we will have six strategic lines going outwards . The Buddha Empire will be the greatest fortress the continent has ever seen . The officials in the Great Hall issued a huge shout . The Buddha Emperor looked at them and said, Mister Zhao Hai has been going all out in the frontlines . He is doing this not only for us, but also for the entire continent . We, the Buddha Empire, are not afraid of war . Since Mister Zhao Hai is willing to give his all to the continent, then the Buddha Empire shall help him by becoming an advantageous battlefield for the alliance . This is our home, there s nobody more familiar with the place than us . We shall make the Demons understand that it was a mistake stepping in the lands if the Buddha Empire Overwhelmed with his emotions, the Buddha Empire even slammed the table right in front of him . The Ministers in the Great Hall simultaneously shouted, Long Live the Buddha Empire Long Live his Majesty The Buddha Emperor looked at tho officials and said, The entire Ark Continent has entered a special period . Various brothers from the other races will be helping us . I want all of you to remember that from now on, all these races will be the friends of the Human Race . Spread my command, have all our brothers from a different race be treated with utmost hospitality . Anyone disobeying this rule will be punished heavily The ministers acknowledged the order . Then the Buddha Emperor nodded and said, Go and make your preparations . Tabulate the needed materials and then report back to me . We ll be asking mister for help in this regard . Now go After giving a bow, the ministers proceeded to leave the Great Hall . When everyone left, the Buddha Emperor slowly sat down on his throne . His eyes were shining brightly as he laughed by himself, Hahaha, be quick, Demons . Let me see who is more formidable, you or my Iron Knights Hahaha After all that happened in the Buddha Empire, the fear and anxiety that the Buddha Emperor felt had been swept away . Instead, it actually provoked his arrogance . He suddenly reverted back to his attitude back when he was just an ordinary soldier, during the times where he was still hot blooded and was charging his enemies in the frontlines . Ever since he had become the Emperor, this mindset had slowly withdrew . But now, it seems like it was reignited due to the upcoming war . Zhao Hai wasn t aware about this, he was currently inside the Elven Forest . When the Elves spotted Zhao Hai, they immediately sent a report to the Queen who invited Zhao Hai directly to the Royal Palace . Upon arriving at the palace hall, Zhao Hai met the newly appointed Great Elder . He immediately gave a bow to the Queen and the elder before saying, I have seen Your Majesty and the Great Elder . The Queen quickly replied, Mister doesn t need to conform to ceremony . May I know why mister made a visit this time Zhao Hai nodded and said, I have an important matter to tell you, Your Majesty . The matter is like this . Then Zhao Hai told the Queen the matter that he had discussed with Billy . Your Majesty, I d like it if you are to send troops to help defend Demon City . I have discussed this matter with the Buddha Emperor as well . What do you think The Queen frowned, to be honest, she didn t want the Elves to mingle with the others . However, she was also aware of how effective Zhao Hai s plan would be . Therefore, she gave a nod and said, Alright, then I shall send 5000 archers to be dispatched to Demon City . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Then Your Majesty has my gratitude . I won t be staying here for long, I still need to go to the Beastmen . However, Your Majesty can rest assured, nobody would dare touch the Elves if they appear in the continent . Otherwise, I shall be the first one to punish them . And also, when I leave, I shall be leaving 5000 Blood Hawks to be the mounts of the Elves . The Blood Hawks are more suitable mounts for combat compared to the Voiceless Soundbirds . When Your Majesty has prepared your army, you can have them ride the Blood Hawk towards Demon City . The Queen nodded and said, Alright, then we shall be following Mister s arrangement . Zhao Hai gave the Queen a bow before he turned around to leave . When Zhao Hai left, the Great Elder looked at the Queen and said, Your Majesty, should we really dispatch troops this early To be honest, with our current strength, we can sufficiently hold the Demons back inside the forest . On the other hand, why do we need to work together with the Humans





* * *





Chapter 697 – Bustling About

The Queen shook her head and said, “Things aren’t as easy as that . Although the Elven Forest is indeed our Domain, but our population isn’t really that many . On the other hand, it is for certain that the Demons will come in huge numbers . Even if we can slow them down, we would also become grinded down by numbers . There is no problem with us working with the Humans . Also, if we stay here, and the Humans aren’t able to stop the Demons, do you think that we can stop them? That’s impossible . ” The Great Elder nodded, she knew that the Queen was right . Compared to the Humans, their population was indeed to small . The Elves and the Demons have the same long life, but the Elves have the problem of procreation . This made their numbers quite small . If they were to have a battle of attrition with the Demons, then they would definitely lose .

The Queen turned to the Great Elder and said, “Moreover, Mister Zhao Hai already gave us his guarantee, there shouldn’t be any problems if we dispatch our troops . This is also a huge opportunity for all the races in the continent . If the Ark Continent can work together to resist the Demons and the Divine Race, as well as defending the Ark Continent, then the races would have an unprecedented unity for a very long time . Because of this, we cannot just hole up inside the Elven Forest . ” The Great Elder nodded, the Elves weren’t people who didn’t have any problem . s Although they had been living good lives inside the forest, the Great Elder knew that there were still things that they lacked . Before they got in contact with the Dwarves, they were in fact living worse lives .

Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking about any of these right now, he was going see the Beast King . The Beast King had also been preparing for the past few days . At this time, the entire Beastman Prairie was already aware about the Demon Race . But since they were too far from the frontlines, the only thing they can provide would be living materials as well as preparing some area for the eventual Human refugees . Aside from that, there wasn’t anything that they can do .

The Beast King wasn’t very busy when Zhao Hai arrived, therefore, he immediately invited Zhao Hai





over to this study . The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “How is it? How is the frontline?” Zhao Hai smiled at the Beast King and said, “The frontline is doing fine . This time, I came here in order to ask for some troops from the Beastmen . ” The Beast King stared for a moment, then he said, “Really? That’s great! The Warring Clans have been itching for a fight . But unfortunately, we are just too far away from the Buddha Empire . So when will I send the troops?”

When he saw the Beast King’s excitement, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “There’s no need to go quickly . I only came here to ask you for troops . At this time, it would be great if you can prepare some people to help defend Demon City . And then… . ” Zhao Hai continued on to tell the Beast King about the plans regarding the Buddha Empire .

After listening to Zhao Hai, the Beast King repeatedly nodded and said, “Alright, that’s great . I’ll arrange for the troops right away . You said you needed an army to defend Demon City? I already have a race in mind . They’re quite fond of Humans and are quite gentle . However, they are extremely strong, and are one of the few infantry focused races in the Prairie . Although they have mounts as well, their speed really aren’t that good . Defending cities shouldn’t be a problem for them . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good . Then I’ll be returning to Demon City . When your army have gathered, go send me word and I’ll take them with me to Buddha Empire and Demon City . ”

The Beast King nodded and said, “Alright, then just wait for information . The Beastmen had always wanted to try the strengths of those Demons . Thank you . ”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright, then I’ll be leaving . There are still things that are needed to be processed in the frontline . ” The Beast King nodded, then Zhao Hai returned to the Space .

However, he didn’t immediately go back to Demon City . Instead, he went to the Aksu Empire in order to see Boris . Although the army of the Aksu Empire has been restored, their veteran fighters were eliminated during the war with the Beastmen . This placed the Aksu Empire’s strength at the bottom of all the





the Empires . However, the Aksu Empire was still very cooperative now that the Demons were invading . They were providing goods to the others and was even willing to take in Buddha Empire refugees . Because of this, Zhao Hai felt the need to see Boris and discuss the new plan with him .

Boris and Zhao Hai were mortal enemies in the past, but now, the sentiment was different . They were now allies, moreover, the two haven’t met in person in the past, so there wasn’t any awkwardness between the two of them .

Boris welcomed Zhao Hai to his study, then after his people served them some tea, Boris looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Did Mister come because an accident happened in the frontline?” Zhao Hao was a bit startled, however, he managed to smile and said, “There’s no need to worry, the frontline is doing just fine . This time, I came to discuss a different matter . ” Then he told Boris about what happened to the front line, then Zhao Hai looked at Boris and said, “Your Majesty, I know about the current state of the Aksu Empire . Therefore, I won’t be asking you to dispatch some troops . However, as the war in the frontline goes on, I may need to ask for assistance, so please prepare your troops just in case . If you need anything, then don’t hesitate to send word . ” Boris nodded, “Alright, you can rest assured that the Aksu Empire will give full cooperation . My Aksu Empire might have made the wrong decision in the past, however, we won’t be repeating our mistakes this time . ”

Zhao Hai gave a nod, then he said, “Alright, then my matters here has been settled . I’ll be heading to the Rosen Empire next to discuss matters with the Rosen Emperor . ” Borise stood up and then bowed towards Zhao Hai, “Boris must thank Mister Zhao Hai . You and I are enemies, yet you decided to ignore that fact and help us . This makes me feel very guilty . Mister can rest assured, the Aksu Empire shall give its all in supporting this war . ” Zhao Hai returned Boris’ bow and said, “Your Majesty is too polite . Yours and my enmity is no more than a dispute between Humans . This time, we must unite in order to repel the invaders . In the end, the Aksu Empire has already sided with the Ark Continent Alliance





Continent Alliance . I hope that Your Majesty takes care of the rear while also providing help to the frontline . ”

Boris replied, “Mister can rest assured, I know how to do this . ” Zhao Hai nodded and then bowed to Boris once more before turning around to head towards Rosen Empire .

Zhao Hai wanted to transfer some Rosen and Lyon Empire troops to the Buddha Empire . The Buddha Empire was known for their Iron Knights, the Rosen Empire for their Iron Infantry, while the Lyon Empire for their magic beast cavalry . The Rosen Empire troops are very skilled in defending cities, on the other hand, the Lyon Cavalry was quite skilled in the plains . These two qualities were very needed by the Buddha Empire right now .

Zhao Hai didn’t return to the Rosen Empire for quite some time . Although he was now the Emperor of the Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai didn’t really want to be one right now . So in seeing the Rosen Emperor, he still conducted himself as a son-in-law . This gave the Emperor a good impression of him .

When Zhao Hai arrive to the Imperial Palace, the Emperor was already holding a conference . Naturally, this was a discussion about the Demon Race .

While they discussed, a court eunuch suddenly arrived and reported Zhao Hai’s arrival . The Emperor and Randolph were startled, they were thinking that something must’ve happened in the front line . The Emperor immediately said, “Invite him in, quickly . ”

After Zhao Hao entered the room, he immediately gave salute to the Emperor and Randolph . The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What’s the matter Little Hai? Did an accident happen in Demon City? With your strength, it should be impossible for the Demons to break through this quickly . So what happened?”

Zhao Hai immediately replied, “Father-in-law, there aren’t any problems with the frontline . As long as we have hold over Accra Mountain, there won’t be any major problems in our defense . I have just visited the various powers, and even Boris to discuss something . This time, I came to see father-in-law to discuss the same thing . I’d like for the Rosen Empire to send troops over to the Buddha Empire in order to aid with the defense . ”

The Emperor nodded and said, “This isn’t an issue . I’ve also thought about establishing an advance defensive line . We can’t just be overly passive . At the same

At the same time, the Buddha Empire is known for its Iron Knights, they can only express their full might in the plains . On the other hand the Rosen Empire troops are very skilled in siege warfare . We’re already prepared here, just tell us how much troops you need and we’ll provide it to you . ” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then I’ll make sure to send a number as soon as possible . I really can’t stay here for long, I still have a lot of matters to deal with . ”

The Emperor nodded, “You are my son-in-law, so I will definitely support you . You go busy yourself now . There’s no need to worry about our side . Focus on teaching those bastard Demons a lesson they won’t ever forget . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Father-in-law can rest assured, we’ll be doing just that . ”

The Emperor gave a satisfied nod and said, “Right how are Lizzy and Megan? You’ve been everywhere lately, how are they doing? Since they can’t provide help, then they might as well come home lest they provide you with unnecessary trouble . ”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Father-in-law, that’s not a good idea . They really aren’t giving me any trouble, instead, they are actually very helpful . At this point, the formations for my undead have already been handed to the two of them . Their talent in commanding is very good . ”

The Emperor and Randolph couldn’t help but stare, the Emperor looked puzzled at Zhao Hai as he said, “You have Megan and Lizzy take charge of your undead? Am I hearing it right?” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t dare to deceive you, I’m telling the truth . Megan and Lizzy have already been commanding my undead for quite some time . Especially back in the Fishman territory, they were a great help in defeating the Sea Dragons . In the war with the Demons, I’m also thinking of having the two of them command my undead . If they are to go home, then that would be a huge problem for me . ”

The Emperor laughed and said, “Alright, that’s good . I didn’t think that those two girls had such a skill . Alright, then we’ll have them continue to accompany you . However, you must ensure that they are safe at all times . ”

Zhao Hai quickly replied, “Father-in-law can feel relieved . I will certainly keep them safe . ”

 Chapter 697 Bustling About The Queen shook her head and said, Things aren t as easy as that . Although the Elven Forest is indeed our Domain, but our population isn t really that many . On the other hand, it is for certain that the Demons will come in huge numbers . Even if we can slow them down, we would also become grinded down by numbers . There is no problem with us working with the Humans . Also, if we stay here, and the Humans aren t able to stop the Demons, do you think that we can stop them That s impossible . The Great Elder nodded, she knew that the Queen was right . Compared to the Humans, their population was indeed to small . The Elves and the Demons have the same long life, but the Elves have the problem of procreation . This made their numbers quite small . If they were to have a battle of attrition with the Demons, then they would definitely lose . The Queen turned to the Great Elder and said, Moreover, Mister Zhao Hai already gave us his guarantee, there shouldn t be any problems if we dispatch our troops . This is also a huge opportunity for all the races in the continent . If the Ark Continent can work together to resist the Demons and the Divine Race, as well as defending the Ark Continent, then the races would have an unprecedented unity for a very long time . Because of this, we cannot just hole up inside the Elven Forest . The Great Elder nodded, the Elves weren t people who didn t have any problem . s Although they had been living good lives inside the forest, the Great Elder knew that there were still things that they lacked . Before they got in contact with the Dwarves, they were in fact living worse lives . Zhao Hai wasn t thinking about any of these right now, he was going see the Beast King . The Beast King had also been preparing for the past few days . At this time, the entire Beastman Prairie was already aware about the Demon Race . But since they were too far from the frontlines, the only thing they can provide would be living materials as well as preparing some area for the eventual Human refugees . Aside from that, there wasn t anything that they can do . The Beast King wasn t very busy when Zhao Hai arrived, therefore, he immediately invited Zhao Hai over to this study . The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, How is it How is the frontline Zhao Hai smiled at the Beast King and said, The frontline is doing fine . This time, I came here in order to ask for some troops from the Beastmen . The Beast King stared for a moment, then he said, Really That s great The Warring Clans have been itching for a fight . But unfortunately, we are just too far away from the Buddha Empire . So when will I send the troops When he saw the Beast King s excitement, Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile and said, There s no need to go quickly . I only came here to ask you for troops . At this time, it would be great if you can prepare some people to help defend Demon City . And then . Zhao Hai continued on to tell the Beast King about the plans regarding the Buddha Empire . After listening to Zhao Hai, the Beast King repeatedly nodded and said, Alright, that s great . I ll arrange for the troops right away . You said you needed an army to defend Demon City I already have a race in mind . They re quite fond of Humans and are quite gentle . However, they are extremely strong, and are one of the few infantry focused races in the Prairie . Although they have mounts as well, their speed really aren t that good . Defending cities shouldn t be a problem for them . Zhao Hai nodded, That s good . Then I ll be returning to Demon City . When your army have gathered, go send me word and I ll take them with me to Buddha Empire and Demon City . The Beast King nodded and said, Alright, then just wait for information . The Beastmen had always wanted to try the strengths of those Demons . Thank you . Zhao Hai laughed and said, Alright, then I ll be leaving . There are still things that are needed to be processed in the frontline . The Beast King nodded, then Zhao Hai returned to the Space . However, he didn t immediately go back to Demon City . Instead, he went to the Aksu Empire in order to see Boris . Although the army of the Aksu Empire has been restored, their veteran fighters were eliminated during the war with the Beastmen . This placed the Aksu Empire s strength at the bottom of all the Empires . However, the Aksu Empire was still very cooperative now that the Demons were invading . They were providing goods to the others and was even willing to take in Buddha Empire refugees . Because of this, Zhao Hai felt the need to see Boris and discuss the new plan with him . Boris and Zhao Hai were mortal enemies in the past, but now, the sentiment was different . They were now allies, moreover, the two haven t met in person in the past, so there wasn t any awkwardness between the two of them . Boris welcomed Zhao Hai to his study, then after his people served them some tea, Boris looked at Zhao Hai and said, Did Mister come because an accident happened in the frontline Zhao Hao was a bit startled, however, he managed to smile and said, There s no need to worry, the frontline is doing just fine . This time, I came to discuss a different matter . Then he told Boris about what happened to the front line, then Zhao Hai looked at Boris and said, Your Majesty, I know about the current state of the Aksu Empire . Therefore, I won t be asking you to dispatch some troops . However, as the war in the frontline goes on, I may need to ask for assistance, so please prepare your troops just in case . If you need anything, then don t hesitate to send word . Boris nodded, Alright, you can rest assured that the Aksu Empire will give full cooperation . My Aksu Empire might have made the wrong decision in the past, however, we won t be repeating our mistakes this time . Zhao Hai gave a nod, then he said, Alright, then my matters here has been settled . I ll be heading to the Rosen Empire next to discuss matters with the Rosen Emperor . Borise stood up and then bowed towards Zhao Hai, Boris must thank Mister Zhao Hai . You and I are enemies, yet you decided to ignore that fact and help us . This makes me feel very guilty . Mister can rest assured, the Aksu Empire shall give its all in supporting this war . Zhao Hai returned Boris bow and said, Your Majesty is too polite . Yours and my enmity is no more than a dispute between Humans . This time, we must unite in order to repel the invaders . In the end, the Aksu Empire has already sided with the Ark Continent Alliance . I hope that Your Majesty takes care of the rear while also providing help to the frontline . Boris replied, Mister can rest assured, I know how to do this . Zhao Hai nodded and then bowed to Boris once more before turning around to head towards Rosen Empire . Zhao Hai wanted to transfer some Rosen and Lyon Empire troops to the Buddha Empire . The Buddha Empire was known for their Iron Knights, the Rosen Empire for their Iron Infantry, while the Lyon Empire for their magic beast cavalry . The Rosen Empire troops are very skilled in defending cities, on the other hand, the Lyon Cavalry was quite skilled in the plains . These two qualities were very needed by the Buddha Empire right now . Zhao Hai didn t return to the Rosen Empire for quite some time . Although he was now the Emperor of the Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai didn t really want to be one right now . So in seeing the Rosen Emperor, he still conducted himself as a son in law . This gave the Emperor a good impression of him . When Zhao Hai arrive to the Imperial Palace, the Emperor was already holding a conference . Naturally, this was a discussion about the Demon Race . While they discussed, a court eunuch suddenly arrived and reported Zhao Hai s arrival . The Emperor and Randolph were startled, they were thinking that something must ve happened in the front line . The Emperor immediately said, Invite him in, quickly . After Zhao Hao entered the room, he immediately gave salute to the Emperor and Randolph . The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and said, What s the matter Little Hai Did an accident happen in Demon City With your strength, it should be impossible for the Demons to break through this quickly . So what happened Zhao Hai immediately replied, Father in law, there aren t any problems with the frontline . As long as we have hold over Accra Mountain, there won t be any major problems in our defense . I have just visited the various powers, and even Boris to discuss something . This time, I came to see father in law to discuss the same thing . I d like for the Rosen Empire to send troops over to the Buddha Empire in order to aid with the defense . The Emperor nodded and said, This isn t an issue . I ve also thought about establishing an advance defensive line . We can t just be overly passive . At the same time, the Buddha Empire is known for its Iron Knights, they can only express their full might in the plains . On the other hand the Rosen Empire troops are very skilled in siege warfare . We re already prepared here, just tell us how much troops you need and we ll provide it to you . Zhao Hai smiled and said, Alright, then I ll make sure to send a number as soon as possible . I really can t stay here for long, I still have a lot of matters to deal with . The Emperor nodded, You are my son in law, so I will definitely support you . You go busy yourself now . There s no need to worry about our side . Focus on teaching those bastard Demons a lesson they won t ever forget . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Father in law can rest assured, we ll be doing just that . The Emperor gave a satisfied nod and said, Right how are Lizzy and Megan You ve been everywhere lately, how are they doing Since they can t provide help, then they might as well come home lest they provide you with unnecessary trouble . Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, Father in law, that s not a good idea . They really aren t giving me any trouble, instead, they are actually very helpful . At this point, the formations for my undead have already been handed to the two of them . Their talent in commanding is very good . The Emperor and Randolph couldn t help but stare, the Emperor looked puzzled at Zhao Hai as he said, You have Megan and Lizzy take charge of your undead Am I hearing it right Zhao Hai smiled and said, I won t dare to deceive you, I m telling the truth . Megan and Lizzy have already been commanding my undead for quite some time . Especially back in the Fishman territory, they were a great help in defeating the Sea Dragons . In the war with the Demons, I m also thinking of having the two of them command my undead . If they are to go home, then that would be a huge problem for me . The Emperor laughed and said, Alright, that s good . I didn t think that those two girls had such a skill . Alright, then we ll have them continue to accompany you . However, you must ensure that they are safe at all times . Zhao Hai quickly replied, Father in law can feel relieved . I will certainly keep them safe .





* * *





Chapter 698 – Crucial Refining

Zhao Hai was currently looking at Bubble who was floating in front of him . Although Zhao Hai can’t see any expression on him, he was sure that Bubble was having a smug expression .

However, Zhao Hai was too glad to mess around with Bubble . This was because the little blob was now able to do refining . Moreover, the experiments done on the Space’s plants yielded great results . Bubble was now ready to refine the lotus . Zhao Hai was wondering what surprises the lotus would bring once it has been refined .

Zhao Hai looked at Bubble, then he snorted and said, “What are you being so smug about? Go and start working on the lotus . Refine everything in the pool as well . If anything goes wrong, then I will definitely clean you up . ”

Bubble wasn’t very afraid of Zhao Hai, he was smart, he knew that although Zhao Hai was being hostile, Zhao Hai wouldn’t do anything to him . Zhao Hai just cared too much about the lotus, so if anything goes wrong, then Zhao Hai would be very disappointed .

Although Bubble was quite a headache, in fact, he had already considered Zhao Hai as his master . He knew when things were crucial and when he could mess around . So upon hearing Zhao Hai, Bubble immediately turned around and went to the pool where the lotus was placed . Then after a moment, the lotus pool suddenly disappeared . Zhao Hai wasn’t too surprised about it, he knew that Bubble had his own space inside his body where he can store things . Bubble just needed the lotus to be inside so that he can slowly refine it .

Zhao Hai made Bubble come closer, then he looked into Bubble’s transparent body and saw a small bubble where the lotus was located . Zhao Hai nodded and then looked at Bubble and said, “Bubble, remember to refine the lotus well . There should be no mistakes . Place every inch of your energy in refining, don’t get distracted . Understand?”

Bubble complied as he said, “Young Master, feel relieved, I shall complete it with no problems . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned around and proceeded to head towards the villa . He was receiving messages from the various powers in the alliance aside from the Lyon Empire since there was no need for





it . Although Zhao Hai was just a temporary Emperor of the Lyon Empire, the Great Nobles of the Empire still wouldn’t dare to disobey him . Not only because of Zhao Hai’s strength, but also because of his status as the focal point of the alliance . If they dared to misbehave under Zhao Hai, then the days left for them to live wouldn’t be very long .

Zhao Hai also instructed them to prepare some troops . At the same time, he also released more magic beasts in order to reestablish the Empire’s elite cavalry unit, making it much stronger than before .

When Zhao Hai came back from the Lyon Empire, Bubble had approached him about his success in refining the plants in the Space . Therefore, Zhao Hai wasn’t able to enter the villa up until now .

When Zhao Hai entered the villa, he was immediately greeted by Ruyen’s smiling face while she was talking with Berry . Lizzy and Megan were at the side as well, looking at the monitor, probably discussing various battle formations and so on .

Upon hearing the sound of the door, the group immediately turned their heads and saw that Zhao Hai has come back . They quickly stood up and welcomed him in . Zhao Hai looked at the women and then smiled, he felt a warm feeling in his heart while looking at this scene . Then he smiled to the group and said, “What’s happening? Are there new formations?”

Lizzy smiled and replied, “How could it be as easy as that? We’re just introducing the Space to sister Ruyen and sister Berry . Big Brother Hai, you should give sister Ruyen some work inside the Space . With this, her body would be benefited as well . And also, we can approach her to discuss some matters later on . What do you think?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “You don’t need to ask me about these things, you can just do it yourself . Ruyen, you can help Laura in the future . Lizzy and Megan aren’t skilled in that area . The only one that can currently lend Laura a hand is you . Now that the continent is at war, material distribution, manpower problems, and the likes are needed to be sorted out properly . Laura has been busy doing these things alone, you should be able to at least ease her burden . LIzzy and





and Megan will have to command the army a few days from now, so you and Laura need to work hard . ” Ruyen immediately replied, “Alright, Brother Hai, rest assured, I will help sister Laura with management . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Berry . He didn’t know much about the Succubus so he said, “Berry, do you want to stay inside the Space or do you want to go outside with me? If you stay in the Space, then you need to find something to do, otherwise you will get bored . If you go outside, then you can stay by my side . ”

Berry quickly replied, “I’ll go and follow you out . The other sisters are very busy with their own affairs inside the Space while I have nothing else to do . I can take care of anything that you need when you’re outside . I have already discussed this matter with sister Lizzy and the others . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then do as you like . How is Demon City doing right now?”

Lizzy replied, “There aren’t any significant developments in Demon City . However, the Dwarves had already arranged their army . You should look and see if you can transfer them to Demon City right now . ”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “Tell Patriarch Billy to wait . I’ll immediately go and tell General Besmir to prepare a place for the Dwarves to stay in . This is the first cooperation between Humans and Dwarves after a long time, it needs to be processed well . ”

Lizzy nodded, then she said, “Alright, then I’ll go talk to Patriarch Billy . Sister Berry, we’ll be leaving Brother Hai’s care to you . As you can see, we have a lot of things to take care of at this time . Only you can take care of Brother Hai right now . ”

Berry quickly replied, “Sister, rest assured, I will take good care of Brother Hai . ”

Zhao Hai just smiled faintly and didn’t say anything . Actually, he’d much prefer having Meg take care of him . After all, Meg has been looking after him for a long time, so he was already familiar with her routine . However, Meg was also quite busy in helping Laura with her job . With her being heavily engaged, it would be impossible for her to take care of Zhao Hai .

On the





On the other hand, it was quite obvious that Berry had zero interest in those matters . This made it possible for her to go outside of the Space with Zhao Hai .

At this time, Besmir was quite worried . The only thing he knew was that Zhao Hai had fought with the Demons and then went back to the city to take a rest . Besmir didn’t know whether Zhao Hai was doing well or maybe he has been injured . If Zhao Hai was wounded, then it would be a fatal blow to their morale . However, when Zhao Hai came in along with a beautiful woman, Besmir immediately calmed down . Then he went forward to greet Zhao Hai, “Mister came . Please come in . May I know the details regarding mister’s fight with the Demons?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “It went quite fairly . None of us has taken too much of an advantage over the other, it’s a tie . Right, I came here to talk about something . ”

Besmir quickly said, “I ask Mister to tell me and I will do my best to comply . ”

Zhao Hai said, “General is too polite, there’s no need to be so formal . I just want to ask you to prepare three camps in the next few days, the sooner they get finished, the better . Some Dwarves will be arriving later, they will help us with defending against the Demons . In a few days, Beastmen and Elven warriors will arrive as well . I want you to prepare three separate areas for each of them . Also, make sure to tell everyone to refrain from offending them . Our cooperation with the other races will be very crucial in the following days . ”

Besmir couldn’t help but stare for a moment when he heard Zhao Hai . But it didn’t take too long before he became elated with the news . He was aware that although everyone was willing to resist the Demons, it wasn’t necessary for them to send troops over . At the same time the people of Demons City had already accepted this truth . The others can just be considered to be offering moral support . But now that the other powers are sending their troops, the morale of the defenders would surely surge up once more .

Although Zhao Hai didn’t say it, Besmir knew that these

knew that these people were all invited by Zhao Hai . Besmir didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would have this much clout over the other races . This was very good for the alliance, so Besmir quickly agreed, “Mister, rest assured, I shall arrange for those areas immediately . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Also, the Elves only take fruits and green vegetables as food, they don’t eat meat . Pay attention to this when giving them rations . On the other hand, the Beastmen love meat . Both the Dwarves and the Beastmen also liked to drink liquor, prepare some for them . If you don’t have any of these in hand, then don’t hesitate to inform me . ”

Besmir quickly replied, “Yes Mister . I’ve noted them all down . Don’t worry, I’ll make sure that nothing goes wrong . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he adds, “Remember to keep the area for the Elves very clean, they don’t like dirty places . Also, tell the soldiers to refrain from looking at the reinforcements as though they are monsters . The Dwarves and the Beastmen are quick to lose their temper, and the Elves get offended quite easily . Small problems like these wouldn’t be good when the actual fight comes . ”

Besmir replied, “Alright, I’ll take care of it . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked outside and the sighed, “I already talked with His Majesty . While we delay the Demons here as much as possible, the Buddha Empire will mobilize its own army in order to provide defensive lines all over the empire . When all of the citizens have withdrawn, the entire Buddha Empire shall be converted into a huge fortress . We’ll make the Demons suffer when the set foot into its lands . ”

Besmir’s eyes couldn’t help but fire up when he heard this, his hatred for the Demons couldn’t help but resurface as he replied, “Alright, Mister can rest assured, everything will go according to plan . But with this, it is inevitable that the Buddha Empire will be destroyed . ”

Zhao Hai lightly sighed and said, “The Buddha Empire’s land will surely be destroyed . However, as long as its citizens survive, then sooner or later we can reclaim the land and revive the Empire . It’s useless to worry about the land . Don’t forget, the most important thing to the Empire is its people and its talents . ”

 Chapter 698 Crucial Refining Zhao Hai was currently looking at Bubble who was floating in front of him . Although Zhao Hai can t see any expression on him, he was sure that Bubble was having a smug expression . However, Zhao Hai was too glad to mess around with Bubble . This was because the little blob was now able to do refining . Moreover, the experiments done on the Space s plants yielded great results . Bubble was now ready to refine the lotus . Zhao Hai was wondering what surprises the lotus would bring once it has been refined . Zhao Hai looked at Bubble, then he snorted and said, What are you being so smug about Go and start working on the lotus . Refine everything in the pool as well . If anything goes wrong, then I will definitely clean you up . Bubble wasn t very afraid of Zhao Hai, he was smart, he knew that although Zhao Hai was being hostile, Zhao Hai wouldn t do anything to him . Zhao Hai just cared too much about the lotus, so if anything goes wrong, then Zhao Hai would be very disappointed . Although Bubble was quite a headache, in fact, he had already considered Zhao Hai as his master . He knew when things were crucial and when he could mess around . So upon hearing Zhao Hai, Bubble immediately turned around and went to the pool where the lotus was placed . Then after a moment, the lotus pool suddenly disappeared . Zhao Hai wasn t too surprised about it, he knew that Bubble had his own space inside his body where he can store things . Bubble just needed the lotus to be inside so that he can slowly refine it . Zhao Hai made Bubble come closer, then he looked into Bubble s transparent body and saw a small bubble where the lotus was located . Zhao Hai nodded and then looked at Bubble and said, Bubble, remember to refine the lotus well . There should be no mistakes . Place every inch of your energy in refining, don t get distracted . Understand Bubble complied as he said, Young Master, feel relieved, I shall complete it with no problems . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned around and proceeded to head towards the villa . He was receiving messages from the various powers in the alliance aside from the Lyon Empire since there was no need for it . Although Zhao Hai was just a temporary Emperor of the Lyon Empire, the Great Nobles of the Empire still wouldn t dare to disobey him . Not only because of Zhao Hai s strength, but also because of his status as the focal point of the alliance . If they dared to misbehave under Zhao Hai, then the days left for them to live wouldn t be very long . Zhao Hai also instructed them to prepare some troops . At the same time, he also released more magic beasts in order to reestablish the Empire s elite cavalry unit, making it much stronger than before . When Zhao Hai came back from the Lyon Empire, Bubble had approached him about his success in refining the plants in the Space . Therefore, Zhao Hai wasn t able to enter the villa up until now . When Zhao Hai entered the villa, he was immediately greeted by Ruyen s smiling face while she was talking with Berry . Lizzy and Megan were at the side as well, looking at the monitor, probably discussing various battle formations and so on . Upon hearing the sound of the door, the group immediately turned their heads and saw that Zhao Hai has come back . They quickly stood up and welcomed him in . Zhao Hai looked at the women and then smiled, he felt a warm feeling in his heart while looking at this scene . Then he smiled to the group and said, What s happening Are there new formations Lizzy smiled and replied, How could it be as easy as that We re just introducing the Space to sister Ruyen and sister Berry . Big Brother Hai, you should give sister Ruyen some work inside the Space . With this, her body would be benefited as well . And also, we can approach her to discuss some matters later on . What do you think Zhao Hai nodded and said, You don t need to ask me about these things, you can just do it yourself . Ruyen, you can help Laura in the future . Lizzy and Megan aren t skilled in that area . The only one that can currently lend Laura a hand is you . Now that the continent is at war, material distribution, manpower problems, and the likes are needed to be sorted out properly . Laura has been busy doing these things alone, you should be able to at least ease her burden . LIzzy and Megan will have to command the army a few days from now, so you and Laura need to work hard . Ruyen immediately replied, Alright, Brother Hai, rest assured, I will help sister Laura with management . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Berry . He didn t know much about the Succubus so he said, Berry, do you want to stay inside the Space or do you want to go outside with me If you stay in the Space, then you need to find something to do, otherwise you will get bored . If you go outside, then you can stay by my side . Berry quickly replied, I ll go and follow you out . The other sisters are very busy with their own affairs inside the Space while I have nothing else to do . I can take care of anything that you need when you re outside . I have already discussed this matter with sister Lizzy and the others . Zhao Hai nodded, Alright, then do as you like . How is Demon City doing right now Lizzy replied, There aren t any significant developments in Demon City . However, the Dwarves had already arranged their army . You should look and see if you can transfer them to Demon City right now . Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, Tell Patriarch Billy to wait . I ll immediately go and tell General Besmir to prepare a place for the Dwarves to stay in . This is the first cooperation between Humans and Dwarves after a long time, it needs to be processed well . Lizzy nodded, then she said, Alright, then I ll go talk to Patriarch Billy . Sister Berry, we ll be leaving Brother Hai s care to you . As you can see, we have a lot of things to take care of at this time . Only you can take care of Brother Hai right now . Berry quickly replied, Sister, rest assured, I will take good care of Brother Hai . Zhao Hai just smiled faintly and didn t say anything . Actually, he d much prefer having Meg take care of him . After all, Meg has been looking after him for a long time, so he was already familiar with her routine . However, Meg was also quite busy in helping Laura with her job . With her being heavily engaged, it would be impossible for her to take care of Zhao Hai . On the other hand, it was quite obvious that Berry had zero interest in those matters . This made it possible for her to go outside of the Space with Zhao Hai . At this time, Besmir was quite worried . The only thing he knew was that Zhao Hai had fought with the Demons and then went back to the city to take a rest . Besmir didn t know whether Zhao Hai was doing well or maybe he has been injured . If Zhao Hai was wounded, then it would be a fatal blow to their morale . However, when Zhao Hai came in along with a beautiful woman, Besmir immediately calmed down . Then he went forward to greet Zhao Hai, Mister came . Please come in . May I know the details regarding mister s fight with the Demons Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, It went quite fairly . None of us has taken too much of an advantage over the other, it s a tie . Right, I came here to talk about something . Besmir quickly said, I ask Mister to tell me and I will do my best to comply . Zhao Hai said, General is too polite, there s no need to be so formal . I just want to ask you to prepare three camps in the next few days, the sooner they get finished, the better . Some Dwarves will be arriving later, they will help us with defending against the Demons . In a few days, Beastmen and Elven warriors will arrive as well . I want you to prepare three separate areas for each of them . Also, make sure to tell everyone to refrain from offending them . Our cooperation with the other races will be very crucial in the following days . Besmir couldn t help but stare for a moment when he heard Zhao Hai . But it didn t take too long before he became elated with the news . He was aware that although everyone was willing to resist the Demons, it wasn t necessary for them to send troops over . At the same time the people of Demons City had already accepted this truth . The others can just be considered to be offering moral support . But now that the other powers are sending their troops, the morale of the defenders would surely surge up once more . Although Zhao Hai didn t say it, Besmir knew that these people were all invited by Zhao Hai . Besmir didn t expect that Zhao Hai would have this much clout over the other races . This was very good for the alliance, so Besmir quickly agreed, Mister, rest assured, I shall arrange for those areas immediately . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Also, the Elves only take fruits and green vegetables as food, they don t eat meat . Pay attention to this when giving them rations . On the other hand, the Beastmen love meat . Both the Dwarves and the Beastmen also liked to drink liquor, prepare some for them . If you don t have any of these in hand, then don t hesitate to inform me . Besmir quickly replied, Yes Mister . I ve noted them all down . Don t worry, I ll make sure that nothing goes wrong . Zhao Hai nodded, then he adds, Remember to keep the area for the Elves very clean, they don t like dirty places . Also, tell the soldiers to refrain from looking at the reinforcements as though they are monsters . The Dwarves and the Beastmen are quick to lose their temper, and the Elves get offended quite easily . Small problems like these wouldn t be good when the actual fight comes . Besmir replied, Alright, I ll take care of it . Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked outside and the sighed, I already talked with His Majesty . While we delay the Demons here as much as possible, the Buddha Empire will mobilize its own army in order to provide defensive lines all over the empire . When all of the citizens have withdrawn, the entire Buddha Empire shall be converted into a huge fortress . We ll make the Demons suffer when the set foot into its lands . Besmir s eyes couldn t help but fire up when he heard this, his hatred for the Demons couldn t help but resurface as he replied, Alright, Mister can rest assured, everything will go according to plan . But with this, it is inevitable that the Buddha Empire will be destroyed . Zhao Hai lightly sighed and said, The Buddha Empire s land will surely be destroyed . However, as long as its citizens survive, then sooner or later we can reclaim the land and revive the Empire . It s useless to worry about the land . Don t forget, the most important thing to the Empire is its people and its talents .





* * *





Chapter 699 – Dwarf Race

Citizens of Demon City have already withdrawn, so even if the army had moved in, there were still a lot of unoccupied space inside the City . Because of this, it didn’t take too long for Besmir to arrange three separate areas for the reinforcements to settle in .

Moreover, Besmir has sent word that the Dwarves will be coming soon . He told the people to not provoke the Dwarves since their temperaments aren’t very good .

When this information spread in the city, the people immediately expressed their reaction . All of them had the same idea as Besmir . Although it was said that there was an alliance between the Humans and the other races in order to resist the Demons, a long time has passed without any reinforcements coming . This made the defenders think that this was just a rumor that was disseminated by the major empires of the continent . And at the same time, Zhao Hai’s presence here was only to calm their worries . They didn’t think that the other races would actually send some troops to help defend the city .

Zhao Hai didn’t care about these reactions . After Besmir arranged the living areas, he immediately took Berry to inspect them . When there weren’t any problems, Zhao Hai led Berry outside the city as he opened a spatial rift allowing the Dwarf passage towards Demon City .

The one who led the Dwarven Army was an elder, Zhao Hai believes that the name of this elder should be Julian . He was quite a young elder and his relationship with Zhao Hai was quite good .

When Julian came out of the rift, he bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, we have fifty thousand soldiers here as well as ten thousand iron beasts . ”

After Zhao Hai returned the courtesy, he smiled and said, “Alright . Follow me, I’ll be taking you to your area . ”

Julian nodded, then he turned around to give orders to the army . These people were the most outstanding soldiers of the Dwarven Race . All of them had their war hammers, full iron armor, and iron shield . Besides these, they also had a set of small hatchets for long-distance attacks .

Before long, the fifty thousand troops and





ten thousand iron beasts are ready to move . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Brothers, we’ll be heading to the battle quite soon . This will be the first time that we will have a cooperation with the Humans after a long time . Don’t be surprised of their gazes, they are just curious . We’ll just shock them when the battle comes . Still, if people dared to laugh at you, then don’t punch them immediately, report the matter to me first and I shall deal with it myself!”

This was how Zhao Hai always talked to the Dwarves, so they were already quite used to it . When Zhao Hai finished talking, all of them issued a shout . Then they followed Zhao Hai to Demon City . While heading there, all of them were curiously looking around . Nobody could blame them, after all, they had been inside Dwarf Mountain for a very long time . It wouldn’t be strange if they were to be interested in this new place .

Before long, the large unit approached Demon City . When the soldiers in the city spotted Zhao Hai’s group, they didn’t move and just stood there because of the instruction that they had just received . However, all of them couldn’t help but stretch their necks in curiosity . On the other hand, the adventurers weren’t very disciplined and just went towards the walls and looked at the Dwarves . But nobody dared to say a word, all of them knew about the temperament of the Dwarves as well as Zhao Hai’s orders . If they dared to say anything, then Zhao Hai definitely wouldn’t let them off .

In fact, these adventurers were extremely afraid of Zhao Hai . He was known to be very vicious and merciless, turning several hundred thousand Aksu Empire soldiers into undead in a single night . This was something that cannot be simply forgotten .

Therefore, these adventurers just looked at the Dwarves without making a single noise nor gesture . Zhao Hai was very satisfied with this result . He quickly brought the Dwarves to their area before taking Julian to see Besmir . After all, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to be here all the time, so Julian and Besmir needed to





to be acquainted to each other for future cooperation .

When Zhao Hai took Julian to the General’s residence, Besmir immediately gave them a cordial welcome . Besmir looked at Julian with curiosity while Zhao Hai gave Besmir a salute and said, “General, let me introduce you to the Dwarven Elder Julian . Julian, this is General Besmir, Buddha Empire’s general for Demon City’s defense army . ”

Julian and Besmir gave each other a salute, then Zhao Hai said, “Alright, then let’s head in . ” After that, the three of them went inside the General’s residence .

Inside the residence, there was a large topographic map of Demon City . Zhao Hai went towards the map and pointed at something and said, “We’re here in Demon City in order to defend against the Demon advance . At this time, the Demons are still busying themselves by building their city . However, I believe that they have their own mages, so it wouldn’t take too long before they finish . When the city gets built, I believe that God-ranked experts of the Demon Realm will start to make a move . Although they are suppressed by the Ark Continent and cannot stay here for too long, they can still pose a threat to our position . Now that the Dwarves have come, I have one request for you to do . We need tunnels going from the city towards an area outside of it, we need them as soon as possible . They should be deep and large enough for our purpose of using them as our escape passage . Julian, what do you think?” Julian nodded and said, “This is not a problem, leave it to us . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Besmir and said, “You coordinate with the Dwarves, this is something important for us . If a God-ranked expert comes, we can use that tunnel in order to escape . ”

Besmir nodded, “Mister, you can feel relieved . I know what to do, there’s no need to worry about it . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head back to Julian and said, “Julian, you should restrain the tempers of the Dwarves as well . We need a harmonious environment in this alliance . If we have some fights, then it would be disadvantageous for





disadvantageous for us in the future . ”

Julian nodded, “I understand . We came this time to wage war with the Demons, not with the Humans Race . ” Zhao hai nodded, then he looked at Besmir and said, “General, restrain the mercenaries and adventurers as well . Don’t make them go too far . If they do, then there would be no need to wait for the Dwarves to retaliate, I will do the job for them . ”

Besmir nodded, he knew the importance of the current matter . The entire continent needed to be unified right now . If these fellows were to go too far, then Zhao Hai certainly wouldn’t let them off .

Zhao Hai looked at the two and said, “The Dwarf tunnel must be made as secretly as possible . We want the entrance to be well hidden, even to our own people . With this, we can also use those tunnels in order to stage a counter-attack . ”

Julian nodded, “I understand . Don’t worry, we know what to do . ”

Zhao Hao nodded, “Then that’s good . Julian, you go back and take a rest first . You can start working tomorrow . I still need to go out of the city to take a look at things . General, make the soldiers pay more attention . In the next few days, the Elves will be arriving, extreme discipline will be needed in order to peacefully cooperate with them . ”

Besmir nodded and said, “Alright, mister doesn’t need to worry about it . ”

Zhao Hai nods, then the looked at Julian and said, “Let’s go . After I take you back, I’ll be leaving some liquor for your men as well . Let them enjoy their stay here in the meantime . ”

Julian laughed and replied, “That would be good . We didn’t bring any liquor this time, we’re expecting that you would provide for us . ” Zhao Hai laughed as well as he led Julian out of the General’s residence .

While Besmir looked at Zhao Hai and Julian’s backs, he finally understood how Zhao Hai could have a good relationship with the other races . This was because Zhao Hai didn’t treat them as another race, his treatment of them wasn’t different from his treatment towards the Humans . It

. It was this easy .

However, even if this was easy to do, only a few can manage to do it . The Humans of the continent were too used to feeling superior . They have always looked down at the other races . This made the other races dislike them in turn . In the end, nobody liked anybody, making it impossible for them to cooperate .

Besmir sighed, then he turned around and went back to his room . To be honest, he was also looking down on the other races, but Zhao Hai woke him up . The situation was now very different, they couldn’t just look down on different races anymore .

When Zhao Hai escorted Julian to his camp, he also left behind a lot of liquor . As for the other necessities, there was no need to worry about them, Besmir already prepared it for the Dwarves . This made Zhao Hai commend Besmir deep inside .

Zhao Hai looked at the busy Demons in the distance and couldn’t help but sigh . He really wanted to call all of his undead and then kill them directly . However, Zhao Hai knew that this wasn’t going to work . It was for certain that experts were already stationed there . Although Zhao Hai can overwhelm them with his undead, he also knew that the Demons were surely prepared . If Zhao Hai attacked them, then he would certainly suffer huge losses in the long run .

Moreover, Zhao Hai had some suspicions that the God-ranked experts had already arrived . It was only because of the current construction that the God-ranked experts decided to stay put .

The reason why Zhao Hai had this idea was because of a certain person, and this was none other than the Demon Dragon King . The information that Cai’er was able to get about the Demon Dragon King was too small . In fact, there wasn’t much information that Cai’er can get regarding the God-ranked experts of the Demon Realm . These God-ranked experts were very well-hidden .

And this Demon Dragon King was quite a low-key expert as well . And since Cai’er was unable to find out what his strength was, Zhao Hai believed that the Demon Dragon King was a God-ranked expert himself!

 Chapter 699 Dwarf Race Citizens of Demon City have already withdrawn, so even if the army had moved in, there were still a lot of unoccupied space inside the City . Because of this, it didn t take too long for Besmir to arrange three separate areas for the reinforcements to settle in . Moreover, Besmir has sent word that the Dwarves will be coming soon . He told the people to not provoke the Dwarves since their temperaments aren t very good . When this information spread in the city, the people immediately expressed their reaction . All of them had the same idea as Besmir . Although it was said that there was an alliance between the Humans and the other races in order to resist the Demons, a long time has passed without any reinforcements coming . This made the defenders think that this was just a rumor that was disseminated by the major empires of the continent . And at the same time, Zhao Hai s presence here was only to calm their worries . They didn t think that the other races would actually send some troops to help defend the city . Zhao Hai didn t care about these reactions . After Besmir arranged the living areas, he immediately took Berry to inspect them . When there weren t any problems, Zhao Hai led Berry outside the city as he opened a spatial rift allowing the Dwarf passage towards Demon City . The one who led the Dwarven Army was an elder, Zhao Hai believes that the name of this elder should be Julian . He was quite a young elder and his relationship with Zhao Hai was quite good . When Julian came out of the rift, he bowed to Zhao Hai and said, Mister, we have fifty thousand soldiers here as well as ten thousand iron beasts . After Zhao Hai returned the courtesy, he smiled and said, Alright . Follow me, I ll be taking you to your area . Julian nodded, then he turned around to give orders to the army . These people were the most outstanding soldiers of the Dwarven Race . All of them had their war hammers, full iron armor, and iron shield . Besides these, they also had a set of small hatchets for long distance attacks . Before long, the fifty thousand troops and ten thousand iron beasts are ready to move . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, Brothers, we ll be heading to the battle quite soon . This will be the first time that we will have a cooperation with the Humans after a long time . Don t be surprised of their gazes, they are just curious . We ll just shock them when the battle comes . Still, if people dared to laugh at you, then don t punch them immediately, report the matter to me first and I shall deal with it myself This was how Zhao Hai always talked to the Dwarves, so they were already quite used to it . When Zhao Hai finished talking, all of them issued a shout . Then they followed Zhao Hai to Demon City . While heading there, all of them were curiously looking around . Nobody could blame them, after all, they had been inside Dwarf Mountain for a very long time . It wouldn t be strange if they were to be interested in this new place . Before long, the large unit approached Demon City . When the soldiers in the city spotted Zhao Hai s group, they didn t move and just stood there because of the instruction that they had just received . However, all of them couldn t help but stretch their necks in curiosity . On the other hand, the adventurers weren t very disciplined and just went towards the walls and looked at the Dwarves . But nobody dared to say a word, all of them knew about the temperament of the Dwarves as well as Zhao Hai s orders . If they dared to say anything, then Zhao Hai definitely wouldn t let them off . In fact, these adventurers were extremely afraid of Zhao Hai . He was known to be very vicious and merciless, turning several hundred thousand Aksu Empire soldiers into undead in a single night . This was something that cannot be simply forgotten . Therefore, these adventurers just looked at the Dwarves without making a single noise nor gesture . Zhao Hai was very satisfied with this result . He quickly brought the Dwarves to their area before taking Julian to see Besmir . After all, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to be here all the time, so Julian and Besmir needed to be acquainted to each other for future cooperation . When Zhao Hai took Julian to the General s residence, Besmir immediately gave them a cordial welcome . Besmir looked at Julian with curiosity while Zhao Hai gave Besmir a salute and said, General, let me introduce you to the Dwarven Elder Julian . Julian, this is General Besmir, Buddha Empire s general for Demon City s defense army . Julian and Besmir gave each other a salute, then Zhao Hai said, Alright, then let s head in . After that, the three of them went inside the General s residence . Inside the residence, there was a large topographic map of Demon City . Zhao Hai went towards the map and pointed at something and said, We re here in Demon City in order to defend against the Demon advance . At this time, the Demons are still busying themselves by building their city . However, I believe that they have their own mages, so it wouldn t take too long before they finish . When the city gets built, I believe that God ranked experts of the Demon Realm will start to make a move . Although they are suppressed by the Ark Continent and cannot stay here for too long, they can still pose a threat to our position . Now that the Dwarves have come, I have one request for you to do . We need tunnels going from the city towards an area outside of it, we need them as soon as possible . They should be deep and large enough for our purpose of using them as our escape passage . Julian, what do you think Julian nodded and said, This is not a problem, leave it to us . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Besmir and said, You coordinate with the Dwarves, this is something important for us . If a God ranked expert comes, we can use that tunnel in order to escape . Besmir nodded, Mister, you can feel relieved . I know what to do, there s no need to worry about it . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head back to Julian and said, Julian, you should restrain the tempers of the Dwarves as well . We need a harmonious environment in this alliance . If we have some fights, then it would be disadvantageous for us in the future . Julian nodded, I understand . We came this time to wage war with the Demons, not with the Humans Race . Zhao hai nodded, then he looked at Besmir and said, General, restrain the mercenaries and adventurers as well . Don t make them go too far . If they do, then there would be no need to wait for the Dwarves to retaliate, I will do the job for them . Besmir nodded, he knew the importance of the current matter . The entire continent needed to be unified right now . If these fellows were to go too far, then Zhao Hai certainly wouldn t let them off . Zhao Hai looked at the two and said, The Dwarf tunnel must be made as secretly as possible . We want the entrance to be well hidden, even to our own people . With this, we can also use those tunnels in order to stage a counter attack . Julian nodded, I understand . Don t worry, we know what to do . Zhao Hao nodded, Then that s good . Julian, you go back and take a rest first . You can start working tomorrow . I still need to go out of the city to take a look at things . General, make the soldiers pay more attention . In the next few days, the Elves will be arriving, extreme discipline will be needed in order to peacefully cooperate with them . Besmir nodded and said, Alright, mister doesn t need to worry about it . Zhao Hai nods, then the looked at Julian and said, Let s go . After I take you back, I ll be leaving some liquor for your men as well . Let them enjoy their stay here in the meantime . Julian laughed and replied, That would be good . We didn t bring any liquor this time, we re expecting that you would provide for us . Zhao Hai laughed as well as he led Julian out of the General s residence . While Besmir looked at Zhao Hai and Julian s backs, he finally understood how Zhao Hai could have a good relationship with the other races . This was because Zhao Hai didn t treat them as another race, his treatment of them wasn t different from his treatment towards the Humans . It was this easy . However, even if this was easy to do, only a few can manage to do it . The Humans of the continent were too used to feeling superior . They have always looked down at the other races . This made the other races dislike them in turn . In the end, nobody liked anybody, making it impossible for them to cooperate . Besmir sighed, then he turned around and went back to his room . To be honest, he was also looking down on the other races, but Zhao Hai woke him up . The situation was now very different, they couldn t just look down on different races anymore . When Zhao Hai escorted Julian to his camp, he also left behind a lot of liquor . As for the other necessities, there was no need to worry about them, Besmir already prepared it for the Dwarves . This made Zhao Hai commend Besmir deep inside . Zhao Hai looked at the busy Demons in the distance and couldn t help but sigh . He really wanted to call all of his undead and then kill them directly . However, Zhao Hai knew that this wasn t going to work . It was for certain that experts were already stationed there . Although Zhao Hai can overwhelm them with his undead, he also knew that the Demons were surely prepared . If Zhao Hai attacked them, then he would certainly suffer huge losses in the long run . Moreover, Zhao Hai had some suspicions that the God ranked experts had already arrived . It was only because of the current construction that the God ranked experts decided to stay put . The reason why Zhao Hai had this idea was because of a certain person, and this was none other than the Demon Dragon King . The information that Cai er was able to get about the Demon Dragon King was too small . In fact, there wasn t much information that Cai er can get regarding the God ranked experts of the Demon Realm . These God ranked experts were very well hidden . And this Demon Dragon King was quite a low key expert as well . And since Cai er was unable to find out what his strength was, Zhao Hai believed that the Demon Dragon King was a God ranked expert himself





* * *





Chapter 700 – Consummate the Marriage

Although Zhao Hai hadn’t fought with the Demon Dragon king, he just had this feeling that the other party was a God-ranked expert . He can’t really describe this feeling, but it was there, this was also the reason why Zhao Hai didn’t act rashly .

On the other hand, Zhao Hai also believed that the Demon Dragon King had sensed his strength . Therefore, he wasn’t quick to advance and just stayed to construct their city . It seems like both sides are dreading the ability of the other .

If the other party just had the Demon Dragon King as the God-ranked expert, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t be polite and just attacked them . But now it seems like the enemy doesn’t have the Demon Dragon King as its only God-ranked expert . Zhao Hai has the feeling that there were at least five God-ranked experts in the enemy’s army . If he dared to attack, then he might be besieged by those God-ranked experts . However, even if Zhao Hai didn’t attack, those five God-ranked experts can just make a move on Demon City . If they did it this way, then Zhao Hai’s prior preparations might be placed in a precarious position .

As to why the other party didn’t attack, Zhao Hai was not sure . Maybe they still aren’t adapted to the Ark Continent? Who knows .

In fact, Zhao Hai was correct in his guess, these experts still needed to familiarize themselves with the Ark Continent, this was the reason why they decided to refrain from making any actions in the meantime .

The Ark Continent had its own laws, one of them forbade the long-term existence of God-ranked experts . The suppression of this law gets more powerful as the violating party gets stronger . Therefore, these God-ranked Demons needed to adapt their strength in order to perform at their full strength .

Because of this, in addition to Zhao Hai’s existence as well as his undead, the Demon Dragon King decided to stay back and refrain from attacking Demon City immediately .

Berry was currently right by Zhao Hai, at this moment, she turned to him and said, “Brother





Hai, there’s no need to worry too much . Although there are a lot of Demons that would come to invade, it would still need some time before all of them manages to come out of the spatial rift . I’ve gotten a whiff of their plans before . They would have several God-ranked experts take command of the vanguard in order to construct their city, after that, they would proceed to attack the Ark Continent bit by bit . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I was thinking the same thing . But how many God-ranked experts do they have? And since they have God-ranked experts, why haven’t they made an attack yet?”

Berry smiled and said, “Things aren’t as easy as that . Although they are God-ranked experts, I heard that they would still need to adapt after arriving at the Ark Continent . Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to show their full strength . And the time it takes for them to adapt isn’t short . Therefore, it would still take quite some time before they can express their full abilities . We can definitely resist them for a long time . ”

Zhao Hai frowned and said, “I’m afraid that the Demon Realm would have a lot of God-ranked experts . If all of them were to arrive at the Ark Continent, then we would be in deep trouble . ”

When Berry heard this, she couldn’t help but frown as well, “This is also an issue . I know that there are quite a number of God-ranked experts in the Demon Realm . If they attack, then it would indeed be very troublesome . ”

Zhao Hai sighed, then he said, “It looks like we need to start our plan soon . There are a lot of herbs in the Space, but the herbs that we need to make a God-ranked potion is really a lot . At the same time, the growth time of those plants is too long . Our rate of making God-ranked potions is just too low . ”

Zhao Hai was quick to discover that the Processing Machine was now able to make God-ranked potions . At that time, he also noted which herbs were





were needed and planted them . However, he didn’t think about how many were needed to make a single potion .

It was only afterwards that Zhao Hai discovered how much herbs he needed to promote a 9th rank to God-rank . Also, the herbs that were needed to make the potion were very demanding . Take a certain ginseng, for example . In the past, Zhao Hai was able to plant ginseng in a very simple manner, and he was also able to harvest them in large quantities . But now, the ginseng needed for the potion required a hundred mu of farming ground . And in this 100 mu, no other plant must be present in order for this special ginseng to grow . And after this ginseng gets planted, extreme attention needed to be made in order to nurture it . It needed to be watered in a specific time or else the land would get dry . Although the ginseng still wouldn’t die then, but it would lose its potency to be used for the God-ranked potion . This made it hard to cultivate this herb .

More importantly, the God-ranked potion didn’t need one or two of this ginseng, but instead it needed 81 . And this was only the ginseng, the other herbs still weren’t calculated .

If one wanted to make the potion, then one would need to grow more than 100 herbs . Each of then unique and each of them needed special ways of growing . Some of these were present on Earth, while some have already been acquired by Zhao Hai, like the Goldmetal fruit . And the amount of Goldmetal Fruit needed was actually more than the ginseng .

Because of all these limitations, Zhao Hai was still unable to make Green and the others into God-ranked experts . With the materials he currently had, Zhao Hai only has enough to make a single God-ranked potion .

Therefore, for Zhao Hai, what he needed the most at this moment was time . As long as he has enough time, then he would be able to raise a lot of God-ranked experts . And when that time comes, whether





comes, whether they be Demons or the Divine Race, all of them weren’t going to be problems anymore .

Another reason why Zhao Hai was unwilling to fight the Demons was the existence of the Divine Race . The Radiant Empire has become more and more mysterious as the days passed . And since Zhao Hai couldn’t go there to scout, he was getting more and more anxious as time goes by .

When the Divine Race comes, Zhao Hai didn’t know what plans they would have . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to refrain from going all out against the Demons . He was afraid that if he lost too much in fighting the Demons, then he wouldn’t have anything to resist the Divine Race with .

Although Zhao Hai hoped that the Divine Race would divert the Demons’ attention, it seems like there weren’t any movements coming from the Divine Race . This gave Zhao Hai a sense of dread . This was why Zhao Hai thought of making the Buddha Empire into a huge battlefield . Not only would it help in fighting the Demons, it would also prove useful when the Radiant Empire attacks .

When Berry heard Zhao Hai mention the promotion of 9th ranks into God-ranked experts, she was immediately startled, she seemed to have remembered something . Berry looked embarrassingly at Zhao Hai and said with a shy voice, “Brother Hai, I’m a 9th rank Succubus . When a Succubus consummates her marriage, she will gain a huge boost in her strength . ”

Berry was blushing as she stared downward . Zhao Hai looked at Berry and immediately understood what she wanted to convey .

Berry was a 9th rank expert, if her marriage goes official, then her strength would gain a huge promotion, it might even be possible for her to advance to God-rank . When he thought of this Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but shine .

As for consummating the marriage, Zhao Hai was quick to understand what it was . Although Berry had become Zhao Hai’s wife and had people recognize her status, the two of them had yet to make the marriage ‘official’ . In other words, they haven’t done what married people

what married people tended to do . [1]

Zhao Hai looked at Berry and said, “Are you sure?”

Berry gave a shy nod . This made Zhao Hai laugh and said, “Then what are we waiting for, let’s go . ” Then he pulled Berry as they flashed to the Space . However, he didn’t go through the villa’s entrance but instead appeared directly inside his room .

Berry knew what would happen so she didn’t have any intentions to resist . She just lowered her head in embarrassment, making her much more charming for Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai held Berry’s hand as he said, “Berry, I apologize . The situation is quite hectic and I am not able to hold a wedding for you . ”

Berry looked at Zhao Hai as she shook her head and said, “You didn’t do anything wrong, Brother Hai . I don’t really care about a ceremony . As long as you treat me as your wife, then that would already suffice . ”

Zhao Hai patted Berry’s head and whispered, “Silly girl . ” Zhao Hai pulled Berry into his bosom as he gently kissed her forehead . Berry gently closed her eyes as Zhao Hai went down to kiss her eyes, her nose, her cheek, her neck……”

When Berry felt Zhao Hai’s lips on her own, she couldn’t help but feel an electric current going through her whole body . Her body tingled with numbness, sapping all of her energy away .

Zhao Hai gently removed Berry’s clothes as he proceeded to kiss her whole body . In the end his mouth reached Berry’s sensitive breasts, he continue to tease it until Berry made a delighted moan .

Zhao Hai didn’t expect Berry to taste this good, he was unable to stop himself . He couldn’t help but nib lightly on the tip as Berry gave a tender sound, arousing Zhao Hai even more .

Zhao Hai’s tongue explored Berry’s peaks for a moment before he went and kissed Berry lips . Berry curled her tongue as she met Zhao Hai’s lips, the two of them played around before Zhao Hai removed all of his clothes and started to work on Berry’s figure .

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  Chapter 700 Consummate the Marriage Although Zhao Hai hadn t fought with the Demon Dragon king, he just had this feeling that the other party was a God ranked expert . He can t really describe this feeling, but it was there, this was also the reason why Zhao Hai didn t act rashly . On the other hand, Zhao Hai also believed that the Demon Dragon King had sensed his strength . Therefore, he wasn t quick to advance and just stayed to construct their city . It seems like both sides are dreading the ability of the other . If the other party just had the Demon Dragon King as the God ranked expert, then Zhao Hai wouldn t be polite and just attacked them . But now it seems like the enemy doesn t have the Demon Dragon King as its only God ranked expert . Zhao Hai has the feeling that there were at least five God ranked experts in the enemy s army . If he dared to attack, then he might be besieged by those God ranked experts . However, even if Zhao Hai didn t attack, those five God ranked experts can just make a move on Demon City . If they did it this way, then Zhao Hai s prior preparations might be placed in a precarious position . As to why the other party didn t attack, Zhao Hai was not sure . Maybe they still aren t adapted to the Ark Continent Who knows . In fact, Zhao Hai was correct in his guess, these experts still needed to familiarize themselves with the Ark Continent, this was the reason why they decided to refrain from making any actions in the meantime . The Ark Continent had its own laws, one of them forbade the long term existence of God ranked experts . The suppression of this law gets more powerful as the violating party gets stronger . Therefore, these God ranked Demons needed to adapt their strength in order to perform at their full strength . Because of this, in addition to Zhao Hai s existence as well as his undead, the Demon Dragon King decided to stay back and refrain from attacking Demon City immediately . Berry was currently right by Zhao Hai, at this moment, she turned to him and said, Brother Hai, there s no need to worry too much . Although there are a lot of Demons that would come to invade, it would still need some time before all of them manages to come out of the spatial rift . I ve gotten a whiff of their plans before . They would have several God ranked experts take command of the vanguard in order to construct their city, after that, they would proceed to attack the Ark Continent bit by bit . Zhao Hai nodded and said, I was thinking the same thing . But how many God ranked experts do they have And since they have God ranked experts, why haven t they made an attack yet Berry smiled and said, Things aren t as easy as that . Although they are God ranked experts, I heard that they would still need to adapt after arriving at the Ark Continent . Otherwise, they wouldn t be able to show their full strength . And the time it takes for them to adapt isn t short . Therefore, it would still take quite some time before they can express their full abilities . We can definitely resist them for a long time . Zhao Hai frowned and said, I m afraid that the Demon Realm would have a lot of God ranked experts . If all of them were to arrive at the Ark Continent, then we would be in deep trouble . When Berry heard this, she couldn t help but frown as well, This is also an issue . I know that there are quite a number of God ranked experts in the Demon Realm . If they attack, then it would indeed be very troublesome . Zhao Hai sighed, then he said, It looks like we need to start our plan soon . There are a lot of herbs in the Space, but the herbs that we need to make a God ranked potion is really a lot . At the same time, the growth time of those plants is too long . Our rate of making God ranked potions is just too low . Zhao Hai was quick to discover that the Processing Machine was now able to make God ranked potions . At that time, he also noted which herbs were needed and planted them . However, he didn t think about how many were needed to make a single potion . It was only afterwards that Zhao Hai discovered how much herbs he needed to promote a 9th rank to God rank . Also, the herbs that were needed to make the potion were very demanding . Take a certain ginseng, for example . In the past, Zhao Hai was able to plant ginseng in a very simple manner, and he was also able to harvest them in large quantities . But now, the ginseng needed for the potion required a hundred mu of farming ground . And in this 100 mu, no other plant must be present in order for this special ginseng to grow . And after this ginseng gets planted, extreme attention needed to be made in order to nurture it . It needed to be watered in a specific time or else the land would get dry . Although the ginseng still wouldn t die then, but it would lose its potency to be used for the God ranked potion . This made it hard to cultivate this herb . More importantly, the God ranked potion didn t need one or two of this ginseng, but instead it needed 81 . And this was only the ginseng, the other herbs still weren t calculated . If one wanted to make the potion, then one would need to grow more than 100 herbs . Each of then unique and each of them needed special ways of growing . Some of these were present on Earth, while some have already been acquired by Zhao Hai, like the Goldmetal fruit . And the amount of Goldmetal Fruit needed was actually more than the ginseng . Because of all these limitations, Zhao Hai was still unable to make Green and the others into God ranked experts . With the materials he currently had, Zhao Hai only has enough to make a single God ranked potion . Therefore, for Zhao Hai, what he needed the most at this moment was time . As long as he has enough time, then he would be able to raise a lot of God ranked experts . And when that time comes, whether they be Demons or the Divine Race, all of them weren t going to be problems anymore . Another reason why Zhao Hai was unwilling to fight the Demons was the existence of the Divine Race . The Radiant Empire has become more and more mysterious as the days passed . And since Zhao Hai couldn t go there to scout, he was getting more and more anxious as time goes by . When the Divine Race comes, Zhao Hai didn t know what plans they would have . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to refrain from going all out against the Demons . He was afraid that if he lost too much in fighting the Demons, then he wouldn t have anything to resist the Divine Race with . Although Zhao Hai hoped that the Divine Race would divert the Demons attention, it seems like there weren t any movements coming from the Divine Race . This gave Zhao Hai a sense of dread . This was why Zhao Hai thought of making the Buddha Empire into a huge battlefield . Not only would it help in fighting the Demons, it would also prove useful when the Radiant Empire attacks . When Berry heard Zhao Hai mention the promotion of 9th ranks into God ranked experts, she was immediately startled, she seemed to have remembered something . Berry looked embarrassingly at Zhao Hai and said with a shy voice, Brother Hai, I m a 9th rank Succubus . When a Succubus consummates her marriage, she will gain a huge boost in her strength . Berry was blushing as she stared downward . Zhao Hai looked at Berry and immediately understood what she wanted to convey . Berry was a 9th rank expert, if her marriage goes official, then her strength would gain a huge promotion, it might even be possible for her to advance to God rank . When he thought of this Zhao Hai s eyes couldn t help but shine . As for consummating the marriage, Zhao Hai was quick to understand what it was . Although Berry had become Zhao Hai s wife and had people recognize her status, the two of them had yet to make the marriage official . In other words, they haven t done what married people tended to do . 1 Zhao Hai looked at Berry and said, Are you sure Berry gave a shy nod . This made Zhao Hai laugh and said, Then what are we waiting for, let s go . Then he pulled Berry as they flashed to the Space . However, he didn t go through the villa s entrance but instead appeared directly inside his room . Berry knew what would happen so she didn t have any intentions to resist . She just lowered her head in embarrassment, making her much more charming for Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai held Berry s hand as he said, Berry, I apologize . The situation is quite hectic and I am not able to hold a wedding for you . Berry looked at Zhao Hai as she shook her head and said, You didn t do anything wrong, Brother Hai . I don t really care about a ceremony . As long as you treat me as your wife, then that would already suffice . Zhao Hai patted Berry s head and whispered, Silly girl . Zhao Hai pulled Berry into his bosom as he gently kissed her forehead . Berry gently closed her eyes as Zhao Hai went down to kiss her eyes, her nose, her cheek, her neck When Berry felt Zhao Hai s lips on her own, she couldn t help but feel an electric current going through her whole body . Her body tingled with numbness, sapping all of her energy away . Zhao Hai gently removed Berry s clothes as he proceeded to kiss her whole body . In the end his mouth reached Berry s sensitive breasts, he continue to tease it until Berry made a delighted moan . Zhao Hai didn t expect Berry to taste this good, he was unable to stop himself . He couldn t help but nib lightly on the tip as Berry gave a tender sound, arousing Zhao Hai even more . Zhao Hai s tongue explored Berry s peaks for a moment before he went and kissed Berry lips . Berry curled her tongue as she met Zhao Hai s lips, the two of them played around before Zhao Hai removed all of his clothes and started to work on Berry s figure .





* * *





Chapter 701 – Who To Promote First?

While Zhao Hai and Berry united their marriage, Zhao Hai suddenly felt a huge suction force that was unexpectedly coming from Berry . Although Zhao Hai was not affected too much by it, he also discovered that it was already impossible for him to withdraw .

When he felt that his body’s energy was almost absorbed, a sudden force suddenly rushed into him . This force was very powerful, and it was quite warm as well . Once it entered Zhao Hai’s body, it slowly integrated into him . Zhao Hai discovered that this strength was even stronger than what was absorbed, and it seemed to be purer than before .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but make a surprised expression at Berry . Betry currently had her eyes closed while her hair was slowly waving around on its own . Then suddenly, Berry’s eyes emitted a strong glare, making Zhao Hai close his eyes immediately . When he opened his eyes, Zhao Hai was quick to notice crystal on Berry’s forehead . The crystal looks like a kind of diamond, it was radiating blue light, it was beautiful .

Without knowing, Zhao Hai suddenly kissed the crystal . This action made Berry’s body tremble lightly . When Berry’s eyes recovered, she looked at Zhao Hai in a much more charming gaze .

Zhao Hai kissed the crystal again, eliciting another reaction from Berry . Zhao Hai was elated to find this new toy to play around with . He teased the crystal constantly as Berry made moans again and again . It didn’t take too long for another round of ‘playtime’ began .

At this point, Zhao Hai was currently on the bed with Berry lying on his chest, breathing heavily . She looked up at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, I’ve really became God-rank . ”

Zhao Hai chuckled and said, “I know . I really didn’t think that your Succubus Race would have such an astonishing ability . It’s quite amazing . ”

Berry made a charming pout as she said, “How could it be that easy? Although our race has a rule of marrying anyone who resisted our mental attack, complying with the rule and accepting it are two different matters . If we felt compelled to marry the other person because of the rule, even if we can still get stronger, the boost wouldn’t be that much .





On the other hand, if we are really willing to marry the other party, then the improvement that we get would be extremely large . ”

When he heard Berry, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “So you’re saying that you really are sincere in marrying me? Hahaha . It seems like I’m quite the attractive man . ”

Berry couldn’t help but lightly hit Zhao Hai . At this point, Zhao Hai suddenly turned over and carried Berry’s body, much to the latter’s surprise . Then Zhao hai smiled faintly and said, “Let’s go take a bath . ” Then he continued to carry Berry towards the bathroom .

Each room in the villa had its own bathroom, in addition to the communal one in the basement . Moreover, the individual bathrooms weren’t small . Inside them were huge bathtubs filled with water from the hot spring .

After the two had taken their bath, they returned to the bed and had a good rest . As soon as they woke up, Zhao Hai and Berry put their clothes on before going out into the living room . Upon arriving there, the two of them saw Lizzy and the others looking at Demon City’s situation in the monitor .

When the group saw Zhao Hai and Berry coming out of the room, they looked at each other with sly expressions . Megan even examined Berry’s skin as she said, “Congratulations, Sister Berry . It seems like you have been promoted to God-rank . ”

Berry’s face went red as she faced Megan, she kept her head down and was too embarrassed to talk . Megan looked at Berry and couldn’t help but chuckle, “Sister Berry, there’s no need to be shy . After all, all of us are Brother Hai’s wives . It’s fine . ”

Zhao Hai turned to the nearby dim-faced Ruyen, then he smiled faintly and said, “That’s good . Now, how is the outside situation been? Did something happen?” Then he proceeded to the center of the living room and sat beside Ruyen .

Ruyen couldn’t help but stare at Zhao Hai, then her complexion turned red as she lowered her head down . At this time, Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and smiled, “There’s no significant development . The Demons are still building their city . On the other hand, the Dwarves are truly formidable . They had already made a tunnel and had concealed





concealed its entrance . One couldn’t just spot it without proper guidance . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “They had been doing this for many years, so its natural that they are very skilled in this aspect . The only thing that is left to do is to resist the Demons . Also, we need to take a look at how the Divine Race responds . ”

Lizzy frowned as she said, “There aren’t any actions from the Divine Race’s side . Who knows what wicked plots they are currently making . Big Brother Hai, how much people do you think the Divine Race would send down?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I can’t really say . However, I’m quite sure that they’ll be sending God-ranked experts . They already have experience in sending one to the Ark Continent, therefore, they should have already developed ways in order to make them stay for a longer period of time . ”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Lizzy’s expression turned worse, with a troubled voice she replied, “If that really happens, then we would be facing hard times ahead . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, but he still smiled and said, “I don’t think our troubles would be that heavy . Don’t forget, the Demons had appeared too suddenly . Therefore, it shouldn’t be only us who were caught off-guard, the Divine Race should be in the same situation as well . They were only planning to deal with us, but now that the Demons have appeared, I’m quite sure that they just wouldn’t ignore it . After all, the combat prowess of the Demons isn’t something that can just be ignored . For us, the sooner the Divine Race appeared, the better . ”

Lizzy sighed and said, “I sure hope so . ”

At this time, footsteps can be heard before Laura, Meg, and Ni’er appeared . It was evident on their faces that they were tired and weary . Zhao Hai quickly stood up as he approached them and said, “How have you been doing? Are you tired? If so, then don’t hesitate to take a rest . You shouldn’t overexert yourselves . ”

Laura smiled and said, “We’re fine . You don’t need to worry about us . Right, what were you talking about?”

After having the three sit down, Zhao Hai answered, “We were just talking about the Divine Race . There aren’t any movements that can be seen from their side .





side . We suspect that they might be waiting for us and the Demons to give each other some mutual wounds . However, i reckon that if we manage to hold the Demons off long enough inside the Buddha Empire, then they might change their sights towards the Radiant Church . At that time, the Divine Race would be compelled to make a move . ”

Laura nodded, then she said, “In fact, there’s another way . If the Demons really don’t intend to go to the Radiant Church, then we can just attack the Radiant Church ourselves . I think the Divine Race would similarly be pushed to take action . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he had overlooked this point . His eyes couldn’t help but shine at Laura’s suggestion as he said, “Right, right, that’s a good idea . If the Divine Race really wants to wait, then we’ll take the fight to them . ”

Then he looked at Laura and said, “Alright, you don’t need to worry about these matters anymore, you go take a nice bath and rest . Meg, Ni’er, you do the same as well . There wouldn’t be to much actions in the following days, so you can just relax yourselves . ”

The three nodded with a smile, then they turned around to leave . After seeing them leave, Zhao Hai turned his gaze towards the monitor . There really weren’t any significant events happening right now, everybody was conserving their strengths, the undead were just like statues as they stood motionless on the field .

Zhao Hai sighed, then he turned his head to Lizzy and the others, “You take a rest as well . I’ll be heading back to Demon City to catch up on the Dwarves . Also, it seems like the Elves would be coming soon, I’ll be needed in greeting them into Demon City . ”

Lizzy nodded, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you must be very careful . I’m afraid the experts of the Demon Race wouldn’t just let you off so easily . After being in contact with you for twice now, I reckon that they already have a vague idea of your abilities and methods . They will surely use that against you in the future . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Rest assured, there won’t be any problems . After all, Berry is with me, and she is a God-rank expert as well

expert as well . With two God-ranked experts, I think there won’t be a lot of things that would place us in a dangerous position . Right, I have one last thing to discuss . At this moment, the plants in the Space can only promote a single person into God-rank . Who do you think we should promote first?”

Lizzy thought for a moment before she said, “Shue, Brother Hai, Shue should be the first one to be God-rank . Don’t forget, Shue is a Divergent Ability user . If his clones can have God-ranked strength, then it would be a huge benefit for our fights in the future . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then he quickly remembered that Shue was indeed a divergent ability user . If he rose to God-rank, then wouldn’t his clones be God-ranked as well? If his clones do indeed become God-rank, then they wouldn’t need to fear anyone in the future . Also, if his clones can’t be promoted, then at the very least they would be the most outstanding 9th ranks in the field, they shouldn’t be vastly weaker than general God-ranked experts . ”

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but repeatedly nod as he said, “Right, Shue is indeed a good choice . That fellow has been very busy in the Black Wasteland, it seems like its time to bring him back to the Space . ”

Lizzy smiled and said, “It’s true that the Black Wasteland was too busy before, but now, most things have already been taken care of . It should be fine to have him exit for a short while . I’ll have Cai’er inform him later and have his tasks handed over to someone else . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “The Black Wasteland has indeed been very busy . After all, settling massive amounts of people isn’t that easy . However, our people are already well coordinated . Moreover, the commodities have already been prepared, so settling people shouldn’t take too much time . Also, Blockhead and Rockhead are there as well as our first batch of slaves, they should be able to manage things properly . It shouldn’t be a huge issue if Shue were to leave . ”

Lizzy nodded, then she stood up and said, “Brother Hai, let’s first make that potion and then have Cai’er call Shue over . It would be good if we take care of this matter as soon as possible . ”

 Chapter 701 Who To Promote First While Zhao Hai and Berry united their marriage, Zhao Hai suddenly felt a huge suction force that was unexpectedly coming from Berry . Although Zhao Hai was not affected too much by it, he also discovered that it was already impossible for him to withdraw . When he felt that his body s energy was almost absorbed, a sudden force suddenly rushed into him . This force was very powerful, and it was quite warm as well . Once it entered Zhao Hai s body, it slowly integrated into him . Zhao Hai discovered that this strength was even stronger than what was absorbed, and it seemed to be purer than before . Zhao Hai couldn t help but make a surprised expression at Berry . Betry currently had her eyes closed while her hair was slowly waving around on its own . Then suddenly, Berry s eyes emitted a strong glare, making Zhao Hai close his eyes immediately . When he opened his eyes, Zhao Hai was quick to notice crystal on Berry s forehead . The crystal looks like a kind of diamond, it was radiating blue light, it was beautiful . Without knowing, Zhao Hai suddenly kissed the crystal . This action made Berry s body tremble lightly . When Berry s eyes recovered, she looked at Zhao Hai in a much more charming gaze . Zhao Hai kissed the crystal again, eliciting another reaction from Berry . Zhao Hai was elated to find this new toy to play around with . He teased the crystal constantly as Berry made moans again and again . It didn t take too long for another round of playtime began . At this point, Zhao Hai was currently on the bed with Berry lying on his chest, breathing heavily . She looked up at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, I ve really became God rank . Zhao Hai chuckled and said, I know . I really didn t think that your Succubus Race would have such an astonishing ability . It s quite amazing . Berry made a charming pout as she said, How could it be that easy Although our race has a rule of marrying anyone who resisted our mental attack, complying with the rule and accepting it are two different matters . If we felt compelled to marry the other person because of the rule, even if we can still get stronger, the boost wouldn t be that much . On the other hand, if we are really willing to marry the other party, then the improvement that we get would be extremely large . When he heard Berry, Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile and said, So you re saying that you really are sincere in marrying me Hahaha . It seems like I m quite the attractive man . Berry couldn t help but lightly hit Zhao Hai . At this point, Zhao Hai suddenly turned over and carried Berry s body, much to the latter s surprise . Then Zhao hai smiled faintly and said, Let s go take a bath . Then he continued to carry Berry towards the bathroom . Each room in the villa had its own bathroom, in addition to the communal one in the basement . Moreover, the individual bathrooms weren t small . Inside them were huge bathtubs filled with water from the hot spring . After the two had taken their bath, they returned to the bed and had a good rest . As soon as they woke up, Zhao Hai and Berry put their clothes on before going out into the living room . Upon arriving there, the two of them saw Lizzy and the others looking at Demon City s situation in the monitor . When the group saw Zhao Hai and Berry coming out of the room, they looked at each other with sly expressions . Megan even examined Berry s skin as she said, Congratulations, Sister Berry . It seems like you have been promoted to God rank . Berry s face went red as she faced Megan, she kept her head down and was too embarrassed to talk . Megan looked at Berry and couldn t help but chuckle, Sister Berry, there s no need to be shy . After all, all of us are Brother Hai s wives . It s fine . Zhao Hai turned to the nearby dim faced Ruyen, then he smiled faintly and said, That s good . Now, how is the outside situation been Did something happen Then he proceeded to the center of the living room and sat beside Ruyen . Ruyen couldn t help but stare at Zhao Hai, then her complexion turned red as she lowered her head down . At this time, Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and smiled, There s no significant development . The Demons are still building their city . On the other hand, the Dwarves are truly formidable . They had already made a tunnel and had concealed its entrance . One couldn t just spot it without proper guidance . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, They had been doing this for many years, so its natural that they are very skilled in this aspect . The only thing that is left to do is to resist the Demons . Also, we need to take a look at how the Divine Race responds . Lizzy frowned as she said, There aren t any actions from the Divine Race s side . Who knows what wicked plots they are currently making . Big Brother Hai, how much people do you think the Divine Race would send down Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I can t really say . However, I m quite sure that they ll be sending God ranked experts . They already have experience in sending one to the Ark Continent, therefore, they should have already developed ways in order to make them stay for a longer period of time . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Lizzy s expression turned worse, with a troubled voice she replied, If that really happens, then we would be facing hard times ahead . Zhao Hai nodded, but he still smiled and said, I don t think our troubles would be that heavy . Don t forget, the Demons had appeared too suddenly . Therefore, it shouldn t be only us who were caught off guard, the Divine Race should be in the same situation as well . They were only planning to deal with us, but now that the Demons have appeared, I m quite sure that they just wouldn t ignore it . After all, the combat prowess of the Demons isn t something that can just be ignored . For us, the sooner the Divine Race appeared, the better . Lizzy sighed and said, I sure hope so . At this time, footsteps can be heard before Laura, Meg, and Ni er appeared . It was evident on their faces that they were tired and weary . Zhao Hai quickly stood up as he approached them and said, How have you been doing Are you tired If so, then don t hesitate to take a rest . You shouldn t overexert yourselves . Laura smiled and said, We re fine . You don t need to worry about us . Right, what were you talking about After having the three sit down, Zhao Hai answered, We were just talking about the Divine Race . There aren t any movements that can be seen from their side . We suspect that they might be waiting for us and the Demons to give each other some mutual wounds . However, i reckon that if we manage to hold the Demons off long enough inside the Buddha Empire, then they might change their sights towards the Radiant Church . At that time, the Divine Race would be compelled to make a move . Laura nodded, then she said, In fact, there s another way . If the Demons really don t intend to go to the Radiant Church, then we can just attack the Radiant Church ourselves . I think the Divine Race would similarly be pushed to take action . Zhao Hai stared, he had overlooked this point . His eyes couldn t help but shine at Laura s suggestion as he said, Right, right, that s a good idea . If the Divine Race really wants to wait, then we ll take the fight to them . Then he looked at Laura and said, Alright, you don t need to worry about these matters anymore, you go take a nice bath and rest . Meg, Ni er, you do the same as well . There wouldn t be to much actions in the following days, so you can just relax yourselves . The three nodded with a smile, then they turned around to leave . After seeing them leave, Zhao Hai turned his gaze towards the monitor . There really weren t any significant events happening right now, everybody was conserving their strengths, the undead were just like statues as they stood motionless on the field . Zhao Hai sighed, then he turned his head to Lizzy and the others, You take a rest as well . I ll be heading back to Demon City to catch up on the Dwarves . Also, it seems like the Elves would be coming soon, I ll be needed in greeting them into Demon City . Lizzy nodded, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, you must be very careful . I m afraid the experts of the Demon Race wouldn t just let you off so easily . After being in contact with you for twice now, I reckon that they already have a vague idea of your abilities and methods . They will surely use that against you in the future . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Rest assured, there won t be any problems . After all, Berry is with me, and she is a God rank expert as well . With two God ranked experts, I think there won t be a lot of things that would place us in a dangerous position . Right, I have one last thing to discuss . At this moment, the plants in the Space can only promote a single person into God rank . Who do you think we should promote first Lizzy thought for a moment before she said, Shue, Brother Hai, Shue should be the first one to be God rank . Don t forget, Shue is a Divergent Ability user . If his clones can have God ranked strength, then it would be a huge benefit for our fights in the future . Zhao Hai stared, then he quickly remembered that Shue was indeed a divergent ability user . If he rose to God rank, then wouldn t his clones be God ranked as well If his clones do indeed become God rank, then they wouldn t need to fear anyone in the future . Also, if his clones can t be promoted, then at the very least they would be the most outstanding 9th ranks in the field, they shouldn t be vastly weaker than general God ranked experts . After thinking about it, Zhao Hai couldn t help but repeatedly nod as he said, Right, Shue is indeed a good choice . That fellow has been very busy in the Black Wasteland, it seems like its time to bring him back to the Space . Lizzy smiled and said, It s true that the Black Wasteland was too busy before, but now, most things have already been taken care of . It should be fine to have him exit for a short while . I ll have Cai er inform him later and have his tasks handed over to someone else . Zhao Hai nodded, The Black Wasteland has indeed been very busy . After all, settling massive amounts of people isn t that easy . However, our people are already well coordinated . Moreover, the commodities have already been prepared, so settling people shouldn t take too much time . Also, Blockhead and Rockhead are there as well as our first batch of slaves, they should be able to manage things properly . It shouldn t be a huge issue if Shue were to leave . Lizzy nodded, then she stood up and said, Brother Hai, let s first make that potion and then have Cai er call Shue over . It would be good if we take care of this matter as soon as possible .





* * *





Chapter 702 – Elves in Flower City

When Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the Processing Machine, Cai’er was already waiting for them . Moreover, she already got the herbs and placed them on the side of the machine .

Zhao Hai looked at the pile of material’s on the ground, ginsengs, crow’s heart, snow lotus, goldmetal fruit, and a lot more were present . Moreover, one could clearly see how expensive the potion must be judging from how much precious things it needed . When he saw this, Zhao Hao couldn’t help but sigh . All of this just to make one potion, it really was a very hard to make product .

Although Zhao Hai lamented about this fact, he still turned to Cai’er and said, “Start it . ” Cai’er nodded and then pressed the buttons on the Processing Machine . The Processing Machine suddenly flashed a bright light on the pile of herbs on the ground, absorbing them one by one .

When all of the herbs had vanished, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Strengthening Potion being processed . Estimated time, 48 hours . 1 million gold has been deducted . Please wait patiently for the product to finish . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but force a smile at this . The Space really was a drain of money . Even if it works for him, it still deducted 1 million coins to his inventory .

Cai’er looked at Zhao Hai and couldn’t help but chuckle, “Young Master, you don’t need to worry . When the Space gets upgraded to a certain level, the Processing Machine wouldn’t need gold to operate anymore . ” Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “Still, we need to wait for that day . Who knows, maybe I will go broke even before we reach that point . ”

Lizzy and the others chuckled, all of them knew that Zhao Hai was just cracking a joke . Although the Processing Machine had indeed taken a lot of money, Lizzy and the others knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t run out of money . With the produce that the Space provides everyday, money would certainly be the last of their problems . And even if they can’t sell it to the continent, Zhao Hai can still sell them off to the Space . Although the Space buys them at a lower price, it was still at an understandable rate . When Lizzy and the other first saw this happen, they were very startled . If Zhao Hai were to introduce these gold coins to the





continent, then he would certainly give ruin to the running economy of the world . Fortunately, Zhao Hai wanted to be low-key, he didn’t like to go too far in acquiring and introducing gold to the continent .

Forty-eight hours, it would take two days before the potion gets made . Although Zhao Hai was somewhat disappointed that he couldn’t see the potion today, he didn’t say anything and just led the group back to the villa .

On the other hand, even though Shue got word from Zhao Hai, it was still impossible for him to hand over his work to someone else in such a short period of time . After all, there were too many people currently living in the Black Wasteland .

The Elves and the Dwarves have already reached the Buddha Family’s land . Zhao Hai had also given them a place to settle in . There was no need to mention the Dwarves, they were now temporarily living inside the camps . However, they have started to dig inside Iron Mountain to see if there were iron deposits still left . At the same time, they were also preparing the caverns inside the mountain since they were used to the living environment there .

On the other hand, the Elves were much more troublesome to settle in . They were too familiar to the life inside the Tree of Life, and it was impossible for the Black Wasteland to have a tree of that size . And compared to the temperate forest, the Black Wasteland would have freezing winters, at the same time, it was impossible for the Elves to live inside Iron Mountain .

Therefore, Zhao Hai made a special plan to give them a place to which they can plant trees in . This way, they would find their settlement more comfortable to live in .

Although the Black Wasteland is big, it was impossible for it to have places like the Dwarf Mountain and the Elven Forest . Because of this, Zhao Hai still had problems in finding places appropriate for the Elves to plant their trees .

In the end, the plan was stopped since way too many people had started to stream into the Black Wasteland . Since Zhao Hai didn’t have a means to arrange a proper place for the Elves, he decided to just place them in Flower City, making them live their isolated lives once more .

Flower City was quite big, and because it was in the Carrion Swamp it was very isolated from the others . This gave the Elves a feeling





feeling of security . However, it was still impossible for the city to accommodate all of the Elves . In the end, Zhao Hai had to ask Cai’er to expand the city so that the Elves can move in .

This was only a temporary arrangement, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to make them live for too long in this place . After all, Flower City was once interlinked with a spatial rift to the Demon Realm . Zhao Hai couldn’t have people living in this place .

However, the Elves loved Flower City . Although they had a change of environment, flowers and vines were present everywhere in the place . Moreover, they also didn’t need to worry about food because Zhao Hai would be bringing it to them . Because of this, it took a very short time for the Elves to get settled in .

But even so, the Elves were still quite restless . After having lived in Flower City, they discovered that they had nothing else to do . They cannot just eat and sleep everyday, that was something that pigs did . Therefore, they proposed an idea to Zhao Hai, they wanted to plant trees in the Carrion Swamp .

Zhao Hai didn’t have a choice but to comply . He went to the Elf Queen and told her about this matter . The Queen immediately agreed and had prepared some seedlings to be sent over . These seedlings were the ones most commonly used by the Elves .

Now that the Elves had started to plant trees near Flower City, Zhao Hai stopped thinking about them . He decided to let them be, this was also allow them to cultivate their strength .

Although the magic beasts of the carrion swamp didn’t disturb the Black Wasteland anymore, Zhao Hai has yet to subdue them . It wasn’t because he didn’t have the capability, but because he just didn’t want to, he wanted the beasts to live in the swamp quite freely . Now that the Elves have occupied Flower City, it was inevitable for them to get attacked . Whenever the Elves go out into the outskirts of their settlement, there was a high probability for them to meet these magic beasts . Although the magic beasts didn’t dare to enter the city, they were still able to roam around due to the absence of 9th ranks .

Zhao Hai already told the Elves about this matter when they decided to plant trees . However, the Elves didn’t care much about it . They





They were already used to being attacked by the magic beasts in the Elven Forest, being attacked by magic beasts now wouldn’t be much of an issue .

Because of this and many other matters, Shue needed to lend Green and the others a hand . Extracting himself from these tasks couldn’t be done in a short time .

Since the Processing Machine needed two days to make the potion, Zhao Hai decided to have Shue continue with what he was doing in this period of time . Also, it seems like the Demons would still need some time to prepare their attack . At this moment, Zhao Hai had nothing to do, he was totally free .

After taking care of the Processing Machine, Zhao Hai made Lizzy and the others rest . Then he led Berry out of the Space to visit the Dwarf camp .

Although the Dwarves were tasked to make tunnels, these tunnels don’t need too much manpower to make . At most, the operation would need a commanding Dwarf while most of the work was done by the iron beasts . Because of this, a lot of people were still present inside the camp .

Zhao Hai went to the camp and saw the Dwarves practicing their fighting techniques . Meanwhile, outside the camp were a lot of curious adventurers . They were looking at the camp in order to see the Dwarves . However, because of the order, they didn’t dare to go in . At the same time, the Dwarves were too preoccupied to care about them .

When Zhao Hai arrived at the camp, the Dwarves immediately took notice of him . Two Dwarves went forward to greet Zhao Hai as they bowed and said, “Elder, you came”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the two and said, “Where’s Elder Julian?”

One of the Dwarves answered, “Elder Julian is currently taking charge in making the tunnels . Do you want us to call him over?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ll have to trouble you then . Tell him I came with liquor to drink . ” The Dwarves nodded as one of them turned around and ran .

Zhao Hai entered the Dwarf camp with a happy mood . Although the area of the Dwarf camp has been made private, it wasn’t fenced off or walled in . It was only the Humans who didn’t dare come here because of Besmir’s strict order .

The remaining Dwarf led Zhao Hai to the place where Julian lived before he retreated . Zhao Hao looked around the place and muttered,

place and muttered, “This is quite a small courtyard . ” It was relatively independent, but it wasn’t just Julian who was living here . There were a lot of Dwarves inside, all of them busy with what they were doing that none of them took the chance to approach and talk to Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai couldn’t blame them, he knew that this was just the Dwarves being Dwarves . It doesn’t matter who came, as long as the Dwarves were busy, they will not come and greet that person, even if it was the Patriarch .

Not long after Zhao Hai reached the courtyard, a laugh was suddenly heard, “Mister, how did you have the time to ask me for a drink?

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I had nothing to do, so I came to drink a cup . But also, I was waiting for the Elves to arrive . I think it wouldn’t be long before we can see them on the horizon . ”

Julian smiled and said, “But still, they can’t be as fast as us . I must say, your Space Divergent ability is really something . For you to be able to take us from the Dwarf Mountain to Demon City in such a short time is extremely astonishing . It’s quite nice to be able to travel a thousand kilometers in just a single step . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s quite good . In a few days, I’ll be taking the Beastmen from the Prairie to here . When that time comes, Demon City would become more lively . ”

Julian smiled and said, “The Dwarves and the Beastmen had broken our relationship for a long time . It would be great to see our Beastman brothers once more . ” The Beastmen and the Dwarves have quite similar temperaments . Because of this, their relationship in the past was quite good . However, when the Humans started to suppress the other races, the Dwarves drew back to their Mountain while the Beastmen returned to the Prairie . This broke contact between the two races . Being able to meet again in Demon City made Julian quite glad .

While Zhao Hai was preparing to drink with Julian, a Dwarf suddenly came knocking at the door, “Elder Julian, Elder Zhao Hai, there’s a Human outside . He said that a flying group can be seen outside the city . It’s possible that the Elves have arrived . They are asking Elder Zhao Hai to go and assist in meeting them . ”

 Chapter 702 Elves in Flower City When Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the Processing Machine, Cai er was already waiting for them . Moreover, she already got the herbs and placed them on the side of the machine . Zhao Hai looked at the pile of material s on the ground, ginsengs, crow s heart, snow lotus, goldmetal fruit, and a lot more were present . Moreover, one could clearly see how expensive the potion must be judging from how much precious things it needed . When he saw this, Zhao Hao couldn t help but sigh . All of this just to make one potion, it really was a very hard to make product . Although Zhao Hai lamented about this fact, he still turned to Cai er and said, Start it . Cai er nodded and then pressed the buttons on the Processing Machine . The Processing Machine suddenly flashed a bright light on the pile of herbs on the ground, absorbing them one by one . When all of the herbs had vanished, the Space immediately issued a prompt, Strengthening Potion being processed . Estimated time, 48 hours . 1 million gold has been deducted . Please wait patiently for the product to finish . Zhao Hai couldn t help but force a smile at this . The Space really was a drain of money . Even if it works for him, it still deducted 1 million coins to his inventory . Cai er looked at Zhao Hai and couldn t help but chuckle, Young Master, you don t need to worry . When the Space gets upgraded to a certain level, the Processing Machine wouldn t need gold to operate anymore . Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, Still, we need to wait for that day . Who knows, maybe I will go broke even before we reach that point . Lizzy and the others chuckled, all of them knew that Zhao Hai was just cracking a joke . Although the Processing Machine had indeed taken a lot of money, Lizzy and the others knew that Zhao Hai wouldn t run out of money . With the produce that the Space provides everyday, money would certainly be the last of their problems . And even if they can t sell it to the continent, Zhao Hai can still sell them off to the Space . Although the Space buys them at a lower price, it was still at an understandable rate . When Lizzy and the other first saw this happen, they were very startled . If Zhao Hai were to introduce these gold coins to the continent, then he would certainly give ruin to the running economy of the world . Fortunately, Zhao Hai wanted to be low key, he didn t like to go too far in acquiring and introducing gold to the continent . Forty eight hours, it would take two days before the potion gets made . Although Zhao Hai was somewhat disappointed that he couldn t see the potion today, he didn t say anything and just led the group back to the villa . On the other hand, even though Shue got word from Zhao Hai, it was still impossible for him to hand over his work to someone else in such a short period of time . After all, there were too many people currently living in the Black Wasteland . The Elves and the Dwarves have already reached the Buddha Family s land . Zhao Hai had also given them a place to settle in . There was no need to mention the Dwarves, they were now temporarily living inside the camps . However, they have started to dig inside Iron Mountain to see if there were iron deposits still left . At the same time, they were also preparing the caverns inside the mountain since they were used to the living environment there . On the other hand, the Elves were much more troublesome to settle in . They were too familiar to the life inside the Tree of Life, and it was impossible for the Black Wasteland to have a tree of that size . And compared to the temperate forest, the Black Wasteland would have freezing winters, at the same time, it was impossible for the Elves to live inside Iron Mountain . Therefore, Zhao Hai made a special plan to give them a place to which they can plant trees in . This way, they would find their settlement more comfortable to live in . Although the Black Wasteland is big, it was impossible for it to have places like the Dwarf Mountain and the Elven Forest . Because of this, Zhao Hai still had problems in finding places appropriate for the Elves to plant their trees . In the end, the plan was stopped since way too many people had started to stream into the Black Wasteland . Since Zhao Hai didn t have a means to arrange a proper place for the Elves, he decided to just place them in Flower City, making them live their isolated lives once more . Flower City was quite big, and because it was in the Carrion Swamp it was very isolated from the others . This gave the Elves a feeling of security . However, it was still impossible for the city to accommodate all of the Elves . In the end, Zhao Hai had to ask Cai er to expand the city so that the Elves can move in . This was only a temporary arrangement, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to make them live for too long in this place . After all, Flower City was once interlinked with a spatial rift to the Demon Realm . Zhao Hai couldn t have people living in this place . However, the Elves loved Flower City . Although they had a change of environment, flowers and vines were present everywhere in the place . Moreover, they also didn t need to worry about food because Zhao Hai would be bringing it to them . Because of this, it took a very short time for the Elves to get settled in . But even so, the Elves were still quite restless . After having lived in Flower City, they discovered that they had nothing else to do . They cannot just eat and sleep everyday, that was something that pigs did . Therefore, they proposed an idea to Zhao Hai, they wanted to plant trees in the Carrion Swamp . Zhao Hai didn t have a choice but to comply . He went to the Elf Queen and told her about this matter . The Queen immediately agreed and had prepared some seedlings to be sent over . These seedlings were the ones most commonly used by the Elves . Now that the Elves had started to plant trees near Flower City, Zhao Hai stopped thinking about them . He decided to let them be, this was also allow them to cultivate their strength . Although the magic beasts of the carrion swamp didn t disturb the Black Wasteland anymore, Zhao Hai has yet to subdue them . It wasn t because he didn t have the capability, but because he just didn t want to, he wanted the beasts to live in the swamp quite freely . Now that the Elves have occupied Flower City, it was inevitable for them to get attacked . Whenever the Elves go out into the outskirts of their settlement, there was a high probability for them to meet these magic beasts . Although the magic beasts didn t dare to enter the city, they were still able to roam around due to the absence of 9th ranks . Zhao Hai already told the Elves about this matter when they decided to plant trees . However, the Elves didn t care much about it . They were already used to being attacked by the magic beasts in the Elven Forest, being attacked by magic beasts now wouldn t be much of an issue . Because of this and many other matters, Shue needed to lend Green and the others a hand . Extracting himself from these tasks couldn t be done in a short time . Since the Processing Machine needed two days to make the potion, Zhao Hai decided to have Shue continue with what he was doing in this period of time . Also, it seems like the Demons would still need some time to prepare their attack . At this moment, Zhao Hai had nothing to do, he was totally free . After taking care of the Processing Machine, Zhao Hai made Lizzy and the others rest . Then he led Berry out of the Space to visit the Dwarf camp . Although the Dwarves were tasked to make tunnels, these tunnels don t need too much manpower to make . At most, the operation would need a commanding Dwarf while most of the work was done by the iron beasts . Because of this, a lot of people were still present inside the camp . Zhao Hai went to the camp and saw the Dwarves practicing their fighting techniques . Meanwhile, outside the camp were a lot of curious adventurers . They were looking at the camp in order to see the Dwarves . However, because of the order, they didn t dare to go in . At the same time, the Dwarves were too preoccupied to care about them . When Zhao Hai arrived at the camp, the Dwarves immediately took notice of him . Two Dwarves went forward to greet Zhao Hai as they bowed and said, Elder, you came Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the two and said, Where s Elder Julian One of the Dwarves answered, Elder Julian is currently taking charge in making the tunnels . Do you want us to call him over Zhao Hai smiled and said, I ll have to trouble you then . Tell him I came with liquor to drink . The Dwarves nodded as one of them turned around and ran . Zhao Hai entered the Dwarf camp with a happy mood . Although the area of the Dwarf camp has been made private, it wasn t fenced off or walled in . It was only the Humans who didn t dare come here because of Besmir s strict order . The remaining Dwarf led Zhao Hai to the place where Julian lived before he retreated . Zhao Hao looked around the place and muttered, This is quite a small courtyard . It was relatively independent, but it wasn t just Julian who was living here . There were a lot of Dwarves inside, all of them busy with what they were doing that none of them took the chance to approach and talk to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai couldn t blame them, he knew that this was just the Dwarves being Dwarves . It doesn t matter who came, as long as the Dwarves were busy, they will not come and greet that person, even if it was the Patriarch . Not long after Zhao Hai reached the courtyard, a laugh was suddenly heard, Mister, how did you have the time to ask me for a drink Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I had nothing to do, so I came to drink a cup . But also, I was waiting for the Elves to arrive . I think it wouldn t be long before we can see them on the horizon . Julian smiled and said, But still, they can t be as fast as us . I must say, your Space Divergent ability is really something . For you to be able to take us from the Dwarf Mountain to Demon City in such a short time is extremely astonishing . It s quite nice to be able to travel a thousand kilometers in just a single step . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, It s quite good . In a few days, I ll be taking the Beastmen from the Prairie to here . When that time comes, Demon City would become more lively . Julian smiled and said, The Dwarves and the Beastmen had broken our relationship for a long time . It would be great to see our Beastman brothers once more . The Beastmen and the Dwarves have quite similar temperaments . Because of this, their relationship in the past was quite good . However, when the Humans started to suppress the other races, the Dwarves drew back to their Mountain while the Beastmen returned to the Prairie . This broke contact between the two races . Being able to meet again in Demon City made Julian quite glad . While Zhao Hai was preparing to drink with Julian, a Dwarf suddenly came knocking at the door, Elder Julian, Elder Zhao Hai, there s a Human outside . He said that a flying group can be seen outside the city . It s possible that the Elves have arrived . They are asking Elder Zhao Hai to go and assist in meeting them .





* * *





Chapter 703 – Threat

Zhao Hai stood up and turned to Julian before saying, “It would be nice to have a drink with you . But it seems like I don’t have the opportunity to do it this time . Sigh . To be honest, I really don’t like to deal with the Elves . Although they are good fighters, they are a bit too proud . However, since they are also a member of the Ark Continent, we can’t just leave them behind . ”

The reason why Zhao Hai dared to tell Julian about this was because he knew that after the previous debacle, the Elves weren’t exactly in good graces with the Dwarves .

Although Billy knew that the attitude that the Great Elder and the Prince showed him was due to them being people from the Radiant Church, Billy was also aware that the Elves were truly looking down on the Dwarves . This fact made Billy quite angry .

And after Billy returned to the Dwarf Mountain, he told everyone about this matter . With the Dwarf Race’s disposition, they just wouldn’t let this offense go lightly . Therefore, the Dwarves didn’t have a good impression with the Elves from then on . It was only because of the Demons that the Dwarves chose to refrain from acting on the Elves .

The Dwarves have the capital to do so . After all, they have a lot of opportunities to get in touch with the Humans . Their weapons were very popular for Human armies, this made it possible for them to acquire Human goods as trade . Among the other races, the Dwarves has been faring the best .

The Elves’ arrogance ran through their bones, and it was a completely incomprehensible attitude . One should know that before the Dwarves came, the Elves were living quite terrible lives . Only after they got in contact with the Dwarves and managed to sell some of their artworks off that they began to live comfortably . For the Elves to still look down on the Dwarves after all of this was something that Billy and the others were unable to bear . But since the Elves were quite important to the alliance, the Dwarves didn’t dare to make any moves . However, the gap was already there .

Because of this, Zhao Hai can feel relieved when expressing such bold words regarding the Elves in front of





the Dwarves . Not only will it be fine, the statement might even make Zhao Hai look better in the eyes of the Dwarves .

When Julian heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Alright, but you still need to see those guys . I just can’t understand why the Elves are arrogant towards the Dwarves . It’s very strange . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh as well, “It’s quite strange indeed . Alright, Julian, I’ll have a drink with you when I have some time . ”

Julian nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll wait for you . ” Zhao Hai waved to Julian one last time before turning around to leave .

Outside the Dwarf camp was a Human soldier . When that soldier saw Zhao Hai come out, he immediately went forward and gave Zhao Hai a salute, “Mister, the guards on the western walls saw some flying beings in the distance . We hope that you can come and look at it . ” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, let’s go and take a look . ” Then he summoned the Bone Dragon and captured the soldier before shooting up into the sky .

The soldier became a little excited, he was shaking when he was standing on top of the Bone Dragon . After all, this was the first time that he flew into the sky . And for him to do it on the head of a Bone Dragon was a truly exhilarating experience .

Before long, Zhao Hai’s Bone Dragon arrived at the western walls of the city . The Bone Dragon descended slowly before Zhao Hai had the soldier go down . After that, Zhao Hai looked into the horizon to see what was going on .

The plain white sky was currently dotted by some black spots . And presently, Zhao Hai was getting information that those black spots were red lights on the monitor . This assured Zhao Hai that the people in the distance were the Elves .

Zhao Hai immediately stood on the back of the Bone Dragon as it flew towards the sky in order meet the approaching party . Before long, the the black spots got closer and closer . Then Zhao Hai can finally make out a silhouette of Elves on top of some flying beasts . Majority of the Elves were archers, only a few of them were Mages . And it





it seems like it was the Mages that were taking the lead .

Zhao Hai had also spotted an acquaintance among the group, it was Gellar, the Elven Race’s princess . Zhao Hai didn’t expect her to be the one leading this group . Zhao Hai turned his Bone Dragon around and went side to side with Gellar’s mount . Zhao Hai turned his head and said, “Captain Gellar, welcome . Please follow me . ” Then Zhao Hai flew towards a part of the city where the Elves were supposed to live in . Besmir personally inspected the cleanliness of the place . It was even much cleaner than the residences for the Dwarves and the Beastmen .

Gellar hadn’t had a chance to say anything as she gave a command to her people to follow Zhao Hai towards Demon City . This time, most of the archers that came with Gellar were harp users, they numbered about 5 thousand . Zhao Hai and Besmir had arranged to have them stay in the richer parts of the city, where the environment was relatively better .

After Gellar and the others had disembarked, Zhao Hai led them to get familiar with their residences . Zhao Hai turned to Gellar and said, “Captain, this place shall be your area inside Demon City . Rest assured, I’ve already sent an order to have the Humans refrain from coming here . If one disobeyed the order and still came here, then your people would be fit to judge them . Everything that you will need has already been prepared . If there’s anything else that you require, then you can send someone to approach me or send it through the General . Speaking of which, Captain Gellar, come with me to meet the General of the Demon City’s army . ”

Gellar nodded and said, “Alright, Elder, please lead the way . ” Zhao Hai gave a nod before he led Gellar as well as two harp archers towards the center of Demon City . Zhao Hai didn’t mind the guards too much . After all, Gellar was the princess of the Elven race .

The arrival of the Elves elicited more of a response compared to the Dwarves’ arrival . This was the Elves, titled as the most beautiful race in the entire Ark Continent . The entire city caused a stir, mercenaries, adventurers, and soldiers alike were filling the roads .

When these





When these people saw Gellar’s appearance, each of their eyes turned red . Two mercenaries even dared to whistle, which were promptly made stiff by Zhao Hai’s pressuring gaze .

Gellar and the others weren’t familiar with all these attention . The three of them glared at the two people when Zhao Hai took action . The two guards were completely ready to kill, afraid that people might rush towards Gellar .

Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it . These mercenaries and adventurers in Demon city weren’t generally good people anyway . Majority of them came to offer their lives in exchange for money . To make their own and their family’s lives better, they disregarded life and death . Therefore, it made an environment of lawlessness inside the city .

At the same time, Zhao Hai also wanted to give them a warning . Elves were truly very attractive . If these fellows were to have bad thoughts, then they might even charge towards the Elven encampment to cause trouble . At this time, Zhao Hai stopped, Gellar and the other two Elves looked at him in confusion . Zhao Hai swept his gaze towards the mercenaries and adventurers as said with a threatening tone, “I don’t care about any of your backgrounds, however, I must tell you that the Elves, Dwarves, and the Beastmen are our allies . Allies that this Zhao Hai had invited . If anyone dares to be impolite to them, then I would personally make them regret their decision . Don’t think that since the world is going into turmoil, you would be able to do whatever you want . If you do any crimes inside Demon City, then even if you go to the ends of the continent, I will come to you and eliminate you . This Zhao Hai has always lived by his words . You better reign in any improper thoughts . Otherwise, I won’t mind adding more people into my undead army . ” Then after giving a cold look to those present, Zhao Hai moved forward .

What Zhao Hai said about these people were in fact true . Among these people, a lot of them held criminal records . They have done crimes on other places, so they cannot stay in the continent for too long, this made them decide to run towards Demon City .

These fellows just became so bold after seeing how beautiful

seeing how beautiful the Elves were . With how weak their minds were, the only thing that was on their mind was how much they would get if they can capture on Elf . One should know that even one Elf can garner enough gold coins that can make someone live in luxury for the rest of their lives . They believed that with the chaos in the continent, they can just run to another place and nobody would take the effort to arrest them .

However, Zhao Hai’s threat was actually effective . One could say that the people’s worst nightmare would be Dark Mages . From what they heard, Dark Mages were people who were able to take your soul out of your body and imprison it . Dark Mages can then use methods interrogate that soul and ask for the whereabouts of one’s family, who will then die to the hands of the Dark Mage .

Moreover, when one’s soul is imprisoned, it doesn’t mean that one would have control of their own being . In essence, an imprisoned soul could just helplessly stare as the Dark Mage proceeds to kill all of their loved ones . This was a kind of torture that nobody would be able to withstand .

Because of this, no matter what kind of person one was, they would always be afraid of Dark Mages . This was because Dark Mages were the quintessential ‘bad guys’ of the continent .

And with Zhao Hai being the strongest Dark Mage, his threat was the most ominous one . Although these people were lawless, they were still intelligent enough to not ignore Zhao Hai’s words .

After Zhao Hai issued his threat, the onlookers immediately behaved themselves . They didn’t dare to act unreasonable anymore . In the current Demon City, Zhao Hai undoubtedly held the most power . If they disregard Zhao Hai, then they wouldn’t even be aware how they died . Therefore, they had no other choice but to stay honest .

Zhao Hai brought Gellar’s group to the General’s residence and introduced them to Besmir . This time, the Elves were just present because they needed to experience the battlefield . Then at appropriate times, Zhao Hai would have them fight with the Demons . Zhao Hai didn’t really expect the Elves to have a large impact against the battle, after all, the number of Elves were just too small .

 Chapter 703 Threat Zhao Hai stood up and turned to Julian before saying, It would be nice to have a drink with you . But it seems like I don t have the opportunity to do it this time . Sigh . To be honest, I really don t like to deal with the Elves . Although they are good fighters, they are a bit too proud . However, since they are also a member of the Ark Continent, we can t just leave them behind . The reason why Zhao Hai dared to tell Julian about this was because he knew that after the previous debacle, the Elves weren t exactly in good graces with the Dwarves . Although Billy knew that the attitude that the Great Elder and the Prince showed him was due to them being people from the Radiant Church, Billy was also aware that the Elves were truly looking down on the Dwarves . This fact made Billy quite angry . And after Billy returned to the Dwarf Mountain, he told everyone about this matter . With the Dwarf Race s disposition, they just wouldn t let this offense go lightly . Therefore, the Dwarves didn t have a good impression with the Elves from then on . It was only because of the Demons that the Dwarves chose to refrain from acting on the Elves . The Dwarves have the capital to do so . After all, they have a lot of opportunities to get in touch with the Humans . Their weapons were very popular for Human armies, this made it possible for them to acquire Human goods as trade . Among the other races, the Dwarves has been faring the best . The Elves arrogance ran through their bones, and it was a completely incomprehensible attitude . One should know that before the Dwarves came, the Elves were living quite terrible lives . Only after they got in contact with the Dwarves and managed to sell some of their artworks off that they began to live comfortably . For the Elves to still look down on the Dwarves after all of this was something that Billy and the others were unable to bear . But since the Elves were quite important to the alliance, the Dwarves didn t dare to make any moves . However, the gap was already there . Because of this, Zhao Hai can feel relieved when expressing such bold words regarding the Elves in front of the Dwarves . Not only will it be fine, the statement might even make Zhao Hai look better in the eyes of the Dwarves . When Julian heard Zhao Hai, he couldn t help but laugh and said, Alright, but you still need to see those guys . I just can t understand why the Elves are arrogant towards the Dwarves . It s very strange . Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh as well, It s quite strange indeed . Alright, Julian, I ll have a drink with you when I have some time . Julian nodded and said, Alright, then I ll wait for you . Zhao Hai waved to Julian one last time before turning around to leave . Outside the Dwarf camp was a Human soldier . When that soldier saw Zhao Hai come out, he immediately went forward and gave Zhao Hai a salute, Mister, the guards on the western walls saw some flying beings in the distance . We hope that you can come and look at it . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, let s go and take a look . Then he summoned the Bone Dragon and captured the soldier before shooting up into the sky . The soldier became a little excited, he was shaking when he was standing on top of the Bone Dragon . After all, this was the first time that he flew into the sky . And for him to do it on the head of a Bone Dragon was a truly exhilarating experience . Before long, Zhao Hai s Bone Dragon arrived at the western walls of the city . The Bone Dragon descended slowly before Zhao Hai had the soldier go down . After that, Zhao Hai looked into the horizon to see what was going on . The plain white sky was currently dotted by some black spots . And presently, Zhao Hai was getting information that those black spots were red lights on the monitor . This assured Zhao Hai that the people in the distance were the Elves . Zhao Hai immediately stood on the back of the Bone Dragon as it flew towards the sky in order meet the approaching party . Before long, the the black spots got closer and closer . Then Zhao Hai can finally make out a silhouette of Elves on top of some flying beasts . Majority of the Elves were archers, only a few of them were Mages . And it seems like it was the Mages that were taking the lead . Zhao Hai had also spotted an acquaintance among the group, it was Gellar, the Elven Race s princess . Zhao Hai didn t expect her to be the one leading this group . Zhao Hai turned his Bone Dragon around and went side to side with Gellar s mount . Zhao Hai turned his head and said, Captain Gellar, welcome . Please follow me . Then Zhao Hai flew towards a part of the city where the Elves were supposed to live in . Besmir personally inspected the cleanliness of the place . It was even much cleaner than the residences for the Dwarves and the Beastmen . Gellar hadn t had a chance to say anything as she gave a command to her people to follow Zhao Hai towards Demon City . This time, most of the archers that came with Gellar were harp users, they numbered about 5 thousand . Zhao Hai and Besmir had arranged to have them stay in the richer parts of the city, where the environment was relatively better . After Gellar and the others had disembarked, Zhao Hai led them to get familiar with their residences . Zhao Hai turned to Gellar and said, Captain, this place shall be your area inside Demon City . Rest assured, I ve already sent an order to have the Humans refrain from coming here . If one disobeyed the order and still came here, then your people would be fit to judge them . Everything that you will need has already been prepared . If there s anything else that you require, then you can send someone to approach me or send it through the General . Speaking of which, Captain Gellar, come with me to meet the General of the Demon City s army . Gellar nodded and said, Alright, Elder, please lead the way . Zhao Hai gave a nod before he led Gellar as well as two harp archers towards the center of Demon City . Zhao Hai didn t mind the guards too much . After all, Gellar was the princess of the Elven race . The arrival of the Elves elicited more of a response compared to the Dwarves arrival . This was the Elves, titled as the most beautiful race in the entire Ark Continent . The entire city caused a stir, mercenaries, adventurers, and soldiers alike were filling the roads . When these people saw Gellar s appearance, each of their eyes turned red . Two mercenaries even dared to whistle, which were promptly made stiff by Zhao Hai s pressuring gaze . Gellar and the others weren t familiar with all these attention . The three of them glared at the two people when Zhao Hai took action . The two guards were completely ready to kill, afraid that people might rush towards Gellar . Zhao Hai didn t care much about it . These mercenaries and adventurers in Demon city weren t generally good people anyway . Majority of them came to offer their lives in exchange for money . To make their own and their family s lives better, they disregarded life and death . Therefore, it made an environment of lawlessness inside the city . At the same time, Zhao Hai also wanted to give them a warning . Elves were truly very attractive . If these fellows were to have bad thoughts, then they might even charge towards the Elven encampment to cause trouble . At this time, Zhao Hai stopped, Gellar and the other two Elves looked at him in confusion . Zhao Hai swept his gaze towards the mercenaries and adventurers as said with a threatening tone, I don t care about any of your backgrounds, however, I must tell you that the Elves, Dwarves, and the Beastmen are our allies . Allies that this Zhao Hai had invited . If anyone dares to be impolite to them, then I would personally make them regret their decision . Don t think that since the world is going into turmoil, you would be able to do whatever you want . If you do any crimes inside Demon City, then even if you go to the ends of the continent, I will come to you and eliminate you . This Zhao Hai has always lived by his words . You better reign in any improper thoughts . Otherwise, I won t mind adding more people into my undead army . Then after giving a cold look to those present, Zhao Hai moved forward . What Zhao Hai said about these people were in fact true . Among these people, a lot of them held criminal records . They have done crimes on other places, so they cannot stay in the continent for too long, this made them decide to run towards Demon City . These fellows just became so bold after seeing how beautiful the Elves were . With how weak their minds were, the only thing that was on their mind was how much they would get if they can capture on Elf . One should know that even one Elf can garner enough gold coins that can make someone live in luxury for the rest of their lives . They believed that with the chaos in the continent, they can just run to another place and nobody would take the effort to arrest them . However, Zhao Hai s threat was actually effective . One could say that the people s worst nightmare would be Dark Mages . From what they heard, Dark Mages were people who were able to take your soul out of your body and imprison it . Dark Mages can then use methods interrogate that soul and ask for the whereabouts of one s family, who will then die to the hands of the Dark Mage . Moreover, when one s soul is imprisoned, it doesn t mean that one would have control of their own being . In essence, an imprisoned soul could just helplessly stare as the Dark Mage proceeds to kill all of their loved ones . This was a kind of torture that nobody would be able to withstand . Because of this, no matter what kind of person one was, they would always be afraid of Dark Mages . This was because Dark Mages were the quintessential bad guys of the continent . And with Zhao Hai being the strongest Dark Mage, his threat was the most ominous one . Although these people were lawless, they were still intelligent enough to not ignore Zhao Hai s words . After Zhao Hai issued his threat, the onlookers immediately behaved themselves . They didn t dare to act unreasonable anymore . In the current Demon City, Zhao Hai undoubtedly held the most power . If they disregard Zhao Hai, then they wouldn t even be aware how they died . Therefore, they had no other choice but to stay honest . Zhao Hai brought Gellar s group to the General s residence and introduced them to Besmir . This time, the Elves were just present because they needed to experience the battlefield . Then at appropriate times, Zhao Hai would have them fight with the Demons . Zhao Hai didn t really expect the Elves to have a large impact against the battle, after all, the number of Elves were just too small .





* * *





Chapter 704 – The Elephant Race Arrives

After Gellar was briefed on their tasks, Zhao Hai immediately lead them back to their camp . However, he didn’t have enough time to be idle since it was time for him to meet the Elephant Beastmen .

One must say, the Beast King’s working efficiency is very high . It wasn’t a long time before Zhao Hai approached him but everything has already been prepared . Upon asking the Beast King, Zhao Hai knew that the Beast King didn’t have the Elephant Race head to Beast God City . Instead, he just had them gather in their main camp and wait there for Zhao Hai to pick them up . This saved a lot of time since the only thing that needed waiting was the hawk that delivered the letter .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh when he heard the Beast King’s method . Then his body flashed and appeared in a place not far away from the Elephant Race’s main camp .

The Elephants had a very good reputation in the Prairie . But although their temperament was quite mild, they were really good fighters . They didn’t fear any race in the Prairie and the other races didn’t want to offend them either .

Ordinary Elephant Beastmen were much bigger than Humans . They have average heights of five meters while some of them can even reach six or seven meters high . The weapons that they are using were special and were divided into two types . They had maces for both hands, but they were much bigger than the ones usually used by the other Beastmen . They were sturdy weapons that seems to be made out of beast bone .

Their other weapon was actually a scimitar . This weapon wasn’t wielded by their hands, but instead by their noses . It was quite known that the nose of an Elephant was much more dextrous compared to their hands .

Like majority of maces, the Elephant Race’s maces pack a lot of thunderous power in each strike . On the other hand, their scimitars were quick and light, due to the control provided by their long trunks . With how their scimitars gracefully swing on the battlefield, the Elephant Race’s blade arts became quite famous in the continent .

When Zhao Hai arrived at the main camp, he





saw a gathering of about twenty thousand Elephant Beastman Warriors and twenty thousand war elephants . This army can be used both as an infantry and as a cavalry . However, the Elephants were less lethal when riding their mounts . Their mounts weren’t really suited for high speed movements, which weakens the Elephant Race’s ability to charge the enemy . In the end, the Elephant cavalry can only be played around by their much nimble enemies .

On the other hand, their prowess as an infantry was different . Every single step the Elephants make, even if quite slow, gave off an intimidating aura, pressuring the creatures they were up against . There wasn’t a lot that an army could do to withstand an Elephant infantry advance .

The war elephants of the Elephant Race weren’t suitable for being mounts . They weren’t fast beasts, however, they are quite heavy, this made it possible for these beasts to be used in wars as well .

When Zhao Hai flew his Bone Dragon towards the main camp of the Elephants, the 20 thousand warriors were already prepared to be deployed . At the same time, the tribe’s Patriarch was already there waiting for Zhao Hai .

The Royal Clan of the Elephant race was quite a famous group in the Prairie, they were the Silver Elephant Clan . Their skins were silver-white, some might even claim to see them radiate silver shine . Their skins were extremely defensive, and in addition to their monstrous strengths, they were quite the force among the Beastman Race .

Zhao Hai had his Bone Dragon land outside the main camp . When the Elephant Patriarch saw Zhao hai, he immediately went forward and bowed, “Elephant Race’s Patriarch Baht meets His Highness, Prince Zhao Hai . ” Zhao Hai returned the courtesy and said, “Patriarch Baht is too polite . To be honest, I didn’t expect your race to get prepared this quickly . ”

Baht smiled and said, “When I received His Majesty’s letter, this Baht didn’t dare to neglect it . After all, we Beastman have been longing to fight with the Demons for quite some time . I didn’t even expect that we would be the first ones to be deployed . This is really the luck of the Elephant Race . I already made the men gather around so that the Prince can take





take them away at any time . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he glanced at the Elephant army and said, “I will have to trouble the Patriarch this time . Since Demon City has become quite hectic, I won’t be staying here for long . When I have time, I shall have a drink with the Patriarch later . ”

Baht smiled and said, “The Prince is too polite . When you visit later, I shall personally arrive to entertain you . ” Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright, then that’s settled . ” Then he waved his hand as a spatial rift appeared . Zhao Hai turned to Baht and said, “Then I won’t be staying, Patriarch please command your men in . ”

Baht nodded, then he beckoned his hand before a Silver Elephant came . Baht looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Prince, this is my son, Barres . He will be the commander for this troop . If the Prince has anything he needs, then you can freely approach him . ”

Barres immediately bowed and said, “I have seen His Highness Prince Zhao Hai . ” He had a very nasally voice . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, then we’re good to go . ” Berres trumpeted his trunk before the army slowly entered the spatial rift .

When all of the Elephants had entered the rift, Zhao Hai then turned to Baht and said, “Patriarch Baht, I shall be leaving . I won’t be disturbing you anymore . ” He bowed to Baht once more before entering the rift and vanishing .

When Zhao Hai came out of the rift, he saw Barres leading his men to make a formation outside Demon City . Seeing them prepared, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Barres, follow me . I’ll lead you to the place where you will be staying at . Let’s have you rest in the city first . ” Bares complied and commanded his army to walk towards the city along with Zhao Hai .

The people on the city had spotted the army as well . However, when they saw Zhao Hai’s Bone Dragon, they immediately knew that it was the reinforcements . This made their hearts warm up with excitement .

Although there weren’t a lot of reinforcements from the three other races, it was still a very huge morale boost to the defenders of Demon City .





. For the people inside the city, this meant that three powers were supporting them from behind .

Before long, Zhao Hai had taken the Elephant Beastmen to their residence . One must say that the Elephant Race’s camp needed special attention . They needed big houses otherwise they wouldn’t be able to fit .

The arrival of the Elephants didn’t make as large as a commotion compared to the Dwarves and Elves . After all, there were still ample contact between the Humans and Beastmen all these years . At the same time, Humans and Beastmen would constantly go into war with each other . This made the Beastmen look bad in the minds of the Humans .

Although the Buddha Empire didn’t border with the Beastman Prairie and big battles generally didn’t bother them, knowing that the Beastmen and Humans went to war with each other still had an effect in their mentality . However, the arrival of the three races were still able to calm the defenders’ hearts . Knowing that Demon City has been reinforced and strengthened was a very good thing for the people inside the city .

In fact, it wasn’t only Demon City which will have reinforcements . Later on, the three races will be sending more troops to aid the Buddha Empire . Together with the Humans, the entire Buddha Empire will be formed into a defensive fort .

At this time, all of the races in the continent needed to be united . The Divine Race even has yet to arrive, and this worried Zhao Hai .

After taking care of the Elephants, Zhao Hai lead Berry back to the Space . Laura and the others had now gotten up and were ready to eat their meal . Since Zhao Hai was quite hungry as well, he decided to eat along with them . At the same time, Zhao Hai also looked at the monitor and looked at the scenery outside Demon City . The Demons hasn’t made a single sound, this made Zhao Hai worry .

When the Demons came, would they just be building their city in peace? Why doesn’t this feel like standard Demon behaviour? Is there something wrong?

However, Zhao Hai was also wishing for this to happen . He was also waiting for the God-rank potion to be finished . When Shue gets promoted to God-rank, then Zhao Hai’s side

Zhao Hai’s side would have four God-rank experts . With this number, Zhao Hai can now lead his undead to harass the Demons .

Time slowly passed as the skies turned dark . After this day passes, the Demons have already stepped foot on the continent for three days . There weren’t any fighting between both sides yet, there weren’t any significant losses . The present situation looked like a peaceful coexistence .

However, Zhao Hai knew that this wasn’t peace . This was merely the calm before the storm . The Demons were only waiting for their God-ranked experts to stabilize their strength . On the other hand, Zhao Hai was also waiting for his potion to be finished . As soon as the potion gets used up, then Zhao Hai would launch his own attack against the Demon Race .

Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to wait for the response coming from the Divine Race before taking any action . However, the Divine Race has been very slow in responding . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to take a shot at the Demons and see if he can drive them back all on his own . Even if he cannot deal with the Demon Race, Zhao Hai would still cement his image as a formidable person inside the minds of the Demons .

After a peaceful night, Zhao Hai came out of the Space and went to see the people from the base of operations outside the City . Zhao Hai didn’t have the Gan family take charge for the whole night . Although Tywin and the others were 9th rank experts, they weren’t like Zhao Hai who didn’t need to use any spiritual force in order to control the undead . They were different, they needed to exert an effort so that they can give orders to their minions . The reason why Zhao Hai had them guard here in the daytime was so that they can train their spiritual force .

Zhao Hai knew that although the potion for 9th rank was very beneficial, those who drank it needed to be accustomed to 9th rank strength as well . Because of this Zhao Hai decided to position them outside the city, making them use their spiritual force in controlling the undead . This way, they would be able to use their 9th rank abilities much more comfortably .

 Chapter 704 The Elephant Race Arrives After Gellar was briefed on their tasks, Zhao Hai immediately lead them back to their camp . However, he didn t have enough time to be idle since it was time for him to meet the Elephant Beastmen . One must say, the Beast King s working efficiency is very high . It wasn t a long time before Zhao Hai approached him but everything has already been prepared . Upon asking the Beast King, Zhao Hai knew that the Beast King didn t have the Elephant Race head to Beast God City . Instead, he just had them gather in their main camp and wait there for Zhao Hai to pick them up . This saved a lot of time since the only thing that needed waiting was the hawk that delivered the letter . Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh when he heard the Beast King s method . Then his body flashed and appeared in a place not far away from the Elephant Race s main camp . The Elephants had a very good reputation in the Prairie . But although their temperament was quite mild, they were really good fighters . They didn t fear any race in the Prairie and the other races didn t want to offend them either . Ordinary Elephant Beastmen were much bigger than Humans . They have average heights of five meters while some of them can even reach six or seven meters high . The weapons that they are using were special and were divided into two types . They had maces for both hands, but they were much bigger than the ones usually used by the other Beastmen . They were sturdy weapons that seems to be made out of beast bone . Their other weapon was actually a scimitar . This weapon wasn t wielded by their hands, but instead by their noses . It was quite known that the nose of an Elephant was much more dextrous compared to their hands . Like majority of maces, the Elephant Race s maces pack a lot of thunderous power in each strike . On the other hand, their scimitars were quick and light, due to the control provided by their long trunks . With how their scimitars gracefully swing on the battlefield, the Elephant Race s blade arts became quite famous in the continent . When Zhao Hai arrived at the main camp, he saw a gathering of about twenty thousand Elephant Beastman Warriors and twenty thousand war elephants . This army can be used both as an infantry and as a cavalry . However, the Elephants were less lethal when riding their mounts . Their mounts weren t really suited for high speed movements, which weakens the Elephant Race s ability to charge the enemy . In the end, the Elephant cavalry can only be played around by their much nimble enemies . On the other hand, their prowess as an infantry was different . Every single step the Elephants make, even if quite slow, gave off an intimidating aura, pressuring the creatures they were up against . There wasn t a lot that an army could do to withstand an Elephant infantry advance . The war elephants of the Elephant Race weren t suitable for being mounts . They weren t fast beasts, however, they are quite heavy, this made it possible for these beasts to be used in wars as well . When Zhao Hai flew his Bone Dragon towards the main camp of the Elephants, the 20 thousand warriors were already prepared to be deployed . At the same time, the tribe s Patriarch was already there waiting for Zhao Hai . The Royal Clan of the Elephant race was quite a famous group in the Prairie, they were the Silver Elephant Clan . Their skins were silver white, some might even claim to see them radiate silver shine . Their skins were extremely defensive, and in addition to their monstrous strengths, they were quite the force among the Beastman Race . Zhao Hai had his Bone Dragon land outside the main camp . When the Elephant Patriarch saw Zhao hai, he immediately went forward and bowed, Elephant Race s Patriarch Baht meets His Highness, Prince Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai returned the courtesy and said, Patriarch Baht is too polite . To be honest, I didn t expect your race to get prepared this quickly . Baht smiled and said, When I received His Majesty s letter, this Baht didn t dare to neglect it . After all, we Beastman have been longing to fight with the Demons for quite some time . I didn t even expect that we would be the first ones to be deployed . This is really the luck of the Elephant Race . I already made the men gather around so that the Prince can take them away at any time . Zhao Hai nodded, then he glanced at the Elephant army and said, I will have to trouble the Patriarch this time . Since Demon City has become quite hectic, I won t be staying here for long . When I have time, I shall have a drink with the Patriarch later . Baht smiled and said, The Prince is too polite . When you visit later, I shall personally arrive to entertain you . Zhao Hai laughed and said, Alright, then that s settled . Then he waved his hand as a spatial rift appeared . Zhao Hai turned to Baht and said, Then I won t be staying, Patriarch please command your men in . Baht nodded, then he beckoned his hand before a Silver Elephant came . Baht looked at Zhao Hai and said, Prince, this is my son, Barres . He will be the commander for this troop . If the Prince has anything he needs, then you can freely approach him . Barres immediately bowed and said, I have seen His Highness Prince Zhao Hai . He had a very nasally voice . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Alright, then we re good to go . Berres trumpeted his trunk before the army slowly entered the spatial rift . When all of the Elephants had entered the rift, Zhao Hai then turned to Baht and said, Patriarch Baht, I shall be leaving . I won t be disturbing you anymore . He bowed to Baht once more before entering the rift and vanishing . When Zhao Hai came out of the rift, he saw Barres leading his men to make a formation outside Demon City . Seeing them prepared, Zhao Hai nodded and said, Barres, follow me . I ll lead you to the place where you will be staying at . Let s have you rest in the city first . Bares complied and commanded his army to walk towards the city along with Zhao Hai . The people on the city had spotted the army as well . However, when they saw Zhao Hai s Bone Dragon, they immediately knew that it was the reinforcements . This made their hearts warm up with excitement . Although there weren t a lot of reinforcements from the three other races, it was still a very huge morale boost to the defenders of Demon City . For the people inside the city, this meant that three powers were supporting them from behind . Before long, Zhao Hai had taken the Elephant Beastmen to their residence . One must say that the Elephant Race s camp needed special attention . They needed big houses otherwise they wouldn t be able to fit . The arrival of the Elephants didn t make as large as a commotion compared to the Dwarves and Elves . After all, there were still ample contact between the Humans and Beastmen all these years . At the same time, Humans and Beastmen would constantly go into war with each other . This made the Beastmen look bad in the minds of the Humans . Although the Buddha Empire didn t border with the Beastman Prairie and big battles generally didn t bother them, knowing that the Beastmen and Humans went to war with each other still had an effect in their mentality . However, the arrival of the three races were still able to calm the defenders hearts . Knowing that Demon City has been reinforced and strengthened was a very good thing for the people inside the city . In fact, it wasn t only Demon City which will have reinforcements . Later on, the three races will be sending more troops to aid the Buddha Empire . Together with the Humans, the entire Buddha Empire will be formed into a defensive fort . At this time, all of the races in the continent needed to be united . The Divine Race even has yet to arrive, and this worried Zhao Hai . After taking care of the Elephants, Zhao Hai lead Berry back to the Space . Laura and the others had now gotten up and were ready to eat their meal . Since Zhao Hai was quite hungry as well, he decided to eat along with them . At the same time, Zhao Hai also looked at the monitor and looked at the scenery outside Demon City . The Demons hasn t made a single sound, this made Zhao Hai worry . When the Demons came, would they just be building their city in peace Why doesn t this feel like standard Demon behaviour Is there something wrong However, Zhao Hai was also wishing for this to happen . He was also waiting for the God rank potion to be finished . When Shue gets promoted to God rank, then Zhao Hai s side would have four God rank experts . With this number, Zhao Hai can now lead his undead to harass the Demons . Time slowly passed as the skies turned dark . After this day passes, the Demons have already stepped foot on the continent for three days . There weren t any fighting between both sides yet, there weren t any significant losses . The present situation looked like a peaceful coexistence . However, Zhao Hai knew that this wasn t peace . This was merely the calm before the storm . The Demons were only waiting for their God ranked experts to stabilize their strength . On the other hand, Zhao Hai was also waiting for his potion to be finished . As soon as the potion gets used up, then Zhao Hai would launch his own attack against the Demon Race . Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to wait for the response coming from the Divine Race before taking any action . However, the Divine Race has been very slow in responding . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to take a shot at the Demons and see if he can drive them back all on his own . Even if he cannot deal with the Demon Race, Zhao Hai would still cement his image as a formidable person inside the minds of the Demons . After a peaceful night, Zhao Hai came out of the Space and went to see the people from the base of operations outside the City . Zhao Hai didn t have the Gan family take charge for the whole night . Although Tywin and the others were 9th rank experts, they weren t like Zhao Hai who didn t need to use any spiritual force in order to control the undead . They were different, they needed to exert an effort so that they can give orders to their minions . The reason why Zhao Hai had them guard here in the daytime was so that they can train their spiritual force . Zhao Hai knew that although the potion for 9th rank was very beneficial, those who drank it needed to be accustomed to 9th rank strength as well . Because of this Zhao Hai decided to position them outside the city, making them use their spiritual force in controlling the undead . This way, they would be able to use their 9th rank abilities much more comfortably .





* * *





Chapter 705 – The Thing They Worried Most About

The Demons still didn’t attack in the next two days . However, Zhao Hai didn’t idle in this period of time . He called Barres, Julian, and Gellar over to go meet with Besmir . After all, everyone was together in defending Demon City .

After the group met, they immediately discussed about their arrangements in the future . In the end, the main task that was handed over to the Dwarves was the construction of the tunnels .

Naturally, since the Dwarves didn’t need too much people in digging, they were also tasked to deploy some of their members to help defend the city . Like the Humans, they would be acting as sentry as well as wall patrols . This wasn’t an embarrassment to them, after all, this would also help them in judging the status of the City in the future .

On the other hand, the task that was given to the Elves was quite simple . While Zhao Hai was fighting with the Demons outside the city, the Elves would be the outside aerial cavalry, taking shots at the Demons from time to time .

Although the Elves had brought a lot of dual cultivators of sword and harp, their melee capabilities were trained for ground combat . It would be impossible for them to learn aerial battles in a short time . Therefore, it would be detrimental for them to approach the Demons in melee combat .

However, the one with the biggest problems were the Elephant Beastmen . . Although they were quite slow, their defensive abilities were quite amazing . At the same time, some of them were able to use earth magic as well . They would be a huge help in the defense . The only problem was the fact that the walls were made for Humans, the Elephants would have a hard time while being stationed there .

The Elephants wouldn’t be able to scale the walls . Although their fighting strength is indeed significant, it wouldn’t have that much of an effect, after all they were on the defense . However, Zhao Hai was still quite reluctant about this . But since there was no other way, the temporary task handed over to the Elephants right now





was to help transport weapons and commodities all throughout the city .

In order to prepare for the attack of the Demons, Zhao Hai had also made the Humans use the first excavated tunnels by the Dwarves to reinforce the walls of the city . He was afraid that the walls wouldn’t be able to withstand the charge of the Demons .

Those two days went past in a blink of an eye . At this time, Zhao Hai wasn’t inside Demon City but instead he was inside the Space along with Laura and the others . All of them stood in front of the processing machine . There were only two minutes left before the God-rank potion becomes available .

Shue was standing right by Zhao Hai’s side . When Shue heard that Zhao Hai wanted to promote him into a God-ranked expert, he was utterly stunned . He was aware of the God-ranked potion, however, he didn’t expect Zhao Hai to pick him to be the first one to consume it .

But when Zhao Hai explained the reason to him, Shue immediately understood . Shue didn’t say anything, and after handing his tasks over to someone else, he immediately went to the Space .

The ticking of the Processing Machine’s timer coincided with the heartbeat of those who were present . The atmosphere got more and more tense with each digit that the timer counted down .

This was the first time that Zhao Hai would use the God-rank potion in order to promote someone to God-rank, telling people that he was not anxious would be a lie . When Shue gets promoted, then their relative power would be very close to the power of the Demon Race . Also, as long as they are given time, the number of 9th ranks that they produce would get more and more . By then, forcing the Demons to return to the Demon Realm would be an easy matter .

Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one . “Strengthening Potion has been completed . Please collect it as soon as possible . ” Then a small bottle appeared right in front of Zhao Hai .

This bottle was about the size of one’s palm . It was an extremely ordinary bottle, there were no cosmetics on it





it . Filling half of the bottle was a dark blue liquid . The color was very beautiful, it was akin to the dark blue ocean . One could see how clean the potion was, there was no point of impurity that can be seen .

Zhao Hai took the bottle and inspected it properly, then he couldn’t help but say, “All of those precious materials, only to make this much . It’s really quite an expensive potion . ” Then he gave the bottle to Shue and said, “Shue, go and prepare yourself before drinking this potion . Adjust your mental state accordingly before taking it all down . ” Shue carefully received the bottle before bowing, “Yes, Young Master . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he looked at Shue and then added, “Shue, it would be great if this potion would be able to make your clones into 9th rank . However, if it doesn’t matter . After all, the Space can just plant more materials for the potion . ”

Shue nodded then he said, “Young Master, let me excuse myself . ”

Zhao Hai gave his approval, then Shue went towards his room as Zhao Hai and the others returned to the living room . At this time, Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, do you think that Shue would succeed?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Success is for certain . The Space has not disappointed me before . However, I’m afraid that the potion won’t be enough to turn his clones into God-rank . If that happens, our strength would be lesser than what I wish it to be . ”

Berry frowned as she said, “We also aren’t aware as to when Shue would be done . I feel that the God-ranked Demons are already done with restoring their strength . ”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Maybe we’ll have to wait for a few more days . I don’t think it would be easy to deal with the Demons now that the Divine Race seem to be absent . Moreover, there is also the Demon Race’s self-exploding methods . They are quite powerful, Berry, you should already know about it . ”

Berry nodded, “Demons regard being captured after defeat to be a shame . Therefore, when they are defeated, they would immediately initiate their self-destructing incantations





self-destructing incantations . Moreover, 9th rank Demons have the capability to injure God-rank experts with their explosions . ”

Zhao Hai inodded, this was what he dreaded the most about the Demons . They were simply unafraid to die . They regard war as their lifestyle, such a race would definitely be fearless warriors .

When Laura and the others heard Berry’s statement, their expressions couldn’t help but change . They didn’t think that the Demons would get that aggressive . If both sides fought and the Demons decided to blow themselves up, then the casualties would definitely be huge .

Laura couldn’t help but look at Berry and asked, “Do only 9th rank Demons explode themselves?”

Berry shook her head and said, “I’m afraid not, every Demon above 5th rank, no matter Demon or magic beast, can self-explode . This was because of the difference between the Humans and the Demons . Humans practice Battle Qi and Magic, and while the Demons train in these methods, upon reaching 5th rank all of them would develop a Demonic Core . As long as these Demons have their core, then they would be able to explode themselves . However, low level Demons wouldn’t have powerful explosions . 5th ranks can kill or wound 6ht ranks while 6th ranks can injure 7th ranks . When 7th ranks explode they would take an 8th rank’s life . And similarly, 8th ranks would become threats to 9th ranks . ”

The worries on Laura and the others’ face became more evident . For 8th ranks to become threats to 9th ranks meant that 8th rank Demons would prove a threat to Zhao Hai’s undead . One must know that Zhao Hai’s undead were their main source of strength when going against the Demons and the Divine Race . Now it seems like Zhao Hai needed to be more careful with regards to future battles .

And although Zhao Hai can crystallize his body to the point of being unbreakable, Zhao Hai was still unaware of how strong the God-ranked Demons were . If those God-rank experts can break Zhao Hai’s crystallized body, then Zhao Hai would be placed in a perilous situation .

But even if they can’t break Zhao Hai’s crystallized body, they were still unsure whether they can beat the God-ranks of both the Demon and

the Demon and the Divine Race’s side . This was where the undead would prove useful .

Zhao Hai looked at those around him and smiled, “Alright, there’s no need to worry about these for now . Let’s wait before the Divine Race arrives and then we’ll make prior arrangements . At this point, I’m more worried about their absence than them being already here . ”

Laura nodded and said ,”I don’t know what kind of plan is being made by the Divine Race . However, I’m quite sure that when they start, then their movement wouldn’t be small . Their actions should be as fast as lightning . We should be careful about this point . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he frowned and said, “Right, apart from sending in 9th ranks, what other methods can the Divine Race do? I remember from what Iron Hammer said that its harder to descend to the Ark Continent than to ascend to the Divine Realm . Is it possible for them to have found a much better way?”

Laura and the others frowned, “They were unable to guess what ideas the Divine Race might have . After all, they had Cai’er and Berry to get information about the Demon Realm . But when it came to the Divine Realm, they have virtually nothing . This point made them worry . ”

The enemy you understand isn’t terrifying since you can make all sorts of plans against them . On the other hand, and enemy that you can’t understand is scary . No matter how many cards you have on your hand, you still couldn’t use them since you don’t know what move to make .

The preparation done by the Divine Race was certainly more than the Demon Race . But now that the Divine Race had done nothing, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel a headache .

Zhao Hao didn’t underestimate the Divine Race . When they sent their person down last time, they were able to turn heaven and earth upside down . Now that they had prepared for tens of thousands of years, who knows what methods they had already conjured .

However, there was one thing that Zhao Hai was sure about . No matter what methods the Divine Race does, he would make sure to give them the strongest counter-attack!

 Chapter 705 The Thing They Worried Most About The Demons still didn t attack in the next two days . However, Zhao Hai didn t idle in this period of time . He called Barres, Julian, and Gellar over to go meet with Besmir . After all, everyone was together in defending Demon City . After the group met, they immediately discussed about their arrangements in the future . In the end, the main task that was handed over to the Dwarves was the construction of the tunnels . Naturally, since the Dwarves didn t need too much people in digging, they were also tasked to deploy some of their members to help defend the city . Like the Humans, they would be acting as sentry as well as wall patrols . This wasn t an embarrassment to them, after all, this would also help them in judging the status of the City in the future . On the other hand, the task that was given to the Elves was quite simple . While Zhao Hai was fighting with the Demons outside the city, the Elves would be the outside aerial cavalry, taking shots at the Demons from time to time . Although the Elves had brought a lot of dual cultivators of sword and harp, their melee capabilities were trained for ground combat . It would be impossible for them to learn aerial battles in a short time . Therefore, it would be detrimental for them to approach the Demons in melee combat . However, the one with the biggest problems were the Elephant Beastmen . . Although they were quite slow, their defensive abilities were quite amazing . At the same time, some of them were able to use earth magic as well . They would be a huge help in the defense . The only problem was the fact that the walls were made for Humans, the Elephants would have a hard time while being stationed there . The Elephants wouldn t be able to scale the walls . Although their fighting strength is indeed significant, it wouldn t have that much of an effect, after all they were on the defense . However, Zhao Hai was still quite reluctant about this . But since there was no other way, the temporary task handed over to the Elephants right now was to help transport weapons and commodities all throughout the city . In order to prepare for the attack of the Demons, Zhao Hai had also made the Humans use the first excavated tunnels by the Dwarves to reinforce the walls of the city . He was afraid that the walls wouldn t be able to withstand the charge of the Demons . Those two days went past in a blink of an eye . At this time, Zhao Hai wasn t inside Demon City but instead he was inside the Space along with Laura and the others . All of them stood in front of the processing machine . There were only two minutes left before the God rank potion becomes available . Shue was standing right by Zhao Hai s side . When Shue heard that Zhao Hai wanted to promote him into a God ranked expert, he was utterly stunned . He was aware of the God ranked potion, however, he didn t expect Zhao Hai to pick him to be the first one to consume it . But when Zhao Hai explained the reason to him, Shue immediately understood . Shue didn t say anything, and after handing his tasks over to someone else, he immediately went to the Space . The ticking of the Processing Machine s timer coincided with the heartbeat of those who were present . The atmosphere got more and more tense with each digit that the timer counted down . This was the first time that Zhao Hai would use the God rank potion in order to promote someone to God rank, telling people that he was not anxious would be a lie . When Shue gets promoted, then their relative power would be very close to the power of the Demon Race . Also, as long as they are given time, the number of 9th ranks that they produce would get more and more . By then, forcing the Demons to return to the Demon Realm would be an easy matter . Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one . Strengthening Potion has been completed . Please collect it as soon as possible . Then a small bottle appeared right in front of Zhao Hai . This bottle was about the size of one s palm . It was an extremely ordinary bottle, there were no cosmetics on it . Filling half of the bottle was a dark blue liquid . The color was very beautiful, it was akin to the dark blue ocean . One could see how clean the potion was, there was no point of impurity that can be seen . Zhao Hai took the bottle and inspected it properly, then he couldn t help but say, All of those precious materials, only to make this much . It s really quite an expensive potion . Then he gave the bottle to Shue and said, Shue, go and prepare yourself before drinking this potion . Adjust your mental state accordingly before taking it all down . Shue carefully received the bottle before bowing, Yes, Young Master . Zhao Hai nodded, he looked at Shue and then added, Shue, it would be great if this potion would be able to make your clones into 9th rank . However, if it doesn t matter . After all, the Space can just plant more materials for the potion . Shue nodded then he said, Young Master, let me excuse myself . Zhao Hai gave his approval, then Shue went towards his room as Zhao Hai and the others returned to the living room . At this time, Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and said, Big Brother Hai, do you think that Shue would succeed Zhao Hai nodded and said, Success is for certain . The Space has not disappointed me before . However, I m afraid that the potion won t be enough to turn his clones into God rank . If that happens, our strength would be lesser than what I wish it to be . Berry frowned as she said, We also aren t aware as to when Shue would be done . I feel that the God ranked Demons are already done with restoring their strength . Zhao Hai sighed and said, Maybe we ll have to wait for a few more days . I don t think it would be easy to deal with the Demons now that the Divine Race seem to be absent . Moreover, there is also the Demon Race s self exploding methods . They are quite powerful, Berry, you should already know about it . Berry nodded, Demons regard being captured after defeat to be a shame . Therefore, when they are defeated, they would immediately initiate their self destructing incantations . Moreover, 9th rank Demons have the capability to injure God rank experts with their explosions . Zhao Hai inodded, this was what he dreaded the most about the Demons . They were simply unafraid to die . They regard war as their lifestyle, such a race would definitely be fearless warriors . When Laura and the others heard Berry s statement, their expressions couldn t help but change . They didn t think that the Demons would get that aggressive . If both sides fought and the Demons decided to blow themselves up, then the casualties would definitely be huge . Laura couldn t help but look at Berry and asked, Do only 9th rank Demons explode themselves Berry shook her head and said, I m afraid not, every Demon above 5th rank, no matter Demon or magic beast, can self explode . This was because of the difference between the Humans and the Demons . Humans practice Battle Qi and Magic, and while the Demons train in these methods, upon reaching 5th rank all of them would develop a Demonic Core . As long as these Demons have their core, then they would be able to explode themselves . However, low level Demons wouldn t have powerful explosions . 5th ranks can kill or wound 6ht ranks while 6th ranks can injure 7th ranks . When 7th ranks explode they would take an 8th rank s life . And similarly, 8th ranks would become threats to 9th ranks . The worries on Laura and the others face became more evident . For 8th ranks to become threats to 9th ranks meant that 8th rank Demons would prove a threat to Zhao Hai s undead . One must know that Zhao Hai s undead were their main source of strength when going against the Demons and the Divine Race . Now it seems like Zhao Hai needed to be more careful with regards to future battles . And although Zhao Hai can crystallize his body to the point of being unbreakable, Zhao Hai was still unaware of how strong the God ranked Demons were . If those God rank experts can break Zhao Hai s crystallized body, then Zhao Hai would be placed in a perilous situation . But even if they can t break Zhao Hai s crystallized body, they were still unsure whether they can beat the God ranks of both the Demon and the Divine Race s side . This was where the undead would prove useful . Zhao Hai looked at those around him and smiled, Alright, there s no need to worry about these for now . Let s wait before the Divine Race arrives and then we ll make prior arrangements . At this point, I m more worried about their absence than them being already here . Laura nodded and said , I don t know what kind of plan is being made by the Divine Race . However, I m quite sure that when they start, then their movement wouldn t be small . Their actions should be as fast as lightning . We should be careful about this point . Zhao Hai nodded, then he frowned and said, Right, apart from sending in 9th ranks, what other methods can the Divine Race do I remember from what Iron Hammer said that its harder to descend to the Ark Continent than to ascend to the Divine Realm . Is it possible for them to have found a much better way Laura and the others frowned, They were unable to guess what ideas the Divine Race might have . After all, they had Cai er and Berry to get information about the Demon Realm . But when it came to the Divine Realm, they have virtually nothing . This point made them worry . The enemy you understand isn t terrifying since you can make all sorts of plans against them . On the other hand, and enemy that you can t understand is scary . No matter how many cards you have on your hand, you still couldn t use them since you don t know what move to make . The preparation done by the Divine Race was certainly more than the Demon Race . But now that the Divine Race had done nothing, Zhao Hai couldn t help but feel a headache . Zhao Hao didn t underestimate the Divine Race . When they sent their person down last time, they were able to turn heaven and earth upside down . Now that they had prepared for tens of thousands of years, who knows what methods they had already conjured . However, there was one thing that Zhao Hai was sure about . No matter what methods the Divine Race does, he would make sure to give them the strongest counter attack





* * *





Chapter 706 – Don’t Take It Too Seriously

Shue quietly sat inside his room . He didn’t drink the God-rank potion immediately . Instead, he decided to adjust his mind first, only consuming the potion at his peak state . He held the bottle in his hand and stared at it for quite some time,

Although he kept rotating the bottle in his hand, Shue’s mind was actually somewhere else . He was thinking about the first time he and Zhao Hai met . At that time, two of them were enemies, with Shue being hired as an assassin .

But now, he was a 9th rank expert and a steward of the Buda Clan . And at the same time, he had made a name for himself that even Great nobles would give him great face whenever they meet him . And soon, he was going to be a God-ranked expert, an existence placed at the utmost apex of the entire Continent, a position only his Young Master had acquired before .

All of these things were given to him by his Young Master . Shue knew the current situation of the continent . At this time, they were truly in a dangerous position . If the Demons decide to attack at this time, then his Young Master would surely be unable to stop them .

In the past, Shue had always lamented the fact that his strength was too low, and that he cannot offer any significant help to Zhao Hai . But now, as long as he becomes a God-ranked expert, then he would become an aid to Zhao Hai’s plans .

Shue never thought of going against Zhao Hai . And this was not because of the Blood Oath, in fact, the Blood Oath has already been deemed useless once he became 9th-rank . Shue didn’t dare think about betraying Zhao Hai because he wouldn’t have had all of these things without Zhao Hai .

Shue recovered from his thoughts, his eyes held a firm resolve . He decided deep in his heart that once he becomes a God-rank expert and had God-ranked clones, then he would still follow Zhao Hai’s side, he would always stand by and protect his Young Master .

After thinking up to here, Shue’s heart became free . This was a kind of feeling that made it seem like his heart was two taels(100g) lighter .





Shue looked at the bottle, then he smiled slightly before he turned the cork and drank it . The moment the potion hit his stomach, Shue immediately felt a rush of strength tyrannically going through his body . Shue felt his body going to shreds, however, he wasn’t afraid . He believed that Zhao Hai would never harm him . Because of this, he calmed his thoughts and just allowed the energy to go through his body . He understood that there was no point in controlling something that can’t be controlled, so he just decided to wait it out .

Shue was currently in a unique state of mind . He felt that he had been separated from his fleshly body . It seemed like he was standing in a far off place, observing as his soul separated from his body . It was a marvelous feeling, Shue felt that he had become omniscient in his own little world .

Not knowing how long, but Shue suddenly felt that the rush of energy had completely subsided . It was currently running in his meridians in a straight and orderly manner .

Shue knew that the process has succeeded . He currently had the feeling of invincibility that couldn’t compare to what he was feeling before . At the same time, Shue suddenly had a discovery, his clones hadn’t been promoted to God-rank .

Shue sighed, he stood up and felt the strength of his body . Then he summoned a clone, the clone was still 9th-rank and did not reach the next level . Shue frowned before he slowly walked out of his room .

At this time, Zhao Hai was sitting inside the Space looking at the situation outside the city . It hasn’t been too long before Shue entered his room, only about two hours had passed .

Hearing Shue’s door open, Zhao Hai immediately turned his head to look . Shue had arrived at the living room at this time, he bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master . ”

When Zhao Hai looked at Shue’s gloomy expression, his face couldn’t help but turn heavy as he asked, “Shue what happened? Did you fail?”

Shue worriedly replied, “Young Master, I only half-succeeded . I am now a God-ranked expert, however, my clones are still 9th rank . ” Zhao Hai didn’t become disappointed with this result as he laughed and





and said, “That doesn’t matter, you already did good . Hahaha, from the expression of your face, I really thought that you had failed . ”

Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I have this very unusual feeling . I think that as long as I drink another potion, then my clones would reach God-rank . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then his eyes shined as he said, “Really?”

Shue nodded and said, “Yes, Young Master . The feeling is quite strong . I can assure that you that it is not a desire, but it is a genuine feeling . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good enough, there’s no need for you to explain yourself further . Cai’er, how long will the next batch of ingredients be prepared?” Cai’er counted with her fingers and said, “Young Master, at minimum, five days . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave some instructions, “Look after those materials, after they get prepared, go and immediately make a potion, there would be no need to notify me . ” Cai’er nodded .

Then Zhao Hai turned to Shue and said, “Shue, you don’t need to worry too much . When that other potion get finished, then you’ll get to drink it . When that time comes, we would have more than 1000 God-ranked experts . Those Demons and Divine Race fellows would surely get swept away . ”

Shue’s looked at Zhao Hai with an elated expression, then he kneeled to the ground and said, “Shue is forever grateful to the Young Master . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and held Shue up as he said, “Alright . Shue, there’s no need to be this formal . All of us here is family, you’re too modest . Right, follow me outside . It really makes me feel disgusted whenever I see the Demons continued to build while we couldn’t do anything . Let’s show the Demons that building their city in the Continent wouldn’t be that easy . ”

Shue couldn’t help but laugh, “Alright, Young Master . I haven’t fought with a Demon before, I want to see how fierce they really are . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned his head to Berry, “Berry, let’s head out and see how the Demon Dragon King’s people plans deal with us . ” Then the three people went out of the Space .

Outside, Zhao Hai summoned his Bone Dragon as





Dragon as the three of them stood on its head . Zhao Hai summoned 1000 undead, all of them in their humanoid form . Then Zhao Hai smiled as he relayed a message to Lizzy and Megan, “Lizzy, Megan, I’ll be handing the control of the undead army over to you while we block the God-ranked experts . Today, we must let the Demons understand that the Ark Continent isn’t just a place where they can casually come over and build cities in . They seem to be underestimating us too much”

Lizzy and Megan, who were both inside the Space, nodded . Then they commanded the undead army to slowly approach the Demons . The city that the Demons planned on building wasn’t small, therefore, the Demons were still in the process of laying in some foundations .

Upon seeing Zhao Hai’s huge army of undead, the Demon Dragon King’s expression couldn’t help but change . Just as what Berry thought, the Demon Camp had five God-ranked experts . However, the five of them were still yet to restore their strength . Currently, none of them were able to fight to their full potential .

Because of this, the Demon Dragon King sent their most elite troops to meet Zhao Hai in the past . He wanted to make Zhao Hai understand their strength, making him afraid of ever attacking them again .

Naturally, the Demon Dragon King also discovered that Zhao Hai was a God-rank expert . In order to prevent Zhao Hai from attacking, he deliberately had the God-ranked experts in his army to show a hint of their aura . This was to make it known to Zhao Hai that the Demon side had five god-ranked experts, making him hesitate to attack them .

His plan had become very successful, Zhao Hai didn’t make any other moves . He just stayed in Demon City all the time, looking at the city slowly being built . The Demon Dragon King wanted this state to continue up until the God-ranked experts were able to use their full strength . When that time comes, then they wouldn’t need to worry about any attacks that Zhao Hai might do in the future .

However, they had decided to launch an attack, not giving the Demons any chance to prepare . Moreover, the Demon Dragon King didn’t expect that along with Zhao Hai, there were also two

were also two other God-ranked experts .

The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but smile bitterly, he used to think that Zhao Hai was a patient person . He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to make a move this abruptly .

Moreover, the Demon Dragon King felt worried about the two other God-ranked experts beside Zhao Hai . Where did these two people come from? Didn’t the Ark Continent forbid the existence of God-ranked experts? The Demon Dragon King had realized that their conquest wouldn’t be as easy as they thought .

Additionally, it seems like Zhao Hai’s side wasn’t struggling from the suppression brought by the Ark Continent . They were God-ranked experts yet they seem to be able to use all of their strength . Completely unlike the Demons who needed to stabilize their condition in order to reach their full performance .

However, there wasn’t enough time to think about these . The Demon Dragon King immediately issued a command, “Prepare to meet the enemy!!” At the same time, his Black Dragon carriage shot up into the sky, the other God-ranked experts going alongside him .

These God-ranked experts were also very special . One of them was a member of the Black Dragon race, he wore a black plate armor as his sat down on his horse . The hooves and tail of this horse was aflame . It had two eyes, a scaled body and a look of extreme savageness . The Knight had a lance on his hand while a two-handed sword hung on his waist . At the same time, he also had a knight’s shield mounted on his back .

Then next God-ranked expert had a Mage’s appearance, it was a Lich . Underneath this Demon Lich was a skeleton beast . From the looks of it, the beast seemed to be a huge blood sucking bat .

To the right of the Lich was a leather armor wearing archer . He had a jet black longbow on his hand and quivers on his waist . Each quiver holding 12 jet black arrows within it .

Second to the right was a person that looked like an Assassin . Cotton garments wrapped the whole person’s body except his eyes . One couldn’t spot a hint of skin on his body . Other than the rapier on his back, there weren’t any weapons that can be seen .

 Chapter 706 Don t Take It Too Seriously Shue quietly sat inside his room . He didn t drink the God rank potion immediately . Instead, he decided to adjust his mind first, only consuming the potion at his peak state . He held the bottle in his hand and stared at it for quite some time, Although he kept rotating the bottle in his hand, Shue s mind was actually somewhere else . He was thinking about the first time he and Zhao Hai met . At that time, two of them were enemies, with Shue being hired as an assassin . But now, he was a 9th rank expert and a steward of the Buda Clan . And at the same time, he had made a name for himself that even Great nobles would give him great face whenever they meet him . And soon, he was going to be a God ranked expert, an existence placed at the utmost apex of the entire Continent, a position only his Young Master had acquired before . All of these things were given to him by his Young Master . Shue knew the current situation of the continent . At this time, they were truly in a dangerous position . If the Demons decide to attack at this time, then his Young Master would surely be unable to stop them . In the past, Shue had always lamented the fact that his strength was too low, and that he cannot offer any significant help to Zhao Hai . But now, as long as he becomes a God ranked expert, then he would become an aid to Zhao Hai s plans . Shue never thought of going against Zhao Hai . And this was not because of the Blood Oath, in fact, the Blood Oath has already been deemed useless once he became 9th rank . Shue didn t dare think about betraying Zhao Hai because he wouldn t have had all of these things without Zhao Hai . Shue recovered from his thoughts, his eyes held a firm resolve . He decided deep in his heart that once he becomes a God rank expert and had God ranked clones, then he would still follow Zhao Hai s side, he would always stand by and protect his Young Master . After thinking up to here, Shue s heart became free . This was a kind of feeling that made it seem like his heart was two taels 100g lighter . Shue looked at the bottle, then he smiled slightly before he turned the cork and drank it . The moment the potion hit his stomach, Shue immediately felt a rush of strength tyrannically going through his body . Shue felt his body going to shreds, however, he wasn t afraid . He believed that Zhao Hai would never harm him . Because of this, he calmed his thoughts and just allowed the energy to go through his body . He understood that there was no point in controlling something that can t be controlled, so he just decided to wait it out . Shue was currently in a unique state of mind . He felt that he had been separated from his fleshly body . It seemed like he was standing in a far off place, observing as his soul separated from his body . It was a marvelous feeling, Shue felt that he had become omniscient in his own little world . Not knowing how long, but Shue suddenly felt that the rush of energy had completely subsided . It was currently running in his meridians in a straight and orderly manner . Shue knew that the process has succeeded . He currently had the feeling of invincibility that couldn t compare to what he was feeling before . At the same time, Shue suddenly had a discovery, his clones hadn t been promoted to God rank . Shue sighed, he stood up and felt the strength of his body . Then he summoned a clone, the clone was still 9th rank and did not reach the next level . Shue frowned before he slowly walked out of his room . At this time, Zhao Hai was sitting inside the Space looking at the situation outside the city . It hasn t been too long before Shue entered his room, only about two hours had passed . Hearing Shue s door open, Zhao Hai immediately turned his head to look . Shue had arrived at the living room at this time, he bowed to Zhao Hai and said, Young Master . When Zhao Hai looked at Shue s gloomy expression, his face couldn t help but turn heavy as he asked, Shue what happened Did you fail Shue worriedly replied, Young Master, I only half succeeded . I am now a God ranked expert, however, my clones are still 9th rank . Zhao Hai didn t become disappointed with this result as he laughed and said, That doesn t matter, you already did good . Hahaha, from the expression of your face, I really thought that you had failed . Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, I have this very unusual feeling . I think that as long as I drink another potion, then my clones would reach God rank . Zhao Hai stared, then his eyes shined as he said, Really Shue nodded and said, Yes, Young Master . The feeling is quite strong . I can assure that you that it is not a desire, but it is a genuine feeling . Zhao Hai nodded, That s good enough, there s no need for you to explain yourself further . Cai er, how long will the next batch of ingredients be prepared Cai er counted with her fingers and said, Young Master, at minimum, five days . Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave some instructions, Look after those materials, after they get prepared, go and immediately make a potion, there would be no need to notify me . Cai er nodded . Then Zhao Hai turned to Shue and said, Shue, you don t need to worry too much . When that other potion get finished, then you ll get to drink it . When that time comes, we would have more than 1000 God ranked experts . Those Demons and Divine Race fellows would surely get swept away . Shue s looked at Zhao Hai with an elated expression, then he kneeled to the ground and said, Shue is forever grateful to the Young Master . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and held Shue up as he said, Alright . Shue, there s no need to be this formal . All of us here is family, you re too modest . Right, follow me outside . It really makes me feel disgusted whenever I see the Demons continued to build while we couldn t do anything . Let s show the Demons that building their city in the Continent wouldn t be that easy . Shue couldn t help but laugh, Alright, Young Master . I haven t fought with a Demon before, I want to see how fierce they really are . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned his head to Berry, Berry, let s head out and see how the Demon Dragon King s people plans deal with us . Then the three people went out of the Space . Outside, Zhao Hai summoned his Bone Dragon as the three of them stood on its head . Zhao Hai summoned 1000 undead, all of them in their humanoid form . Then Zhao Hai smiled as he relayed a message to Lizzy and Megan, Lizzy, Megan, I ll be handing the control of the undead army over to you while we block the God ranked experts . Today, we must let the Demons understand that the Ark Continent isn t just a place where they can casually come over and build cities in . They seem to be underestimating us too much Lizzy and Megan, who were both inside the Space, nodded . Then they commanded the undead army to slowly approach the Demons . The city that the Demons planned on building wasn t small, therefore, the Demons were still in the process of laying in some foundations . Upon seeing Zhao Hai s huge army of undead, the Demon Dragon King s expression couldn t help but change . Just as what Berry thought, the Demon Camp had five God ranked experts . However, the five of them were still yet to restore their strength . Currently, none of them were able to fight to their full potential . Because of this, the Demon Dragon King sent their most elite troops to meet Zhao Hai in the past . He wanted to make Zhao Hai understand their strength, making him afraid of ever attacking them again . Naturally, the Demon Dragon King also discovered that Zhao Hai was a God rank expert . In order to prevent Zhao Hai from attacking, he deliberately had the God ranked experts in his army to show a hint of their aura . This was to make it known to Zhao Hai that the Demon side had five god ranked experts, making him hesitate to attack them . His plan had become very successful, Zhao Hai didn t make any other moves . He just stayed in Demon City all the time, looking at the city slowly being built . The Demon Dragon King wanted this state to continue up until the God ranked experts were able to use their full strength . When that time comes, then they wouldn t need to worry about any attacks that Zhao Hai might do in the future . However, they had decided to launch an attack, not giving the Demons any chance to prepare . Moreover, the Demon Dragon King didn t expect that along with Zhao Hai, there were also two other God ranked experts . The Demon Dragon King couldn t help but smile bitterly, he used to think that Zhao Hai was a patient person . He didn t expect Zhao Hai to make a move this abruptly . Moreover, the Demon Dragon King felt worried about the two other God ranked experts beside Zhao Hai . Where did these two people come from Didn t the Ark Continent forbid the existence of God ranked experts The Demon Dragon King had realized that their conquest wouldn t be as easy as they thought . Additionally, it seems like Zhao Hai s side wasn t struggling from the suppression brought by the Ark Continent . They were God ranked experts yet they seem to be able to use all of their strength . Completely unlike the Demons who needed to stabilize their condition in order to reach their full performance . However, there wasn t enough time to think about these . The Demon Dragon King immediately issued a command, Prepare to meet the enemy At the same time, his Black Dragon carriage shot up into the sky, the other God ranked experts going alongside him . These God ranked experts were also very special . One of them was a member of the Black Dragon race, he wore a black plate armor as his sat down on his horse . The hooves and tail of this horse was aflame . It had two eyes, a scaled body and a look of extreme savageness . The Knight had a lance on his hand while a two handed sword hung on his waist . At the same time, he also had a knight s shield mounted on his back . Then next God ranked expert had a Mage s appearance, it was a Lich . Underneath this Demon Lich was a skeleton beast . From the looks of it, the beast seemed to be a huge blood sucking bat . To the right of the Lich was a leather armor wearing archer . He had a jet black longbow on his hand and quivers on his waist . Each quiver holding 12 jet black arrows within it . Second to the right was a person that looked like an Assassin . Cotton garments wrapped the whole person s body except his eyes . One couldn t spot a hint of skin on his body . Other than the rapier on his back, there weren t any weapons that can be seen .





* * *





Chapter 707 – Domain

Five people, five different appearances, but all had the same characteristics . They gave off the feeling of being dangerous . And behind them were flying Demons and magic beasts .

The undead army didn’t attack immediately . When they saw that the Demon Dragon King was coming to them, the army stopped . This gave hope to the Demon Dragon King, he was thinking that Zhao Hai really didn’t have any thoughts of attacking them today, otherwise, he wouldn’t have stopped .

Zhao Hai’s group of three went forward while on top of the Bone Dragon . The Demon Dragon King looked at Berry and saw that she already had a crystal on her head . This made the Demon Dragon King’s eyes shrink, then he shifted his gaze to Shue who was standing behind Zhao Hai .

Shue was also a God-ranked expert, but the Demon Dragon King felt a distinct aura of danger on Shue . In addition to being a God-ranked expert, the Demon Dragon King can also see a warrior, a warrior that wasn’t afraid of death .

Most importantly, the Demon Dragon King can see how Shue looks at Zhao Hai . It was a look of complete devotion, a look of worship .

Such a gaze wouldn’t have been strange on an ordinary person, however, it was truly bizarre if it appears on a God-ranked expert .

What were God-rank experts? It was a world’s peak existence . Even if one were a slave before, once he becomes God-rank, then he would achieve the treatment of a God-ranked expert as well as the respect that come along with it . One must know that these God-ranks consider themselves as the top of the food chain, there was nobody that they would lower their head to .

Taking the Demon Dragon King’s group for example, although the Demon Dragon King held a higher status, he was still unable to give commands to the other God-rank experts . The only reason why these experts listened to him was because it was an order from the





Great Demon King .

In the Demon Realm, nobody can violate the order of His Majesty the Great Demon King, even if you are a God-rank expert . Therefore, these God-ranked experts chose to cooperate with the Demon Dragon King for now .

The Demon Dragon King turned his gaze to Zhao Hai, the dread on his eyes getting thicker . He didn’t think that a God-rank expert could actually make another God-rank expert worship him . Without even considering Zhao Hai’s strength, just this point alone made Zhao Hai the most dangerous person present here .

The Demon Dragon King slowly stopped in front of Zhao Hai, then his deep voice sounded out, “Is mister really unable to let us go? Do we really need to fight to the death?”

Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and smiled faintly, “There’s no need for the Demon Dragon King to talk too much . I know the reason why you came to the Ark Continent, and you know the reason as well . Further talks are useless at this point . However, I still need to make a final question to the Demon Dragon King . Are the Demons really unwilling to go back to the Demon Realm?”

The Demon Dragon King looked straight to Zhao Hai’s eyes, and without blinking he said, “Never!”

Zhao Hai laughed, “Hahaha, then that’s the end . However, there is one thing I need to tell you . In fact, I am bringing my undead over today with the intention of having them eat a good proper meal . ”

Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as the undead behind him disappeared . When they appeared once more, they were now behind the Demon Dragon King . These undead had already changed their shape into small groups of cone formations . All of them were rotating fast as they rushed towards the Demon army .

The Demon Dragon King’s expression changed, he waved his hand as well as he said, “Kill them!!” Then his black dragon carriage went charging towards Zhao Hai . The God-rank experts behind him heading





heading forward as well .

Zhao Hai didn’t retreat, his figure moved as the Bone Dragon vanished . Then he, Berry, and Shue’s bodies disappeared in mid air . When they reappeared, they were already surrounding the Demon archer . Zhao Hai’s Blood Ghost Staff has been transformed into a glaive as it chopped towards the Archer .

Glaives weren’t present in the Ark Continent . However, because of the circumstances, Zhao Hai believed that the glaive would be the most suitable weapon for him to use at this time .

The reason why Zhao Hai chose to attack the archer was because among the other people, the Archer was the one who held the biggest threat . With his long-ranged attack, it wouldn’t be good if he was still present when Zhao Hai and the others were suppressing the Demon Dragon King .

The Archer wasn’t expecting Zhao Hai’s group to target him first . However, he wasn’t scared, instead, his face actually revealed a look of excitement . Then his figure moved as he disappeared into a region of dark cloud which also wrapped Zhao Hai’s group . At the same time, Zhao Hai and the others experienced their bodies’ weight increase by a few folds .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but mutter, “Is this the strength of a Domain?”

Zhao Hai was a God-rank expert, therefore, he knew how strong God-ranks can be . After achieving God-rank, an expert can then comprehend his own domain . This Domain would go alongside a person’s combat strength as it slowly forms . In this domain, a God-ranked expert would be able to display 120% of their strength while their enemies would be weakened to 80% of their abilities .

However, Domains are very hard to comprehend . One shouldn’t think that once you become God-ranked, then you would immediately comprehend a Domain . It takes a long time and enough experience in order to gain one .

A God-ranked expert who didn’t have a Domain could only exert about 80% of their true ability . It can be said that God-ranked experts





God-ranked experts who have a Domain and those who don’t were on two different stages .

Zhao Hai’s group hadn’t managed to comprehend their own Domain yet . Because of this, Zhao Hai used this moment to capitalize on the fact that the God-ranked Demons were yet to fully recover their strength . However, Zhao Hai could still feel the disadvantages of not having a Domain .

The God-ranked Demons seem to be aware of this point, therefore, the Demon Dragon King ominously sounded, “Domain Merge!”

Merging of Domains was a very peculiar technique . God-ranked experts were prominent people in their worlds, therefore, it was rare for them to cooperate with one another . However, once they manage to do so, they would still find it hard to fight without their Domains being a hindrance to the other . Because of this, God-ranked experts had finally thought of a method, and it was to merge the Domains together . When Domains merged, then the owners of those Domains would be able to fight together without causing trouble to their ally .

Naturally, this merging wasn’t something that can just be used casually . First, it needed two people who had fairly the same levels of strength . Then, the two people needed to have absolute trust of one another, otherwise, the process would fail .

When the Demon Dragon King saw that Zhao Hai’s group were stranded inside the Archer’s domain and still didn’t use their own, he immediately knew that Zhao Hai’s side were still yet to comprehend their domain . This made the Demon Dragon King happy . As long as Zhao Hai didn’t have a Domain, then they can just merge their Domains and lock Zhao Hai inside . Therefore, the Demon Dragon King immediately ordered for the merging of Domains .

The other God-ranked experts didn’t delay, they immediately merged one another’s Domain . Then slowly, each of their Domains fused and became a huge but unstable Domain .

However, when they used their Domain, Zhao Hai’s group had already disappeared from their original place . Zhao Hai knew about

Hai knew about Domains before, this was because Bloody War spoke about it .

Since the Demon Realm had God-ranked experts, then they certainly knew how to use a Domain . Zhao Hai just baited them to use it in order to see what a Domain really is .

At this moment, Zhao Hai and the others were sitting inside the Space as they observed the Demon Dragon King’s group . Although their Domains looked the same, there were some differences in places . The Archer’s domain was a dark mist that seemed to affect gravity . However, this Domain excludes the Archer . This allowed the archer to not only slow the enemy but blind them as well while he has free movement inside it .

The Demon Dragon King’s Domain was quite interesting, it was a type of Domain that gives a mental attack . One would fall into an illusion where the Demon Dragon King was your ruler, your god, and that you must submit to him .

The Lich’s Domain was a sea of bones . Everything inside it was an endless facade of white skeletal parts . Inside of the Domain were several undead that gets stronger and stronger the more one fights . At the same time, the undead weren’t bland fighters, they were also able to learn your techniques and use it against you .

The Knight’s Domain was very simple . Inside his Domain one would feel weak, frightened, bloodthirsty, violent, and all other negative feelings . At the same time, the knight would feel empowered, strong, and invincible . This was a Domain that would reduce someone’s abilities to the minimum while the Knight improves to his peak .

The Assassin’s Domain was an unusual one . In the Domain was a shattered house that was covered with a black fog . The fog was very poisonous and can hide the Assassin . While inside the Domain, not only would you worry about the attacks from the Assassin, you would also worry about the poison that the fog would constantly give you .

 Chapter 707 Domain Five people, five different appearances, but all had the same characteristics . They gave off the feeling of being dangerous . And behind them were flying Demons and magic beasts . The undead army didn t attack immediately . When they saw that the Demon Dragon King was coming to them, the army stopped . This gave hope to the Demon Dragon King, he was thinking that Zhao Hai really didn t have any thoughts of attacking them today, otherwise, he wouldn t have stopped . Zhao Hai s group of three went forward while on top of the Bone Dragon . The Demon Dragon King looked at Berry and saw that she already had a crystal on her head . This made the Demon Dragon King s eyes shrink, then he shifted his gaze to Shue who was standing behind Zhao Hai . Shue was also a God ranked expert, but the Demon Dragon King felt a distinct aura of danger on Shue . In addition to being a God ranked expert, the Demon Dragon King can also see a warrior, a warrior that wasn t afraid of death . Most importantly, the Demon Dragon King can see how Shue looks at Zhao Hai . It was a look of complete devotion, a look of worship . Such a gaze wouldn t have been strange on an ordinary person, however, it was truly bizarre if it appears on a God ranked expert . What were God rank experts It was a world s peak existence . Even if one were a slave before, once he becomes God rank, then he would achieve the treatment of a God ranked expert as well as the respect that come along with it . One must know that these God ranks consider themselves as the top of the food chain, there was nobody that they would lower their head to . Taking the Demon Dragon King s group for example, although the Demon Dragon King held a higher status, he was still unable to give commands to the other God rank experts . The only reason why these experts listened to him was because it was an order from the Great Demon King . In the Demon Realm, nobody can violate the order of His Majesty the Great Demon King, even if you are a God rank expert . Therefore, these God ranked experts chose to cooperate with the Demon Dragon King for now . The Demon Dragon King turned his gaze to Zhao Hai, the dread on his eyes getting thicker . He didn t think that a God rank expert could actually make another God rank expert worship him . Without even considering Zhao Hai s strength, just this point alone made Zhao Hai the most dangerous person present here . The Demon Dragon King slowly stopped in front of Zhao Hai, then his deep voice sounded out, Is mister really unable to let us go Do we really need to fight to the death Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and smiled faintly, There s no need for the Demon Dragon King to talk too much . I know the reason why you came to the Ark Continent, and you know the reason as well . Further talks are useless at this point . However, I still need to make a final question to the Demon Dragon King . Are the Demons really unwilling to go back to the Demon Realm The Demon Dragon King looked straight to Zhao Hai s eyes, and without blinking he said, Never Zhao Hai laughed, Hahaha, then that s the end . However, there is one thing I need to tell you . In fact, I am bringing my undead over today with the intention of having them eat a good proper meal . Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as the undead behind him disappeared . When they appeared once more, they were now behind the Demon Dragon King . These undead had already changed their shape into small groups of cone formations . All of them were rotating fast as they rushed towards the Demon army . The Demon Dragon King s expression changed, he waved his hand as well as he said, Kill them Then his black dragon carriage went charging towards Zhao Hai . The God rank experts behind him heading forward as well . Zhao Hai didn t retreat, his figure moved as the Bone Dragon vanished . Then he, Berry, and Shue s bodies disappeared in mid air . When they reappeared, they were already surrounding the Demon archer . Zhao Hai s Blood Ghost Staff has been transformed into a glaive as it chopped towards the Archer . Glaives weren t present in the Ark Continent . However, because of the circumstances, Zhao Hai believed that the glaive would be the most suitable weapon for him to use at this time . The reason why Zhao Hai chose to attack the archer was because among the other people, the Archer was the one who held the biggest threat . With his long ranged attack, it wouldn t be good if he was still present when Zhao Hai and the others were suppressing the Demon Dragon King . The Archer wasn t expecting Zhao Hai s group to target him first . However, he wasn t scared, instead, his face actually revealed a look of excitement . Then his figure moved as he disappeared into a region of dark cloud which also wrapped Zhao Hai s group . At the same time, Zhao Hai and the others experienced their bodies weight increase by a few folds . Zhao Hai couldn t help but mutter, Is this the strength of a Domain Zhao Hai was a God rank expert, therefore, he knew how strong God ranks can be . After achieving God rank, an expert can then comprehend his own domain . This Domain would go alongside a person s combat strength as it slowly forms . In this domain, a God ranked expert would be able to display 120 of their strength while their enemies would be weakened to 80 of their abilities . However, Domains are very hard to comprehend . One shouldn t think that once you become God ranked, then you would immediately comprehend a Domain . It takes a long time and enough experience in order to gain one . A God ranked expert who didn t have a Domain could only exert about 80 of their true ability . It can be said that God ranked experts who have a Domain and those who don t were on two different stages . Zhao Hai s group hadn t managed to comprehend their own Domain yet . Because of this, Zhao Hai used this moment to capitalize on the fact that the God ranked Demons were yet to fully recover their strength . However, Zhao Hai could still feel the disadvantages of not having a Domain . The God ranked Demons seem to be aware of this point, therefore, the Demon Dragon King ominously sounded, Domain Merge Merging of Domains was a very peculiar technique . God ranked experts were prominent people in their worlds, therefore, it was rare for them to cooperate with one another . However, once they manage to do so, they would still find it hard to fight without their Domains being a hindrance to the other . Because of this, God ranked experts had finally thought of a method, and it was to merge the Domains together . When Domains merged, then the owners of those Domains would be able to fight together without causing trouble to their ally . Naturally, this merging wasn t something that can just be used casually . First, it needed two people who had fairly the same levels of strength . Then, the two people needed to have absolute trust of one another, otherwise, the process would fail . When the Demon Dragon King saw that Zhao Hai s group were stranded inside the Archer s domain and still didn t use their own, he immediately knew that Zhao Hai s side were still yet to comprehend their domain . This made the Demon Dragon King happy . As long as Zhao Hai didn t have a Domain, then they can just merge their Domains and lock Zhao Hai inside . Therefore, the Demon Dragon King immediately ordered for the merging of Domains . The other God ranked experts didn t delay, they immediately merged one another s Domain . Then slowly, each of their Domains fused and became a huge but unstable Domain . However, when they used their Domain, Zhao Hai s group had already disappeared from their original place . Zhao Hai knew about Domains before, this was because Bloody War spoke about it . Since the Demon Realm had God ranked experts, then they certainly knew how to use a Domain . Zhao Hai just baited them to use it in order to see what a Domain really is . At this moment, Zhao Hai and the others were sitting inside the Space as they observed the Demon Dragon King s group . Although their Domains looked the same, there were some differences in places . The Archer s domain was a dark mist that seemed to affect gravity . However, this Domain excludes the Archer . This allowed the archer to not only slow the enemy but blind them as well while he has free movement inside it . The Demon Dragon King s Domain was quite interesting, it was a type of Domain that gives a mental attack . One would fall into an illusion where the Demon Dragon King was your ruler, your god, and that you must submit to him . The Lich s Domain was a sea of bones . Everything inside it was an endless facade of white skeletal parts . Inside of the Domain were several undead that gets stronger and stronger the more one fights . At the same time, the undead weren t bland fighters, they were also able to learn your techniques and use it against you . The Knight s Domain was very simple . Inside his Domain one would feel weak, frightened, bloodthirsty, violent, and all other negative feelings . At the same time, the knight would feel empowered, strong, and invincible . This was a Domain that would reduce someone s abilities to the minimum while the Knight improves to his peak . The Assassin s Domain was an unusual one . In the Domain was a shattered house that was covered with a black fog . The fog was very poisonous and can hide the Assassin . While inside the Domain, not only would you worry about the attacks from the Assassin, you would also worry about the poison that the fog would constantly give you .





* * *





Chapter 708 – Domain War

The reason why Zhao Hai knew all of these was because he had the Space’s help . Although his group had entered the Space, the Blood Ghost staff remained outside . This essentially made the Staff akin to a sensor for the Space to use in order to analyze the characteristics of a Domain .

The merging of the Domain caused a change to how they appeared . In that huge field, large houses appeared along with an imperial palace . The whole place seemed to become a city .

In addition to the structures, undead can also be seen walking through the streets of that city, looking like the citizens of the place .

At the same time, dark poisonous mists were billowing right outside the Domain City . This fog caused an increase of both gravity and negative emotions felt by those affected . On the other hand, the undead seem to benefit in all of these things . It was a very unusual sight .

After hearing the analysis of the Space regarding this merged Domain, Zhao Hai’s brows couldn’t help but wrinkle . He was now thinking of ways to break this huge Domain .

For Zhao Hai, leaving this Domain is very easy, he can just use the Space and teleport out . However, if he wanted to defeat the Demons, then he would need to destroy these Domains first . Otherwise, Zhao Hai’s attacks wouldn’t have an influence to the Demon Dragon King’s group .

What Zhao Hai didn’t know was that the Demon Dragon King was also frowning . One must know that merging Domains as well as maintaining it was a huge drain of energy . After the Demon Dragon King’s group merged their Domain, they immediately discovered that Zhao Hai had disappeared, this made them extremely confused .

The Domain that God-ranked experts comprehend was a magical field that was just like Zhao Hai’s Space . Zhao Hai can understand the changes in his Space, God-ranked experts can do the same on





their Domain . The only difference was that Domains needed energy to be activated, while the Space did not . Domains can be used in battles while the Space cannot . And lastly, Domains are small while Zhao Hai’s Space was very large .

Because of this, when Demon Dragon King’s group attacked Zhao Hai, they were quick to notice Zhao Hai’s disappearance . It was clear that Zhao Hai didn’t use his own Domain . This made the five people very puzzled .

At this time, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, “Aggressive Spatial region detected . Extracting its properties and adding it into the Sace . The host can now use a Spatial region . The characteristics of the region would be the same as the Space . ”

Zhao Hai gawked, but then a huge amount of information suddenly flooded into his head . He carefully analyzed them and discovered that it was a method to apply his Domain . The Domain was very similar to the Space . It had the Space’s environment and Zhao Hai was a god inside it, everything inside it was all up to his whims .

However, this Space wasn’t actually a real Domain . It was just a method for Zhao Hai to use the Space in a certain region outside . Zhao Hai can change the terrain outside as well as the environment, it was just like the Space .

This Domain was completely different that the one used by the Demon Dragon King’s group . Zhao Hai’s Domain doesn’t need energy to support it . This was because this Domain completely relied on the Space, it didn’t need any input from Zhao Hai . Essentially, rather than being called a Domain, it was more appropriate to call it a projection of the Space .

When he saw this Domain, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh . In this Domain, Zhao Hai was invincible and would have his own laws, nothing from outside can influence it . As long as a





a God-ranked expert gets trapped inside this Domain, then they wouldn’t be able to get out .

Naturally, this Domain needed to surround the enemy first, just like the Space . If the Space wanted to attack a person, then that person needed to be inside the Space . Otherwise, the Space wouldn’t be able to attack that person directly .

Other God-ranked Domains might be able to do it since their had their own offensive abilities . However, Zhao Hai’s Space had no way to outwardly attack . But on the positive side, Zhao Hai’s Domain cannot be destroyed . One could see Zhao Hai’s Domain as a meat grinder . It had a layer of iron outside, so you cannot destroy the meat grinder while the meat grinder couldn’t hurt you . However, once you enter that meat grinder, then you would no doubt be turned into mincemeat .

Although his Domain had no way to attack outward, Zhao Hai was still quite happy about it . God-ranked experts always worried about their Domains since having one made you a true God-ranked expert . Otherwise, you could only be considered to have a false God-rank .

Since Zhao Hai had his own Domain, then naturally he could use it . Zhao Hai’s body came out of the Space as he immediately established his Domain .

A scaled-down version of the Space suddenly appeared around Zhao Hai . This miniature Space looked very much like the beginning stages of the real Space . There were a few fields, some grasslands, a wooden house and a small seedling on the field . However, even this smaller Space was just as big as the merged field of the Demon Dragon King’s group .

Zhao Hai immediately moved his Domain to repel the merged Domain of the Demons . In retaliation, a huge pressure went towards Zhao Hai’s Domain, wanting to crush it . However, was Zhao Hai’s Space that easy to deal with? At this moment, on the periphery of Zhao Hai’s Domain, a seven colored





seven colored light suddenly flashed . The seven colored light then started to rotate around Zhao Hai’s Domain, making the pressure do nothing to Zhao Hai . When the God-ranked Demons saw this, they immediately exerted extra effort in order to squeeze Zhao Hai’s Domain out from their merged Domain .

When Zhao Hai’s Domain was pushed out of the merged Domain, the merged Domain suddenly formed into a giant skeletal archer . The arrow on the archer’s hand had a black mist surrounding it while its bow had a gloomy gas going in and out . The skeletal archer pulled the string on its bow as an arrow quickly flew towards Zhao Hai .

When the misty arrow hit Zhao Hai’s Domain, the Domain immediately turned into a whirlpool, absorbing the arrow in the process . While inside his Domain, Zhao Hai’s eyes suddenly shone with a joyful expression . This was because when the Domain received the arrow, the Space had issued a prompt, “Attacking method from space type attack received . Host can now use external attacks for his spatial region . The attack method needs to be comprehended voluntarily by the Host . ”

Although Zhao Hai had no idea what voluntarily comprehended means, he understood that his Domain had now gained an exterior offensive ability . [1] And as for the method itself, Zhao Hai gained an inspiration from what the Demon Dragon King’s group just did .

Zhao Hai waved his hand as his Domain slowly changed its shape and became a gigantic Stone Golem . The Stone Golem seem to be made out of transparent rocks . Then the Golem suddenly picked a stone from its own body and threw it towards the opposite Domain .

When met with the attack, the merged Domain suddenly divided into five smaller Domains . These five Domains changed their form as well . The Archer’s Domain turned into an arrow . The Demon Dragon King’s Domain became a black dragon . The Lich’s Domain turned into a giant skeleton . The Knight’s Domain

The Knight’s Domain became a lance . And lastly, the Assassin’s Domain turned into a clump of dark gas .

Zhao Hai looked carefully at the five Domains . The inside of the Demons’ Domain cannot be seen, it was covered by their own forms . On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s Domain was transparent, people could clearly see what was happening inside . Even when his Domain had changed its form, it was still transparent . This difference was quite bizarre .

As for the other party, the Demon Dragon King and the Lich’s Domains looked very complicated . The Archer, Knight, and Assassin had simpler forms of their Domains . It seems like the Demon Dragon King and the Lich were the more powerful people in the group, making their Domain avatars more complicated . If this was the case, then it meant that a Domain can also develop over time . The stronger the Domain the more complicated its avatar would be . At this point, Zhao Hai was wondering about how these new forms would attack . Will it be just like normal attacks?

It seems like the Demons were keen to confirm Zhao Hai’s suspicion, the arrow of the Archer’s Domain suddenly attacked Zhao Hai by launching similar arrows towards him in a non-stop barrage .

On the other hand, the Demon Dragon King’s black dragon flew in a circle before charging towards Zhao Hai’s Domain . In the process of the attack, the black dragon actually spewed a black gas towards Zhao Hai .

The Lich’s Domain did quite the same, the skeleton rushed towards Zhao Hai’s stone golem . The skeletons arms aiming to puncture through the stone golem’s body . The Knight’s lance thrusted itself while the Assassin’s mist disappeared and appeared right beside Zhao Hai’s stone golem, intent on weakening it . Just as the mist got in contact with the stone golem, white smoke suddenly came out, it seems like the gas intends to corrode the stone golem down!

It can now make yo’ momma jokes  Chapter 708 Domain War The reason why Zhao Hai knew all of these was because he had the Space s help . Although his group had entered the Space, the Blood Ghost staff remained outside . This essentially made the Staff akin to a sensor for the Space to use in order to analyze the characteristics of a Domain . The merging of the Domain caused a change to how they appeared . In that huge field, large houses appeared along with an imperial palace . The whole place seemed to become a city . In addition to the structures, undead can also be seen walking through the streets of that city, looking like the citizens of the place . At the same time, dark poisonous mists were billowing right outside the Domain City . This fog caused an increase of both gravity and negative emotions felt by those affected . On the other hand, the undead seem to benefit in all of these things . It was a very unusual sight . After hearing the analysis of the Space regarding this merged Domain, Zhao Hai s brows couldn t help but wrinkle . He was now thinking of ways to break this huge Domain . For Zhao Hai, leaving this Domain is very easy, he can just use the Space and teleport out . However, if he wanted to defeat the Demons, then he would need to destroy these Domains first . Otherwise, Zhao Hai s attacks wouldn t have an influence to the Demon Dragon King s group . What Zhao Hai didn t know was that the Demon Dragon King was also frowning . One must know that merging Domains as well as maintaining it was a huge drain of energy . After the Demon Dragon King s group merged their Domain, they immediately discovered that Zhao Hai had disappeared, this made them extremely confused . The Domain that God ranked experts comprehend was a magical field that was just like Zhao Hai s Space . Zhao Hai can understand the changes in his Space, God ranked experts can do the same on their Domain . The only difference was that Domains needed energy to be activated, while the Space did not . Domains can be used in battles while the Space cannot . And lastly, Domains are small while Zhao Hai s Space was very large . Because of this, when Demon Dragon King s group attacked Zhao Hai, they were quick to notice Zhao Hai s disappearance . It was clear that Zhao Hai didn t use his own Domain . This made the five people very puzzled . At this time, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, Aggressive Spatial region detected . Extracting its properties and adding it into the Sace . The host can now use a Spatial region . The characteristics of the region would be the same as the Space . Zhao Hai gawked, but then a huge amount of information suddenly flooded into his head . He carefully analyzed them and discovered that it was a method to apply his Domain . The Domain was very similar to the Space . It had the Space s environment and Zhao Hai was a god inside it, everything inside it was all up to his whims . However, this Space wasn t actually a real Domain . It was just a method for Zhao Hai to use the Space in a certain region outside . Zhao Hai can change the terrain outside as well as the environment, it was just like the Space . This Domain was completely different that the one used by the Demon Dragon King s group . Zhao Hai s Domain doesn t need energy to support it . This was because this Domain completely relied on the Space, it didn t need any input from Zhao Hai . Essentially, rather than being called a Domain, it was more appropriate to call it a projection of the Space . When he saw this Domain, Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh . In this Domain, Zhao Hai was invincible and would have his own laws, nothing from outside can influence it . As long as a God ranked expert gets trapped inside this Domain, then they wouldn t be able to get out . Naturally, this Domain needed to surround the enemy first, just like the Space . If the Space wanted to attack a person, then that person needed to be inside the Space . Otherwise, the Space wouldn t be able to attack that person directly . Other God ranked Domains might be able to do it since their had their own offensive abilities . However, Zhao Hai s Space had no way to outwardly attack . But on the positive side, Zhao Hai s Domain cannot be destroyed . One could see Zhao Hai s Domain as a meat grinder . It had a layer of iron outside, so you cannot destroy the meat grinder while the meat grinder couldn t hurt you . However, once you enter that meat grinder, then you would no doubt be turned into mincemeat . Although his Domain had no way to attack outward, Zhao Hai was still quite happy about it . God ranked experts always worried about their Domains since having one made you a true God ranked expert . Otherwise, you could only be considered to have a false God rank . Since Zhao Hai had his own Domain, then naturally he could use it . Zhao Hai s body came out of the Space as he immediately established his Domain . A scaled down version of the Space suddenly appeared around Zhao Hai . This miniature Space looked very much like the beginning stages of the real Space . There were a few fields, some grasslands, a wooden house and a small seedling on the field . However, even this smaller Space was just as big as the merged field of the Demon Dragon King s group . Zhao Hai immediately moved his Domain to repel the merged Domain of the Demons . In retaliation, a huge pressure went towards Zhao Hai s Domain, wanting to crush it . However, was Zhao Hai s Space that easy to deal with At this moment, on the periphery of Zhao Hai s Domain, a seven colored light suddenly flashed . The seven colored light then started to rotate around Zhao Hai s Domain, making the pressure do nothing to Zhao Hai . When the God ranked Demons saw this, they immediately exerted extra effort in order to squeeze Zhao Hai s Domain out from their merged Domain . When Zhao Hai s Domain was pushed out of the merged Domain, the merged Domain suddenly formed into a giant skeletal archer . The arrow on the archer s hand had a black mist surrounding it while its bow had a gloomy gas going in and out . The skeletal archer pulled the string on its bow as an arrow quickly flew towards Zhao Hai . When the misty arrow hit Zhao Hai s Domain, the Domain immediately turned into a whirlpool, absorbing the arrow in the process . While inside his Domain, Zhao Hai s eyes suddenly shone with a joyful expression . This was because when the Domain received the arrow, the Space had issued a prompt, Attacking method from space type attack received . Host can now use external attacks for his spatial region . The attack method needs to be comprehended voluntarily by the Host . Although Zhao Hai had no idea what voluntarily comprehended means, he understood that his Domain had now gained an exterior offensive ability . 1 And as for the method itself, Zhao Hai gained an inspiration from what the Demon Dragon King s group just did . Zhao Hai waved his hand as his Domain slowly changed its shape and became a gigantic Stone Golem . The Stone Golem seem to be made out of transparent rocks . Then the Golem suddenly picked a stone from its own body and threw it towards the opposite Domain . When met with the attack, the merged Domain suddenly divided into five smaller Domains . These five Domains changed their form as well . The Archer s Domain turned into an arrow . The Demon Dragon King s Domain became a black dragon . The Lich s Domain turned into a giant skeleton . The Knight s Domain became a lance . And lastly, the Assassin s Domain turned into a clump of dark gas . Zhao Hai looked carefully at the five Domains . The inside of the Demons Domain cannot be seen, it was covered by their own forms . On the other hand, Zhao Hai s Domain was transparent, people could clearly see what was happening inside . Even when his Domain had changed its form, it was still transparent . This difference was quite bizarre . As for the other party, the Demon Dragon King and the Lich s Domains looked very complicated . The Archer, Knight, and Assassin had simpler forms of their Domains . It seems like the Demon Dragon King and the Lich were the more powerful people in the group, making their Domain avatars more complicated . If this was the case, then it meant that a Domain can also develop over time . The stronger the Domain the more complicated its avatar would be . At this point, Zhao Hai was wondering about how these new forms would attack . Will it be just like normal attacks It seems like the Demons were keen to confirm Zhao Hai s suspicion, the arrow of the Archer s Domain suddenly attacked Zhao Hai by launching similar arrows towards him in a non stop barrage . On the other hand, the Demon Dragon King s black dragon flew in a circle before charging towards Zhao Hai s Domain . In the process of the attack, the black dragon actually spewed a black gas towards Zhao Hai . The Lich s Domain did quite the same, the skeleton rushed towards Zhao Hai s stone golem . The skeletons arms aiming to puncture through the stone golem s body . The Knight s lance thrusted itself while the Assassin s mist disappeared and appeared right beside Zhao Hai s stone golem, intent on weakening it . Just as the mist got in contact with the stone golem, white smoke suddenly came out, it seems like the gas intends to corrode the stone golem down It can now make yo momma jokes





* * *





Chapter 709 – Myriad Transformation Domain

Before, Zhao Hai thought that his Domain’s avatar would only get stuck with his first choice, the Rock Golem . But now, he knew that a Domain can still change . Then Zhao Hai tried to transform his Domain into an archer, which it did . It seems like he can make many transformations to his Domain .

This discovery made Zhao Hai’s heart light up . He can now understand what ‘voluntarily comprehend’ meant . Due to the forms of his Domain being numerous, the Space didn’t bother to tell him what they were .

When Zhao Hai saw the attack of the God-ranked Demons, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but recognize how strong they were . Their attacks were on a whole different level . Although the Archer, Knight, and Assassin’s Domains were weaker than the Demon Dragon King and the Lich, they still couldn’t be underestimated . Each one of these Domains were inseparable from the properties of their owners .

Zhao Hai gave a nod before changing his Domain into a revolving sphere, making the Assassin’s dark fog unable to melt it . However, the other attacks had already arrived . The first to appear was the Archer’s arrows . Although the Arrows looked weak, they were actually extremely fast, aking to a machine gun from Earth . If an average person were to meet this Domain, then there was no doubt that they would be thrown into confusion . However, Zhao Hai didn’t care about it too much, he rotated his Domain much faster, throwing the Archer’s arrows off to the side, not a single one managed to penetrate the spherical Domain .

On the other hand, the Demon Dragon King’s black dragon already spat out its ball of black gas . When this ball hit Zhao Hai’s spinning Domain, it actually managed to burn it . It seems like the rotation alone wasn’t enough to repel this burning attack .

At this moment, the Lich’s skeleton Domain also arrived with the





Knight’s lance . Zhao Hai quickly transformed his Domain as it flashed with blue light before becoming a rotating ball of water . The Demon Dragon King’s black fireball slowly got extinguished by the water ball . After that, Zhao Hai changed the form of his Domain yet again into a huge fly-swatter, swatting the Lich’s skeleton Domain away . Then Zhao Hai’s Domain became a hand as it caught the Knight’s lance Domain intending to flick it towards the direction of the Demon Dragon King’s black dragon . However, the lance had already transformed into a clump of gas, getting away from the grip of Zhao Hai’s Domain .

At this time, the Demon Dragon King’s black dragon Domain arrived by Zhao Hai’s Domain, biting it in the fingers .

It was at this attack that Zhao Hai had truly felt pain for the first time, his chest suddenly experienced a severe sting .

Zhao Hai immediately understood that an attack on the Domain can injure the main body . Although his Domain was a tool to help him out, the one commanding it was still him . Therefore, if the Domain gets attacked, then he would still feel it .

This discovery didn’t make Zhao Hai flinch, instead, his hand quickly moved as the big hand transformed into an iron shovel . Then the iron shovel whacked the black dragons’ head . This made the black dragon retreat while shaking its head . Even the Demon Dragon King looked like he was made dizzy by the attack .

At this moment, the Lich’s Domain was already back as it charged over . This time, it has a huge bone sword in its hand which stabbed towards Zhao Hai’s iron shovel .

Zhao Hai just ate an attack from the black dragon, so how could he let himself suffer a second time? The iron shovel immediately turned into a spinning sphere . The Demon Dragon King was shocked by the transformations of Zhao Hai’s Domain . In the beginning, he thought that Zhao





Zhao Hai didn’t have a Domain . Therefore, he decided to use this opportunity to bully him, even kill him if the chance allowed it .

But who knew that Zhao Hai actually had his own Domain . Moreover, this Domain was very formidable, it can actually push five Domains back on its own .

Most importantly, the forms of Zhao Hai’s Domain were numerous . Just like Zhao Hai guessed, Domains couldn’t be easily transformed . Take the Archer’s Domain for example, the Archer’s strength can only turn his Domain into the form of an arrow . If he got stronger later on, then the Domain might transform into something that went along with the Archer’s experiences . However, it was still impossible for their Domains to have many transformations like Zhao Hai’s . This was completely impossible to do, one should know that a Domain can only have two forms, the field form and the avatar form . Zhao Hai’s Domain actually had alot of transformations . Looking at Zhao Hai’s Domain, it wasn’t strange for the Demon Dragon King to be extremely shaken .

Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to think about these, although he looked very relaxed while dealing with these people, he was actually quite stressed . The Archer’s arrows came too quick, although they had been deflected, they were still able to deal some damage . At the same time, the Assassin’s attack was also starting to take its toll . The Knight and the Lich’s attacks were strong as well . Zhao Hai’s chest felt quite stuffed right now, and it was obvious that he had been slightly injured .

But at the same time, the Demon Dragon King’s group weren’t having it better . Although Zhao Hai’s attack wasn’t that strong, they still managed to suffer minor wounds, especially the Lich . He flew quite far due to Zhao Hai’s fly-swatter . His injury was on the heavier side .

While Zhao Hai’s battle had gone very lively, the undead and the Demons





the Demons weren’t idling, with the Demons the ones being pushed back . Although the Demons were quite strong, they weren’t all 9th ranks . Additionally, under Lizzy and Megan’s command, the undead formation constantly changed from a concrete solid block into smaller flexible formations, the damage that they had done was quite significant .

The Demons were currently confused regarding these undead . Zhao Hai was currently fighting with the Demon Dragon King’s group, so he should be preoccupied with fighting with them and should be unable to take command of the undead . However, why were the undead still able to move like this? It was too strange .

Casualties slowly came from the side of the Demons . However, Lizzy and Megan were still dissatisfied . Although these Demons were being suppressed right now, the number of Demon deaths were still lower than what they expected . And once these Demons knew that they were going to die, they would immediately self-explode, taking a clump of undead along with them .

However, the undead couldn’t be disregarded as well . Some low-level Demons didn’t even have the chance to self destruct before they were killed immediately . After these Demons were killed, they were quickly absorbed into the Space, transforming them into a member of the undead army .

The explosions that destroyed the undead were generally those from 8th ranks . Low-ranking explosions had zero effect on the undead .

However, even if the undead casualties weren’t big, Lizzy and Megan were still dissatisfied . It was because this was their first fight where they managed to lose some of their troops .

Women were usually mean-spirited, once they get angry, then the consequences would be critical . The attacks of the undead suddenly turned more violent . All of them started to suppress the Demons even more .

When the Demon Dragon King saw this situation, he immediately turned to the Lich and said, “White Ghost, go deal with the undead . Leave this place to us . ”

The Lich’s


The Lich’s skeleton Domain immediately moved away from the group and headed towards the undead army . When the skeleton turned around, a bone lance appeared in its hand . Then the bone lance was thrown straight towards a undead formation . When the lance clashed with the undead, they didn’t even have the chance to react as all of the undead immediately shattered into pieces .

Although Zhao Hai and the Demons seemed to be playing around in the clashes, but one must know that attacks of a God-ranked expert’s Domain were very strong . And judging by the size of the giant skeleton, one could imagine how large its bone lance was . The lance being able to puncture a dozen undead wouldn’t be an overstatement . At the same time, although the lance looked like it was made out of bone, it was actually made out of pure energy, its offensive ability was very formidable .

When Zhao Hai saw the Lich’s attack, he immediately had Berry and Shue appear right beside the Domain . Although they had yet to comprehend a Domain, they were still God-ranked, they can certainly suppress the Lich .

When Berry appeared, she immediately shouted as the hair on her head wrapped around the arm of the skeleton Domain . At the same time, Shue took out a big axe . One shouldn’t underestimate this axe . Zhao Hai had this axe made from the Processing Machine . Although it cannot be a Divine Artifact, the axe was still quite a formidable weapon .

With his axe pulled out, Shue shouted as he swung his axe even while being ten meters away from the Domain . However, distance didn’t matter because as Shue swung his axe, a projection suddenly appeared that cut down towards the skeleton Domain . The Lich issued a scream, it seemed to have been hurt . Then the Lich’s skeleton Domain stretched its other arm out as a lance appeared once more, aiming to stab towards Shue .

 Chapter 709 Myriad Transformation Domain Before, Zhao Hai thought that his Domain s avatar would only get stuck with his first choice, the Rock Golem . But now, he knew that a Domain can still change . Then Zhao Hai tried to transform his Domain into an archer, which it did . It seems like he can make many transformations to his Domain . This discovery made Zhao Hai s heart light up . He can now understand what voluntarily comprehend meant . Due to the forms of his Domain being numerous, the Space didn t bother to tell him what they were . When Zhao Hai saw the attack of the God ranked Demons, Zhao Hai couldn t help but recognize how strong they were . Their attacks were on a whole different level . Although the Archer, Knight, and Assassin s Domains were weaker than the Demon Dragon King and the Lich, they still couldn t be underestimated . Each one of these Domains were inseparable from the properties of their owners . Zhao Hai gave a nod before changing his Domain into a revolving sphere, making the Assassin s dark fog unable to melt it . However, the other attacks had already arrived . The first to appear was the Archer s arrows . Although the Arrows looked weak, they were actually extremely fast, aking to a machine gun from Earth . If an average person were to meet this Domain, then there was no doubt that they would be thrown into confusion . However, Zhao Hai didn t care about it too much, he rotated his Domain much faster, throwing the Archer s arrows off to the side, not a single one managed to penetrate the spherical Domain . On the other hand, the Demon Dragon King s black dragon already spat out its ball of black gas . When this ball hit Zhao Hai s spinning Domain, it actually managed to burn it . It seems like the rotation alone wasn t enough to repel this burning attack . At this moment, the Lich s skeleton Domain also arrived with the Knight s lance . Zhao Hai quickly transformed his Domain as it flashed with blue light before becoming a rotating ball of water . The Demon Dragon King s black fireball slowly got extinguished by the water ball . After that, Zhao Hai changed the form of his Domain yet again into a huge fly swatter, swatting the Lich s skeleton Domain away . Then Zhao Hai s Domain became a hand as it caught the Knight s lance Domain intending to flick it towards the direction of the Demon Dragon King s black dragon . However, the lance had already transformed into a clump of gas, getting away from the grip of Zhao Hai s Domain . At this time, the Demon Dragon King s black dragon Domain arrived by Zhao Hai s Domain, biting it in the fingers . It was at this attack that Zhao Hai had truly felt pain for the first time, his chest suddenly experienced a severe sting . Zhao Hai immediately understood that an attack on the Domain can injure the main body . Although his Domain was a tool to help him out, the one commanding it was still him . Therefore, if the Domain gets attacked, then he would still feel it . This discovery didn t make Zhao Hai flinch, instead, his hand quickly moved as the big hand transformed into an iron shovel . Then the iron shovel whacked the black dragons head . This made the black dragon retreat while shaking its head . Even the Demon Dragon King looked like he was made dizzy by the attack . At this moment, the Lich s Domain was already back as it charged over . This time, it has a huge bone sword in its hand which stabbed towards Zhao Hai s iron shovel . Zhao Hai just ate an attack from the black dragon, so how could he let himself suffer a second time The iron shovel immediately turned into a spinning sphere . The Demon Dragon King was shocked by the transformations of Zhao Hai s Domain . In the beginning, he thought that Zhao Hai didn t have a Domain . Therefore, he decided to use this opportunity to bully him, even kill him if the chance allowed it . But who knew that Zhao Hai actually had his own Domain . Moreover, this Domain was very formidable, it can actually push five Domains back on its own . Most importantly, the forms of Zhao Hai s Domain were numerous . Just like Zhao Hai guessed, Domains couldn t be easily transformed . Take the Archer s Domain for example, the Archer s strength can only turn his Domain into the form of an arrow . If he got stronger later on, then the Domain might transform into something that went along with the Archer s experiences . However, it was still impossible for their Domains to have many transformations like Zhao Hai s . This was completely impossible to do, one should know that a Domain can only have two forms, the field form and the avatar form . Zhao Hai s Domain actually had alot of transformations . Looking at Zhao Hai s Domain, it wasn t strange for the Demon Dragon King to be extremely shaken . Zhao Hai didn t have the mood to think about these, although he looked very relaxed while dealing with these people, he was actually quite stressed . The Archer s arrows came too quick, although they had been deflected, they were still able to deal some damage . At the same time, the Assassin s attack was also starting to take its toll . The Knight and the Lich s attacks were strong as well . Zhao Hai s chest felt quite stuffed right now, and it was obvious that he had been slightly injured . But at the same time, the Demon Dragon King s group weren t having it better . Although Zhao Hai s attack wasn t that strong, they still managed to suffer minor wounds, especially the Lich . He flew quite far due to Zhao Hai s fly swatter . His injury was on the heavier side . While Zhao Hai s battle had gone very lively, the undead and the Demons weren t idling, with the Demons the ones being pushed back . Although the Demons were quite strong, they weren t all 9th ranks . Additionally, under Lizzy and Megan s command, the undead formation constantly changed from a concrete solid block into smaller flexible formations, the damage that they had done was quite significant . The Demons were currently confused regarding these undead . Zhao Hai was currently fighting with the Demon Dragon King s group, so he should be preoccupied with fighting with them and should be unable to take command of the undead . However, why were the undead still able to move like this It was too strange . Casualties slowly came from the side of the Demons . However, Lizzy and Megan were still dissatisfied . Although these Demons were being suppressed right now, the number of Demon deaths were still lower than what they expected . And once these Demons knew that they were going to die, they would immediately self explode, taking a clump of undead along with them . However, the undead couldn t be disregarded as well . Some low level Demons didn t even have the chance to self destruct before they were killed immediately . After these Demons were killed, they were quickly absorbed into the Space, transforming them into a member of the undead army . The explosions that destroyed the undead were generally those from 8th ranks . Low ranking explosions had zero effect on the undead . However, even if the undead casualties weren t big, Lizzy and Megan were still dissatisfied . It was because this was their first fight where they managed to lose some of their troops . Women were usually mean spirited, once they get angry, then the consequences would be critical . The attacks of the undead suddenly turned more violent . All of them started to suppress the Demons even more . When the Demon Dragon King saw this situation, he immediately turned to the Lich and said, White Ghost, go deal with the undead . Leave this place to us . The Lich s skeleton Domain immediately moved away from the group and headed towards the undead army . When the skeleton turned around, a bone lance appeared in its hand . Then the bone lance was thrown straight towards a undead formation . When the lance clashed with the undead, they didn t even have the chance to react as all of the undead immediately shattered into pieces . Although Zhao Hai and the Demons seemed to be playing around in the clashes, but one must know that attacks of a God ranked expert s Domain were very strong . And judging by the size of the giant skeleton, one could imagine how large its bone lance was . The lance being able to puncture a dozen undead wouldn t be an overstatement . At the same time, although the lance looked like it was made out of bone, it was actually made out of pure energy, its offensive ability was very formidable . When Zhao Hai saw the Lich s attack, he immediately had Berry and Shue appear right beside the Domain . Although they had yet to comprehend a Domain, they were still God ranked, they can certainly suppress the Lich . When Berry appeared, she immediately shouted as the hair on her head wrapped around the arm of the skeleton Domain . At the same time, Shue took out a big axe . One shouldn t underestimate this axe . Zhao Hai had this axe made from the Processing Machine . Although it cannot be a Divine Artifact, the axe was still quite a formidable weapon . With his axe pulled out, Shue shouted as he swung his axe even while being ten meters away from the Domain . However, distance didn t matter because as Shue swung his axe, a projection suddenly appeared that cut down towards the skeleton Domain . The Lich issued a scream, it seemed to have been hurt . Then the Lich s skeleton Domain stretched its other arm out as a lance appeared once more, aiming to stab towards Shue .





* * *





Chapter 710 – Captured

Although Shue’s movement was simple, his actions were very quick . In a flash, another Shue appeared right by his side as their figure moved and went towards different directions to flee .

The Lich didn’t expect Shue to have this move . While he was stunned, one Shue disappeared as another one appeared bearing an axe as it chopped once more towards the Lich’s Domain .

Although Shue’s two attacks weren’t able to break the Lich’s Domain, it still managed to damage the Lich . At the same time, Berry’s hair attack wasn’t that simple . Her soul attacks used her hair as a conduit, her attacks had already made a name for itself in the Demon Realm . Although Berry was yet to comprehend a Domain, her soul attacks couldn’t be underestimated, it was God-ranked after all .

A God-rank that had comprehended a Domain was much stronger than one who hadn’t, however, this statement had its limits . As for the Lich, he could easily deal with Berry and Shue if he was in his peak form . But now, in addition to him not being in his peak, he was also injured by Zhao Hai . At this point, it would be impossible for him to easily deal with Berry and Shue .

Moreover, Shue and Berry were different from Zhao Hai . In the past, Zhao Hai exclusively fought using his own undead, making his close combat abilities quite poor . On the other hand, before becoming a God-rank expert, Shue was a mercenary assassin . Nobody knew how much fighting Shue had in his life but one could be assured that his fighting experience was rich . While being a mercenary, he was even known to kill people who were a rank higher than him . Now, although he hasn’t comprehended a Domain yet, him and the Lich were of the same level . With his experience, Shue should be able to clash with the Lich quite comfortably .

There was nothing else to say about Berry, she was born in the Demon Realm . No matter which race, all of the Demons in the Demon realm grew up fighting . This made Berry’s fighting experiences quite ample .





Her only downside was her lack of a Domain since she just managed to become God-ranked .

From the very beginning, the Lich had truly underestimated the attack from Berry and Shue . In his opinion, these two who didn’t have a Domain wouldn’t be able to launch strong attacks . However, the Lich managed to make a mistake . He forgot that they had also underestimated Zhao Hai, assuming that he wasn’t able to establish his Domain, injuring the Lich in the process .

Berry’s hair continued to entangle the Lich’s skeleton Domain, attacking him with a constant barrage of soul attacks . Although these attacks weren’t able to injure the Lich, it was still enough to cause a headache .

The Lich were generally immune to physical attacks, especially after they reach God-rank . However, the Lich’s most feared attack were the ones who target their soul . These kinds of attacks do heavy damage to the Lich Race . Although the Lich had his Domain to protect him, the other party’s attacks still managed to influence his mind . The skeleton Domain was now more unstable compared to when it battled with Zhao Hai .

When the Demon Dragon King saw this situation, he immediately gave a command, “Shiying, go help White Ghost . Deal with those two as soon as possible . ” The Assassin gave a nod before he threw himself towards the Lich .

Zhao Hai looked at the departing Shiying as his complexion turned ugly . He looked towards the Demon Dragon King as he muttered, “You had truly forced me . ” Then he waved his hand as a spatial rift appeared in front of the Assassin . A vine suddenly came out of that rift and entangled the Assassin’s Domain . Then the vine retreated, pulling the Assassin’s Domain towards the Space .

The Assassin became surprised . It was impossible for him to know about the Space, so naturally he wouldn’t dare to go in . He tried to break free from the vine but found out that he couldn’t . This made him even more surprised, his Domain couldn’t actually free itself from this vine . The Assassin gnashed his teeth as he forcefully retrieved his Domain





Domain . When he saw that the vines didn’t do anything, he quickly drew back

However, just as the Assassin was retreating, a enormous whale suddenly appeared in front of him, swallowing him up . The Assassin noticed that the whale was actually transparent, and its interior had grasses, flowers, plants, and even a hut . More importantly, Zhao Hai was present as well!

The Assassin was startled, then he discovered that he had been absorbed into Zhao Hai’s Domain . The Assassin immediately established his Domain, but discovered that he couldn’t . He couldn’t even command his body properly . It seems like he had become helpless inside this Space .

While Zhao Hai captured the Assassin, he was also enduring full-on attacks from the Demon Dragon King, the Knight, and the Archer . Zhao Hai coughed up some blood, this time he was truly injured .

Zhao Hai became anxious when he saw the Demon Dragon King command the Assassin to help the Lich . He knew that Berry and Shue already had their hands full in suppressing the Lich, the addition of the Assassin wouldn’t be great for their situation . Because of this, Zhao Hai didn’t have any other choice but to have Cai’er make a move .

Cai’er was a card that Zhao Hai kept in secret, he didn’t want to use her quite easily . Cai’er’s strength surpassed ordinary God-ranks . This was the reason why the Assassin wasn’t able to move when being entangled by her vine .

Zhao Hai had also thought that the Assassin would let go of his Domain and escape . Therefore, he waited for the Assassin to do so . As soon as the Assassin managed to escape, Zhao Hai didn’t pay any attention to the oncoming attacks and just took the Assassin into his Domain .

Outward attacks of Zhao Hai’s Domain weren’t very formidable, however, its internal attacks were incomparably strong . As long as a God-ranked enters his Domain, then Zhao Hai can do whatever he wants to him . There were different laws inside Zhao Hai’s Domain, and the strength of these laws were very strong, God-ranked experts are simply helpless against it .

The reason Zhao Hai deemed it necessary to capture the Assassin was because





was because he wanted to hide Cai’er’s strength . Since he wanted to keep her as a secret, then it was natural that he wouldn’t have to Assassin escape and tell the Demon Dragon King about how strong Cai’er was .

Fortunately, when Cai’er took action, she didn’t show her characteristics of being a Seven colored flower . The vine that came out looked just like any ordinary vine . It would be troublesome if the Demon Dragon King were to recognize her .

Since Zhao Hai neglected the attacks, then it was no wonder that he was injured . After all, his Domain wasn’t the true Space where even if he can’t control it, Cai’er was still there to take charge . Zhao Hai didn’t dare to drag things further as him and his Domain suddenly vanished . Berry and Shue, who were suppressing the Lich, disappeared as well . The undead who were fighting the Demons were also withdrawn .

Besides the Demon Dragon King’s group and the Demons, there weren’t anybody else in the battlefield . The magic that the Demon Dragon King was currently preparing was left with no target to cast on .

The Demon Dragon King’s heart immediately constricted as he gave a shout, “Be careful!” . Then he turned his head towards the direction of Demon City . He knew that Zhao Hai was injured, and if Zhao Hai were to return to the city, then a commotion would surely rise up .

When he turned his head, he saw Zhao Hai appearing in a place about a kilometer away from them . He currently stood on top of his Bone Dragon with his undead army behind him . Berry and Shue were also with him on the Bone Dragon .

Zhao Hai’s complexion was calm, one wouldn’t be able to find out that he was injured . The Demon Dragon King became even more alert . He withdrew his Domain as his stared at Zhao Hai . The Lich and the others have also arrived by the Demon Dragon King’s side .

Zhao Hai looked at the four God-ranked Demons and smiled faintly . Then he gave a small bow to the Demon Dragon King and said, “I managed to get good lessons

get good lessons from the Demon Dragon King . To be honest, I’ve lost quite a bit this time . If there’s an opportunity, then I will definitely ask for more advice from the Demon Dragon King’s group . However, today, I must say my farewells . ” Then Zhao Hai made his Bone Dragon turn and head towards Demon City . The undead army following behind him .

The nearby Archer looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “Why haven’t we made pursuit? Are you afraid?”

The Demon Dragon King turned to look at the Archer and said, “Herd, do you have the confidence to stop him? Do you think our group of four is enough to hold him down? Don’t forget, although those two people on his side weren’t able to establish a Domain, their fighting strengths were still very good, even enough to tie one of us down . And did you see those vines that managed to capture Shiying? If those vines weren’t anything special, then Shiying wouldn’t have given up on his own Domain . That thing can hold another one of us back . Do you think that two people is enough to suppress Zhao Hai?”

Herd didn’t speak, he knew that the Demon Dragon King was telling the truth . Zhao Hai had already shown his exceptional strength . He managed to block four people and suppress three, it was almost impossible for their side to kill Zhao Hai . And Zhao Hai just captured Shiying, the Demon side had truly suffered a blow . Although Zhao Hai has been injured, do they still have the confidence to tie him down? It was completely impossible to do so .

At this moment, the Knight’s voice was heard, “What do we do now?” The Demon Dragon King replied, “Iron Claw, you go return to the Demon Realm and report all that happened to the Great Demon King . Ask for a few more people to be sent here . Shiying’s strength isn’t that much different from all of us, yet he was still captured . Things just became dangerous for our side . We need more people to keep the security of the city so that we can establish a foothold on the Ark Continent . ”

 Chapter 710 Captured Although Shue s movement was simple, his actions were very quick . In a flash, another Shue appeared right by his side as their figure moved and went towards different directions to flee . The Lich didn t expect Shue to have this move . While he was stunned, one Shue disappeared as another one appeared bearing an axe as it chopped once more towards the Lich s Domain . Although Shue s two attacks weren t able to break the Lich s Domain, it still managed to damage the Lich . At the same time, Berry s hair attack wasn t that simple . Her soul attacks used her hair as a conduit, her attacks had already made a name for itself in the Demon Realm . Although Berry was yet to comprehend a Domain, her soul attacks couldn t be underestimated, it was God ranked after all . A God rank that had comprehended a Domain was much stronger than one who hadn t, however, this statement had its limits . As for the Lich, he could easily deal with Berry and Shue if he was in his peak form . But now, in addition to him not being in his peak, he was also injured by Zhao Hai . At this point, it would be impossible for him to easily deal with Berry and Shue . Moreover, Shue and Berry were different from Zhao Hai . In the past, Zhao Hai exclusively fought using his own undead, making his close combat abilities quite poor . On the other hand, before becoming a God rank expert, Shue was a mercenary assassin . Nobody knew how much fighting Shue had in his life but one could be assured that his fighting experience was rich . While being a mercenary, he was even known to kill people who were a rank higher than him . Now, although he hasn t comprehended a Domain yet, him and the Lich were of the same level . With his experience, Shue should be able to clash with the Lich quite comfortably . There was nothing else to say about Berry, she was born in the Demon Realm . No matter which race, all of the Demons in the Demon realm grew up fighting . This made Berry s fighting experiences quite ample . Her only downside was her lack of a Domain since she just managed to become God ranked . From the very beginning, the Lich had truly underestimated the attack from Berry and Shue . In his opinion, these two who didn t have a Domain wouldn t be able to launch strong attacks . However, the Lich managed to make a mistake . He forgot that they had also underestimated Zhao Hai, assuming that he wasn t able to establish his Domain, injuring the Lich in the process . Berry s hair continued to entangle the Lich s skeleton Domain, attacking him with a constant barrage of soul attacks . Although these attacks weren t able to injure the Lich, it was still enough to cause a headache . The Lich were generally immune to physical attacks, especially after they reach God rank . However, the Lich s most feared attack were the ones who target their soul . These kinds of attacks do heavy damage to the Lich Race . Although the Lich had his Domain to protect him, the other party s attacks still managed to influence his mind . The skeleton Domain was now more unstable compared to when it battled with Zhao Hai . When the Demon Dragon King saw this situation, he immediately gave a command, Shiying, go help White Ghost . Deal with those two as soon as possible . The Assassin gave a nod before he threw himself towards the Lich . Zhao Hai looked at the departing Shiying as his complexion turned ugly . He looked towards the Demon Dragon King as he muttered, You had truly forced me . Then he waved his hand as a spatial rift appeared in front of the Assassin . A vine suddenly came out of that rift and entangled the Assassin s Domain . Then the vine retreated, pulling the Assassin s Domain towards the Space . The Assassin became surprised . It was impossible for him to know about the Space, so naturally he wouldn t dare to go in . He tried to break free from the vine but found out that he couldn t . This made him even more surprised, his Domain couldn t actually free itself from this vine . The Assassin gnashed his teeth as he forcefully retrieved his Domain . When he saw that the vines didn t do anything, he quickly drew back However, just as the Assassin was retreating, a enormous whale suddenly appeared in front of him, swallowing him up . The Assassin noticed that the whale was actually transparent, and its interior had grasses, flowers, plants, and even a hut . More importantly, Zhao Hai was present as well The Assassin was startled, then he discovered that he had been absorbed into Zhao Hai s Domain . The Assassin immediately established his Domain, but discovered that he couldn t . He couldn t even command his body properly . It seems like he had become helpless inside this Space . While Zhao Hai captured the Assassin, he was also enduring full on attacks from the Demon Dragon King, the Knight, and the Archer . Zhao Hai coughed up some blood, this time he was truly injured . Zhao Hai became anxious when he saw the Demon Dragon King command the Assassin to help the Lich . He knew that Berry and Shue already had their hands full in suppressing the Lich, the addition of the Assassin wouldn t be great for their situation . Because of this, Zhao Hai didn t have any other choice but to have Cai er make a move . Cai er was a card that Zhao Hai kept in secret, he didn t want to use her quite easily . Cai er s strength surpassed ordinary God ranks . This was the reason why the Assassin wasn t able to move when being entangled by her vine . Zhao Hai had also thought that the Assassin would let go of his Domain and escape . Therefore, he waited for the Assassin to do so . As soon as the Assassin managed to escape, Zhao Hai didn t pay any attention to the oncoming attacks and just took the Assassin into his Domain . Outward attacks of Zhao Hai s Domain weren t very formidable, however, its internal attacks were incomparably strong . As long as a God ranked enters his Domain, then Zhao Hai can do whatever he wants to him . There were different laws inside Zhao Hai s Domain, and the strength of these laws were very strong, God ranked experts are simply helpless against it . The reason Zhao Hai deemed it necessary to capture the Assassin was because he wanted to hide Cai er s strength . Since he wanted to keep her as a secret, then it was natural that he wouldn t have to Assassin escape and tell the Demon Dragon King about how strong Cai er was . Fortunately, when Cai er took action, she didn t show her characteristics of being a Seven colored flower . The vine that came out looked just like any ordinary vine . It would be troublesome if the Demon Dragon King were to recognize her . Since Zhao Hai neglected the attacks, then it was no wonder that he was injured . After all, his Domain wasn t the true Space where even if he can t control it, Cai er was still there to take charge . Zhao Hai didn t dare to drag things further as him and his Domain suddenly vanished . Berry and Shue, who were suppressing the Lich, disappeared as well . The undead who were fighting the Demons were also withdrawn . Besides the Demon Dragon King s group and the Demons, there weren t anybody else in the battlefield . The magic that the Demon Dragon King was currently preparing was left with no target to cast on . The Demon Dragon King s heart immediately constricted as he gave a shout, Be careful . Then he turned his head towards the direction of Demon City . He knew that Zhao Hai was injured, and if Zhao Hai were to return to the city, then a commotion would surely rise up . When he turned his head, he saw Zhao Hai appearing in a place about a kilometer away from them . He currently stood on top of his Bone Dragon with his undead army behind him . Berry and Shue were also with him on the Bone Dragon . Zhao Hai s complexion was calm, one wouldn t be able to find out that he was injured . The Demon Dragon King became even more alert . He withdrew his Domain as his stared at Zhao Hai . The Lich and the others have also arrived by the Demon Dragon King s side . Zhao Hai looked at the four God ranked Demons and smiled faintly . Then he gave a small bow to the Demon Dragon King and said, I managed to get good lessons from the Demon Dragon King . To be honest, I ve lost quite a bit this time . If there s an opportunity, then I will definitely ask for more advice from the Demon Dragon King s group . However, today, I must say my farewells . Then Zhao Hai made his Bone Dragon turn and head towards Demon City . The undead army following behind him . The nearby Archer looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, Why haven t we made pursuit Are you afraid The Demon Dragon King turned to look at the Archer and said, Herd, do you have the confidence to stop him Do you think our group of four is enough to hold him down Don t forget, although those two people on his side weren t able to establish a Domain, their fighting strengths were still very good, even enough to tie one of us down . And did you see those vines that managed to capture Shiying If those vines weren t anything special, then Shiying wouldn t have given up on his own Domain . That thing can hold another one of us back . Do you think that two people is enough to suppress Zhao Hai Herd didn t speak, he knew that the Demon Dragon King was telling the truth . Zhao Hai had already shown his exceptional strength . He managed to block four people and suppress three, it was almost impossible for their side to kill Zhao Hai . And Zhao Hai just captured Shiying, the Demon side had truly suffered a blow . Although Zhao Hai has been injured, do they still have the confidence to tie him down It was completely impossible to do so . At this moment, the Knight s voice was heard, What do we do now The Demon Dragon King replied, Iron Claw, you go return to the Demon Realm and report all that happened to the Great Demon King . Ask for a few more people to be sent here . Shiying s strength isn t that much different from all of us, yet he was still captured . Things just became dangerous for our side . We need more people to keep the security of the city so that we can establish a foothold on the Ark Continent .





* * *





Chapter 711 – Strengthened

Iron Claw gave a nod before he went towards the spatial rift . The Lich and the Archer didn’t speak, they were aware that the Demon Dragon King was telling the truth . Even if Zhao Hai was injured, he still had a lot of cards in hand . They weren’t even sure if Zhao Hai had a method to recover quickly . If Zhao Hai did, then with his strength as well as his strange helper, the Demons’ troubles would surely be big .

Also, for them and the Demon Dragon King, protecting the the city was a much more important task . Therefore, before their city gets finished, they still wouldn’t go and attack Zhao Hai .

In fact, the Demon Realm intended to attack Zhao Hai in turns . God-ranks were unable to stay in the Ark Continent for too long . And since the Demon Realm’s experts were numerous, they were planning to have them go to the Ark Continent in turns . They believed that with such a plan, the Ark Continent wouldn’t be able to hold on .

The Demon Dragon King’s group were one of the most famed experts in the Demon Realm, thus the reason why they were the ones to who were sent to the Demonic Abyss first . The Demons believed that with them in the vanguard, then there wouldn’t be any problems that would derail their plan .

However, they had underestimated Zhao Hai as well as his Space . They didn’t think that the Ark Continent would produce three God-ranked experts in such a short time . Most importantly, they didn’t expect that Zhao Hai was able to comprehend a Domain, and a formidable Domain at that .

And because they underestimated Zhao Hai, they lost big . It was then that the Demon Dragon King discovered that their current group weren’t enough to keep the city safe . Therefore, he decided to ask for reinforcements from the Demon Realm . For the Demon Race, asking for reinforcements was something that was extremely rare . However, the Demon Dragon King still did it, this city was just too important for the Demons .

Zhao Hai was healing himself





up inside the Space . This was the first time that Zhao Hai had been injured after all his fights . He couldn’t help but recognize how strong those Demon God-ranks were .

Although Zhao Hai has his crystal body, he was using his Domain in this fight . Because of this, the damage to Zhao Hai was more spiritual than physical . This was the reason why the crystal body was unable to block the Demon attack .

To be honest, this was also due to the fact that Zhao Hai was still unskilled in using his Domain . He can actually use his divergent abilities with his Domain . However, he has not done it yet because it wasn’t an easy task to use divergent abilities with a Domain . However, as long as he succeeds in doing so, he would definitely be more powerful .

Among the many fights that Zhao Hai did, this was the first time that he had suffered such a heavy wound . However, Zhao Hai was not too worried about it . The Space had a lot of methods to cure wounds, among them were the Spatial Water and the God’s Blood .

However, Zhao Hai also managed to discover that another place actually had a good healing effect, it was the Hot Spring . It could actually make him recover, and the effect was no weaker than the Spatial Water and God’s Blood .

Although Zhao Hai’s wound was quite heavy, it was actually just a damage on his soul . Such wound might be troublesome to others, but to Zhao Hai, he really doesn’t need to worry too much about it .

Even if the Space didn’t have the experience of curing damage to the soul, one shouldn’t forget that Zhao Hai’s side had an expert on spiritual force, Berry .

The Succubus race relied purely on spiritual attacks in order to confront the enemy . Their mental attacks were the most powerful among the Demons . Therefore, Berry was quite experienced when it came to treating these kinds of damages . Moreover, Berry had a method of curing such wounds . So when Berry discovered that Zhao Hai suffered an attack on his





his soul, she immediately imparted the method over to Zhao Hai .

But who would’ve thought that when Berry passed the method over, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, “Host obtained soul cultivation manual, Advanced level . Host’s spiritual force has been strengthened . Resistance to spiritual attacks increased . ”

Zhao Hai blankly stared while listening to the prompt . He didn’t think that he would be gaining a soul cultivation method . Moreover, the Space had actually strengthened his spiritual force as well as his resistance to attacks on the soul . This was too astonishing .

All of these happened after Zhao Hai returned to Demon City . Before this, Zhao Hai appeared in front of the people of Demon City . He rode on top of his Bone Dragon as his undead were right behind him .

Zhao Hai did this in order to give confidence to the people of Demon City . He cannot have them think that he was injured since morale was too important to Demon City .

It was great that Zhao Hai’s wound cannot be seen by the naked eye . Because of this, the people of Demon City were completely unaware . The only thing they witnessed was Zhao Hai’s battle with the other God-ranked Demons .

After all, the Domains were very large and they were fighting mid-air . Even if they were far away, the people in Demon City can still see them . They saw Zhao Hai manage to fend off five attackers . And although they didn’t see Shiying being captured, they were still able to witness Zhao Hai retreating safely . Now that he had appeared in the city, it was no wonder that he was greeted with huge cheers .

After appearing in the city, Zhao Hai told the guards to stay put once more before entering his Bone Dragon to recover . He wasn’t even expecting that because of his relationship with Berry, he was able to acquire a soul cultivation method .

Zhao Hai had now recovered to his normal state, which made Laura and the others relaxed . When then they saw Zhao Hai spurt out blood, all of them had been worried to death .





death .

After seeing that Zhao Hai was doing well, Laura then pointed towards the corner of the room, where the entangled Shiying was placed . Shiying was already sober from his bewilderment, he really didn’t expect that a God-ranked expert such as him would actually be captured .

When he was pulled into the Space, he intended to go all out fighting . However, he discovered that he was just a small insect in this terrifying place . The other party can just do whatever they want without him being able to resist .

He had witnessed Zhao Hai being healed, as well as the Space issuing a prompt . However, he was still completely clueless about what just happened . However, he knew one thing, the reason why Zhao Hai was able to fight them was due to this Space .

Zhao Hai stood up and walked towards Shiying, he smiled faintly to the Assassin and said, “I must congratulate you . You will be the first God-ranked undead to join my army . How does it feel? Do you feel honored?” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, allowing Shiying to speak . The Assassin looked coldly at Zhao Hai and said, “The Great Demon King is all-powerful! All of those who offend him will suffer . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile towards Shiying and said, “Not necessarily . I know that the Great Demon King is formidable . Although the Demons have been silent for tens of thousands of years, he still managed to make a plan that shocked not just me, but I believe the Divine Race as well . However, do you really think that he could do anything to me? The Demons have completely underestimated the Ark Continent . I’m afraid that the one who wouldn’t get a good ending would be the Demons . ”

Shiying looked at Zhao Hai, he didn’t know what to say . Zhao Hai smiled at him as he made a signal to Cai’er . Without any hesitation, Cai’er twisted Shiying’s neck, breaking his spine in the process . Shiying’s vitality might be formidable, but it was completely useless in the Space . If Zhao Hai wanted to kill him here, then there

here, then there was no doubt that he would certainly die .

Shiying quickly died from Cai’er’s move . Zhao Hai wasn’t polite as he immediately turned the Assassin into an undead .

But Zhao Hai didn’t expect that as he turned Shiying into an undead, a prompt was suddenly heard, “Mutant Robot Assassin detected . Copying his abilities and integrating it to all Assassin-class robots in the Space . Space’s Assassin robots now has God-rank strength . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then a huge sense of happiness washed over his entire being . He never expected this outcome . Although he only had a small number of assassin undead, there were still more than 500 . For Zhao Hai’s side, this development was too significant .

Most importantly, this discovery informed Zhao Hai about the method to turn his undead into God-ranked . When Zhao Hai became God-ranked before, he didn’t manage to hear anything about the undead . Zhao Hai even thought that the undead had already reached their peak, unable to advance any further . But there was actually a method to strengthen them . This was a very crucial discovery .

Laura and the others heard about the Space’s prompt as well . They weren’t expecting this to happen . Zhao Hai laughed in happiness as he turned to Laura and said, “Today is a very good day . We should celebrate . I think it would be great if we do it in Demon City . ” Naturally, the others didn’t oppose to this idea . Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he brought Berry and Shue to appear in Demon City . At this moment, the people inside the city were talking about the recent fight that just happened . When they saw Zhao Hai come out, all of them cheered in one voice .

Zhao Hai looked at all of them and smiled . Then he stood on his Bone Dragon as he made the undead Shiying appear and told everyone, “I have good news! During the fight with the Demons, we managed to kill a crucial character to the Demon Realm . This is a God-ranked Demon, and now he is a member of my undead army!!”

 Chapter 711 Strengthened Iron Claw gave a nod before he went towards the spatial rift . The Lich and the Archer didn t speak, they were aware that the Demon Dragon King was telling the truth . Even if Zhao Hai was injured, he still had a lot of cards in hand . They weren t even sure if Zhao Hai had a method to recover quickly . If Zhao Hai did, then with his strength as well as his strange helper, the Demons troubles would surely be big . Also, for them and the Demon Dragon King, protecting the the city was a much more important task . Therefore, before their city gets finished, they still wouldn t go and attack Zhao Hai . In fact, the Demon Realm intended to attack Zhao Hai in turns . God ranks were unable to stay in the Ark Continent for too long . And since the Demon Realm s experts were numerous, they were planning to have them go to the Ark Continent in turns . They believed that with such a plan, the Ark Continent wouldn t be able to hold on . The Demon Dragon King s group were one of the most famed experts in the Demon Realm, thus the reason why they were the ones to who were sent to the Demonic Abyss first . The Demons believed that with them in the vanguard, then there wouldn t be any problems that would derail their plan . However, they had underestimated Zhao Hai as well as his Space . They didn t think that the Ark Continent would produce three God ranked experts in such a short time . Most importantly, they didn t expect that Zhao Hai was able to comprehend a Domain, and a formidable Domain at that . And because they underestimated Zhao Hai, they lost big . It was then that the Demon Dragon King discovered that their current group weren t enough to keep the city safe . Therefore, he decided to ask for reinforcements from the Demon Realm . For the Demon Race, asking for reinforcements was something that was extremely rare . However, the Demon Dragon King still did it, this city was just too important for the Demons . Zhao Hai was healing himself up inside the Space . This was the first time that Zhao Hai had been injured after all his fights . He couldn t help but recognize how strong those Demon God ranks were . Although Zhao Hai has his crystal body, he was using his Domain in this fight . Because of this, the damage to Zhao Hai was more spiritual than physical . This was the reason why the crystal body was unable to block the Demon attack . To be honest, this was also due to the fact that Zhao Hai was still unskilled in using his Domain . He can actually use his divergent abilities with his Domain . However, he has not done it yet because it wasn t an easy task to use divergent abilities with a Domain . However, as long as he succeeds in doing so, he would definitely be more powerful . Among the many fights that Zhao Hai did, this was the first time that he had suffered such a heavy wound . However, Zhao Hai was not too worried about it . The Space had a lot of methods to cure wounds, among them were the Spatial Water and the God s Blood . However, Zhao Hai also managed to discover that another place actually had a good healing effect, it was the Hot Spring . It could actually make him recover, and the effect was no weaker than the Spatial Water and God s Blood . Although Zhao Hai s wound was quite heavy, it was actually just a damage on his soul . Such wound might be troublesome to others, but to Zhao Hai, he really doesn t need to worry too much about it . Even if the Space didn t have the experience of curing damage to the soul, one shouldn t forget that Zhao Hai s side had an expert on spiritual force, Berry . The Succubus race relied purely on spiritual attacks in order to confront the enemy . Their mental attacks were the most powerful among the Demons . Therefore, Berry was quite experienced when it came to treating these kinds of damages . Moreover, Berry had a method of curing such wounds . So when Berry discovered that Zhao Hai suffered an attack on his soul, she immediately imparted the method over to Zhao Hai . But who would ve thought that when Berry passed the method over, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, Host obtained soul cultivation manual, Advanced level . Host s spiritual force has been strengthened . Resistance to spiritual attacks increased . Zhao Hai blankly stared while listening to the prompt . He didn t think that he would be gaining a soul cultivation method . Moreover, the Space had actually strengthened his spiritual force as well as his resistance to attacks on the soul . This was too astonishing . All of these happened after Zhao Hai returned to Demon City . Before this, Zhao Hai appeared in front of the people of Demon City . He rode on top of his Bone Dragon as his undead were right behind him . Zhao Hai did this in order to give confidence to the people of Demon City . He cannot have them think that he was injured since morale was too important to Demon City . It was great that Zhao Hai s wound cannot be seen by the naked eye . Because of this, the people of Demon City were completely unaware . The only thing they witnessed was Zhao Hai s battle with the other God ranked Demons . After all, the Domains were very large and they were fighting mid air . Even if they were far away, the people in Demon City can still see them . They saw Zhao Hai manage to fend off five attackers . And although they didn t see Shiying being captured, they were still able to witness Zhao Hai retreating safely . Now that he had appeared in the city, it was no wonder that he was greeted with huge cheers . After appearing in the city, Zhao Hai told the guards to stay put once more before entering his Bone Dragon to recover . He wasn t even expecting that because of his relationship with Berry, he was able to acquire a soul cultivation method . Zhao Hai had now recovered to his normal state, which made Laura and the others relaxed . When then they saw Zhao Hai spurt out blood, all of them had been worried to death . After seeing that Zhao Hai was doing well, Laura then pointed towards the corner of the room, where the entangled Shiying was placed . Shiying was already sober from his bewilderment, he really didn t expect that a God ranked expert such as him would actually be captured . When he was pulled into the Space, he intended to go all out fighting . However, he discovered that he was just a small insect in this terrifying place . The other party can just do whatever they want without him being able to resist . He had witnessed Zhao Hai being healed, as well as the Space issuing a prompt . However, he was still completely clueless about what just happened . However, he knew one thing, the reason why Zhao Hai was able to fight them was due to this Space . Zhao Hai stood up and walked towards Shiying, he smiled faintly to the Assassin and said, I must congratulate you . You will be the first God ranked undead to join my army . How does it feel Do you feel honored Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, allowing Shiying to speak . The Assassin looked coldly at Zhao Hai and said, The Great Demon King is all powerful All of those who offend him will suffer . Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile towards Shiying and said, Not necessarily . I know that the Great Demon King is formidable . Although the Demons have been silent for tens of thousands of years, he still managed to make a plan that shocked not just me, but I believe the Divine Race as well . However, do you really think that he could do anything to me The Demons have completely underestimated the Ark Continent . I m afraid that the one who wouldn t get a good ending would be the Demons . Shiying looked at Zhao Hai, he didn t know what to say . Zhao Hai smiled at him as he made a signal to Cai er . Without any hesitation, Cai er twisted Shiying s neck, breaking his spine in the process . Shiying s vitality might be formidable, but it was completely useless in the Space . If Zhao Hai wanted to kill him here, then there was no doubt that he would certainly die . Shiying quickly died from Cai er s move . Zhao Hai wasn t polite as he immediately turned the Assassin into an undead . But Zhao Hai didn t expect that as he turned Shiying into an undead, a prompt was suddenly heard, Mutant Robot Assassin detected . Copying his abilities and integrating it to all Assassin class robots in the Space . Space s Assassin robots now has God rank strength . Zhao Hai stared, then a huge sense of happiness washed over his entire being . He never expected this outcome . Although he only had a small number of assassin undead, there were still more than 500 . For Zhao Hai s side, this development was too significant . Most importantly, this discovery informed Zhao Hai about the method to turn his undead into God ranked . When Zhao Hai became God ranked before, he didn t manage to hear anything about the undead . Zhao Hai even thought that the undead had already reached their peak, unable to advance any further . But there was actually a method to strengthen them . This was a very crucial discovery . Laura and the others heard about the Space s prompt as well . They weren t expecting this to happen . Zhao Hai laughed in happiness as he turned to Laura and said, Today is a very good day . We should celebrate . I think it would be great if we do it in Demon City . Naturally, the others didn t oppose to this idea . Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he brought Berry and Shue to appear in Demon City . At this moment, the people inside the city were talking about the recent fight that just happened . When they saw Zhao Hai come out, all of them cheered in one voice . Zhao Hai looked at all of them and smiled . Then he stood on his Bone Dragon as he made the undead Shiying appear and told everyone, I have good news During the fight with the Demons, we managed to kill a crucial character to the Demon Realm . This is a God ranked Demon, and now he is a member of my undead army





* * *





Chapter 712 – Unexpected Development, The Divine Race Has Arrived

The people in Demon City couldn’t help but stare at Zhao Hai . This was a God-ranked expert, a thing that only existed in legend . But now, it actually appeared in front of them, moreover, it has been killed and turned into undead!

But even with how unfathomable this was, all of them still believed in Zhao Hai . In their minds, Zhao Hai’s exploits have always been out of the ordinary . Therefore, upon hearing Zhao Hai’s announcement, a short dullness was experienced before the entire city blew up in cheers . The celebration was too loud that even the Demon Dragon King was able to hear it .

Upon hearing the cheers, the Demon Dragon King’s complexion couldn’t help but turn cloudier . He had a faint understanding about what this cheer represented . It seems like Shiying had suffered an unfortunate end .

The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but sigh, he was truly speechless now . Their attack on the Ark Continent didn’t turn out as simple as they had thought, in fact, it was actually very difficult .

At this time, the sky in the distance suddenly had a huge change . Blood red radiance was seen coming from the Radiant Empire’s direction . Along with this red light, an incomparably huge blood red formation suddenly appeared . The formation seemed to cover the entire Radiant Empire, it slowly rose up as it clashed with the sky .

Zhao Hai’s complexion changed as his figure flashed, bringing Berry and Shue back into the Space . Then without saying any words to Laura and the others, he disappeared once more and reappeared in the border between the Buddha Empire and the Radiant Empire . He looked at the misty Radiant Empire in the distance, his expression difficult to describe .

The blood red formation slowly rose as the white mist covering the Radiant Empire slowly vanished . When the mist vanished, Zhao Hai immediately used his Divine Sense to scour the Empire, what he found out made his expression turn extremely sour .

He hasn’t visited the Ocean Waves Dynasty before, therefore he wasn’t aware of the situation inside . Then afterwards, while the Radiant Church usurped the





Empire, he was in another place, unable to divert his attention to there . When he managed to make time, the mist had already covered the entire Empire, even his God-rank Divine Sense was unable to find anything out . In the end, Zhao Hai can only wait and see what would eventually happen .

The Ocean Waves Dynasty was one of the five powerful nations in the Continent . Although their strength wasn’t very good, their navies were still invincible . And in fact, the Dynasty was even the richest nation in the entire continent, this was because of their great marine trade .

As a country gets richer, their citizen’s moral requirements also increase . This made it rare for men in this country to have several wives . Because of this, the Dynasty population couldn’t be compared to the other great nations .

The reason as to why the Dynasty was placed on the same level as the other Empires was because they took their navy very seriously, pumping huge amounts of money in order to gain naval superiority . This allowed them to hold their heads up in front of the other nations, even if their army wasn’t that great . It was their naval strength, not their population, that made them great .

When Zhao Hai’s Divine Sense swept through the first city of the Empire, he immediately found what was wrong . The whole city was extremely empty . Aside from the people of the Church, the entire city’s population have all died .

Everyone, it didn’t matter if they were women, children, elderly, or able bodied men . All of them seemed to be trapped in the city, like magic beasts ripe for slaughter . No living witnesses managed to survive .

The cause of death was also very unusual, all of them turned into a shriveled corpse . Their blood and flesh seemed to have been sucked out, only their skin and bones were left behind .

Under the bodies of these people were traces of a magic formation . It was quite obvious that the Radiant Church had grouped these people up in this place and then killed them, carrying a ceremony similar to sacrificial offering . However, this formation was actually used





used to make a connection towards the Divine Realm .

Zhao Hai’s face turned pale, his eyes spewing out flames of hatred . He didn’t expect the Divine Race to be as crazy as the Demons . The Demons used magic beasts in order to activate their Blood Void, however, the Radiant Church actually used living people, the entire population of the Ocean Waves Dynasty as the conduit for their formation!

Shue and the others had also seen this situation, they didn’t think that the Radiant Church and the Divine Race would be this merciless . Zhao Hai’s expression turned uglier and uglier as time passed by . His chest constantly heaving up and down, and when he couldn’t bear it anymore, he suddenly coughed up blood .

Shue looked with great surprise as he supported Zhao Hai, “Young Master, what happened? Young Master, what’s wrong?!”

Zhao Hai looked forward as he loudly shouted, “Divine Race! I, Zhao Hai, will surely slaughter all of you!!” Then he flashed into the Space . When he arrived inside, Laura and the others immediately rushed over . At this time the Space suddenly issued a prompt, “Host is undergoing major mental destabilization . Adjusting Host’s mental state . The potential of the Host’s body has been stimulated . Host’s strength has been improved, soul has been improved . ”

However, nobody had the time to care about this . Laura and the others surrounded Zhao Hai, not knowing about what just happened to him .

Zhao Hai looked at the others and then smiled bitterly as he said, “Tell the Patriarchs and Emperors about what just happened . Make the people in Demon City retreat, we’ll proceed to the second step of the plan . Make the eastern and southern parts of the Buddha Empire enter in first level alert . Shue, take me to the Blood Point . Bubble, absorb me and the Blood Pond into your body . ”

After Zhao Hai’s command, the people in the Space immediately made their move . Shue quickly took Zhao Hai to the side of the Blood Pond . Then Bubble changed his shape as he absorbed Zhao Hai and the Blood Pond . At this moment, Shiying appeared, carrying a black bead in his hand . He





He gave the bead to Shue as he said, “These will be useful to the Young Master . ” Shue stared, he didn’t think that Shiying would speak at a time like this, he didn’t know what to say .

But Zhao Hai actually gave a nod to Shue, so he didn’t hesitate and threw the beads towards Bubble’s body . Then when the bead hit Bubble, he immediately rotated at fast speeds . Laura and the others can almost feel that the energy of the entire Space has been concentrated towards the Bubble’s body .

After watching Zhao Hai, Laura immediately said, “What are we doing here, we need to act on Brother Hai’s orders . Let the Patriarchs and the Emperors know about the current development, have all of them prepare their strengths since the Divine Race had come . ” Although they were still worried about Zhao Hai, they needed to clench their teeth as they turned and went inside the villa . Only Shue and Berry were left to oversee Bubble . Bubble was still spinning, and he was getting faster and faster .

Just as Zhao Hai entered the Space, the huge formation in the Radiant Empire suddenly rotated . And at the same time, another formation descended from the sky . This formation seemed to have been prepared for a long time . However, it was not blood red, instead, it gave off a white light, giving people a very sacred feeling .

It wasn’t only Zhao Hai who managed to notice this formation . The Beastmen could even see faint traces of these two massive formations . They were just too high up and enormous that they seem to rival even the moon in the sky . It was actually difficult to miss it .

The Demon Dragon King stared blankly at the two formations . He didn’t know why, but he seemed to dislike these formations, their aura elicited disgust deep inside him .

Then without much thinking, the Demon Dragon King turned to the Archer and said, “Herd, you go and return to the Demon Realm, report this to the Great Demon King . It’s possible that the Divine Race had already made their move . Moreover, it seems like it wouldn’t bade well for

bade well for us . Make them prepare for the future . We’ll continue to monitor the developments here . If there are instructions, then return here immediately . ”

Herd didn’t dare to neglect this order, he gave a nod as he quickly dashed towards the rift . At this time, the Lich arrived by the Demon Dragon King and said, “Demon Dragon, do you really think that the Divine Race is behind this?”

Demon Dragon nodded, “Correct, you might not know, but His Highness has been sending out many scouts towards the Ark Continent . These scouts were able to discover the Radiant Church as well as their connection to the Divine Race . The reason why the Great Demon King decided to move this time is because he knew that the Divine Race wouldn’t be able to arrive soon . He wanted to take control of the continent before the Divine Race even arrives . This is why he sent the five of us here, he knew that we would be fighting with the Divine Race in the future, so it would be useless to rely on 9th ranks . The Divine Race is very strong . We never expected them to come this soon . ”

The Lich looked at the two magic formations and said, “These two formations, have you seen them before?”

The Demon Dragon King shook his head and replied, “I haven’t but it looks like it has the same function as the Blood Void . It seems to have unusual origins as well . ”

The Lich nodded, unlike the Humans, who weren’t aware of the Divine Race for a long time, the Demons already knew that the Divine Race existed . Moreover, they were also aware about their methods, this was the reason why the Demon Dragon King was quite worried .

The two formations in the sky slowly approached each other, their rotations going faster and faster . Both of them looked like two enormous stone mills, intent on grinding the skies, moving in opposite directions to each other .

As the two formations got closer, their rotations got faster and faster . Then when they met, a huge explosion was suddenly heard, Heaven and Earth seemed to be have all of its colors removed .

 Chapter 712 Unexpected Development, The Divine Race Has Arrived The people in Demon City couldn t help but stare at Zhao Hai . This was a God ranked expert, a thing that only existed in legend . But now, it actually appeared in front of them, moreover, it has been killed and turned into undead But even with how unfathomable this was, all of them still believed in Zhao Hai . In their minds, Zhao Hai s exploits have always been out of the ordinary . Therefore, upon hearing Zhao Hai s announcement, a short dullness was experienced before the entire city blew up in cheers . The celebration was too loud that even the Demon Dragon King was able to hear it . Upon hearing the cheers, the Demon Dragon King s complexion couldn t help but turn cloudier . He had a faint understanding about what this cheer represented . It seems like Shiying had suffered an unfortunate end . The Demon Dragon King couldn t help but sigh, he was truly speechless now . Their attack on the Ark Continent didn t turn out as simple as they had thought, in fact, it was actually very difficult . At this time, the sky in the distance suddenly had a huge change . Blood red radiance was seen coming from the Radiant Empire s direction . Along with this red light, an incomparably huge blood red formation suddenly appeared . The formation seemed to cover the entire Radiant Empire, it slowly rose up as it clashed with the sky . Zhao Hai s complexion changed as his figure flashed, bringing Berry and Shue back into the Space . Then without saying any words to Laura and the others, he disappeared once more and reappeared in the border between the Buddha Empire and the Radiant Empire . He looked at the misty Radiant Empire in the distance, his expression difficult to describe . The blood red formation slowly rose as the white mist covering the Radiant Empire slowly vanished . When the mist vanished, Zhao Hai immediately used his Divine Sense to scour the Empire, what he found out made his expression turn extremely sour . He hasn t visited the Ocean Waves Dynasty before, therefore he wasn t aware of the situation inside . Then afterwards, while the Radiant Church usurped the Empire, he was in another place, unable to divert his attention to there . When he managed to make time, the mist had already covered the entire Empire, even his God rank Divine Sense was unable to find anything out . In the end, Zhao Hai can only wait and see what would eventually happen . The Ocean Waves Dynasty was one of the five powerful nations in the Continent . Although their strength wasn t very good, their navies were still invincible . And in fact, the Dynasty was even the richest nation in the entire continent, this was because of their great marine trade . As a country gets richer, their citizen s moral requirements also increase . This made it rare for men in this country to have several wives . Because of this, the Dynasty population couldn t be compared to the other great nations . The reason as to why the Dynasty was placed on the same level as the other Empires was because they took their navy very seriously, pumping huge amounts of money in order to gain naval superiority . This allowed them to hold their heads up in front of the other nations, even if their army wasn t that great . It was their naval strength, not their population, that made them great . When Zhao Hai s Divine Sense swept through the first city of the Empire, he immediately found what was wrong . The whole city was extremely empty . Aside from the people of the Church, the entire city s population have all died . Everyone, it didn t matter if they were women, children, elderly, or able bodied men . All of them seemed to be trapped in the city, like magic beasts ripe for slaughter . No living witnesses managed to survive . The cause of death was also very unusual, all of them turned into a shriveled corpse . Their blood and flesh seemed to have been sucked out, only their skin and bones were left behind . Under the bodies of these people were traces of a magic formation . It was quite obvious that the Radiant Church had grouped these people up in this place and then killed them, carrying a ceremony similar to sacrificial offering . However, this formation was actually used to make a connection towards the Divine Realm . Zhao Hai s face turned pale, his eyes spewing out flames of hatred . He didn t expect the Divine Race to be as crazy as the Demons . The Demons used magic beasts in order to activate their Blood Void, however, the Radiant Church actually used living people, the entire population of the Ocean Waves Dynasty as the conduit for their formation Shue and the others had also seen this situation, they didn t think that the Radiant Church and the Divine Race would be this merciless . Zhao Hai s expression turned uglier and uglier as time passed by . His chest constantly heaving up and down, and when he couldn t bear it anymore, he suddenly coughed up blood . Shue looked with great surprise as he supported Zhao Hai, Young Master, what happened Young Master, what s wrong Zhao Hai looked forward as he loudly shouted, Divine Race I, Zhao Hai, will surely slaughter all of you Then he flashed into the Space . When he arrived inside, Laura and the others immediately rushed over . At this time the Space suddenly issued a prompt, Host is undergoing major mental destabilization . Adjusting Host s mental state . The potential of the Host s body has been stimulated . Host s strength has been improved, soul has been improved . However, nobody had the time to care about this . Laura and the others surrounded Zhao Hai, not knowing about what just happened to him . Zhao Hai looked at the others and then smiled bitterly as he said, Tell the Patriarchs and Emperors about what just happened . Make the people in Demon City retreat, we ll proceed to the second step of the plan . Make the eastern and southern parts of the Buddha Empire enter in first level alert . Shue, take me to the Blood Point . Bubble, absorb me and the Blood Pond into your body . After Zhao Hai s command, the people in the Space immediately made their move . Shue quickly took Zhao Hai to the side of the Blood Pond . Then Bubble changed his shape as he absorbed Zhao Hai and the Blood Pond . At this moment, Shiying appeared, carrying a black bead in his hand . He gave the bead to Shue as he said, These will be useful to the Young Master . Shue stared, he didn t think that Shiying would speak at a time like this, he didn t know what to say . But Zhao Hai actually gave a nod to Shue, so he didn t hesitate and threw the beads towards Bubble s body . Then when the bead hit Bubble, he immediately rotated at fast speeds . Laura and the others can almost feel that the energy of the entire Space has been concentrated towards the Bubble s body . After watching Zhao Hai, Laura immediately said, What are we doing here, we need to act on Brother Hai s orders . Let the Patriarchs and the Emperors know about the current development, have all of them prepare their strengths since the Divine Race had come . Although they were still worried about Zhao Hai, they needed to clench their teeth as they turned and went inside the villa . Only Shue and Berry were left to oversee Bubble . Bubble was still spinning, and he was getting faster and faster . Just as Zhao Hai entered the Space, the huge formation in the Radiant Empire suddenly rotated . And at the same time, another formation descended from the sky . This formation seemed to have been prepared for a long time . However, it was not blood red, instead, it gave off a white light, giving people a very sacred feeling . It wasn t only Zhao Hai who managed to notice this formation . The Beastmen could even see faint traces of these two massive formations . They were just too high up and enormous that they seem to rival even the moon in the sky . It was actually difficult to miss it . The Demon Dragon King stared blankly at the two formations . He didn t know why, but he seemed to dislike these formations, their aura elicited disgust deep inside him . Then without much thinking, the Demon Dragon King turned to the Archer and said, Herd, you go and return to the Demon Realm, report this to the Great Demon King . It s possible that the Divine Race had already made their move . Moreover, it seems like it wouldn t bade well for us . Make them prepare for the future . We ll continue to monitor the developments here . If there are instructions, then return here immediately . Herd didn t dare to neglect this order, he gave a nod as he quickly dashed towards the rift . At this time, the Lich arrived by the Demon Dragon King and said, Demon Dragon, do you really think that the Divine Race is behind this Demon Dragon nodded, Correct, you might not know, but His Highness has been sending out many scouts towards the Ark Continent . These scouts were able to discover the Radiant Church as well as their connection to the Divine Race . The reason why the Great Demon King decided to move this time is because he knew that the Divine Race wouldn t be able to arrive soon . He wanted to take control of the continent before the Divine Race even arrives . This is why he sent the five of us here, he knew that we would be fighting with the Divine Race in the future, so it would be useless to rely on 9th ranks . The Divine Race is very strong . We never expected them to come this soon . The Lich looked at the two magic formations and said, These two formations, have you seen them before The Demon Dragon King shook his head and replied, I haven t but it looks like it has the same function as the Blood Void . It seems to have unusual origins as well . The Lich nodded, unlike the Humans, who weren t aware of the Divine Race for a long time, the Demons already knew that the Divine Race existed . Moreover, they were also aware about their methods, this was the reason why the Demon Dragon King was quite worried . The two formations in the sky slowly approached each other, their rotations going faster and faster . Both of them looked like two enormous stone mills, intent on grinding the skies, moving in opposite directions to each other . As the two formations got closer, their rotations got faster and faster . Then when they met, a huge explosion was suddenly heard, Heaven and Earth seemed to be have all of its colors removed .





* * *





Chapter 713 – Change of Laws, Beginning of Chaos

Along with this deafening sound, the entire Ark Continent was also covered with a white radiance . This light was as bright as the noon sun . Everyone in the continent felt their eyes sting, all of them called out in alarm as they quickly closed their eyes .

The Demon Dragon King’s group were shocked at this white light . They were God-ranked experts, therefore, this light had no effect on them . What shocked them was what came along with the white light . A spatial crack appeared in the sky and was getting bigger and bigger . Then suddenly, land can be seen going through the rift . It seems like the land was causing the crack to expand . The tearing continued as the rift became as large as half of the entire Radiant Empire . Then the land slowly descended before it fell and caused a huge bang . This cause the entire Ark Continent to tremble .

At this moment, the Demon Dragon King’s expression changed, he turned his head to the Lich and said, “White Ghost, try to feel it . The continent’s suppression has vanished . ”

White Ghost stared, then his expression changed as well, he confirmed, “The suppression had indeed vanished . What is this all about?”

The Demon Dragon King was now quite pale as he replied, “The Divine Race, them and the Radiant Church had worked together to produce these two large magic formations, changing the Ark Continent’s Law of Heaven and Earth . Later on, God-ranked experts entering the continent wouldn’t be met with suppression anymore . White Ghost, you go back and report this to His Majesty . Ask him to organize all of our God-ranked experts and have them enter the continent . Otherwise, our plans would be placed into danger . ”





After hearing the Demon Dragon King, the Lich’s expression changed, he immediately nodded and then turned around as he flew towards the spatial rift . The Demon Dragon King had a cold look on his face as he muttered, “Good, Divine Race, good job . But the ownership of this land has yet to be decided!’

Then the Demon Dragon King flew over his camp as he looked down at all Demons and said, “Fortify the camp . All 9th ranks for a group of ten each . If a God-rank comes attacking, then don’t hesitate to link your souls and self-destruct . There should be no hesitation! Defend the camp to your full capability!”

This was basically a suicide order . However, there wasn’t any changes to the expressions of these Demons . All of them nodded and without any pauses, all 9th ranks grouped themselves up into tens . Each group composed on combat squad . All of them were waiting outside the camp, in full anticipation for a fight .

The Demon Dragon King clearly knew that although God-ranked experts can be wounded by exploding 9th ranks, this only applied to those who had yet to comprehend a Domain . As for those God-ranks who had a Domain, 9th rank explosions were completely useless .

However, the strength of linked souls were different . The explosion of ten linked 9th ranks was almost equivalent to a God-ranked expert . The damage should be quite ample . Even if the other party had comprehended a level 2 Domain, he would still be unable to stop this kind of attack .

Zhao Hai’s prior guess was correct, Domains were truly divided into levels . As for the levels, there were False Gods, people who just became God-rank and haven’t managed to comprehend a Domain yet . Berry and Shue were among these people .





Zhao Hai’s prior guess was correct, Domains were truly divided into levels . As for the levels, there were False Gods, people who just became God-rank and haven’t managed to comprehend a Domain yet . Berry and Shue were among these people .

Then there were people like the Archer, Knight, and Assassin . Although they had comprehended a Domain, they weren’t very flexible in using them, their Domains were limited when it came to form . They belong to 1st Level Gods, this was where God-ranks officially reach Godhood .

After that was the level of the Demon Dragon King and the Lich . Their Domains were flexible, and they had many forms to transform into . Their Domains also had an avatar form that can fight by itself . They were called 2nd level Gods, or Highgods .

On the top of all God-ranked experts were Saint Gods . Only a few people can reach this rank . Their strengths were extremely powerful . With one raise of the hand, they can turn Heaven and Earth upside down . When they stamp their feet, mountains move . They were the strongest God-ranks . Even in the Demon Realm, these people were extremely rare . It was said that everyone who managed to reach this level had gone to a mysterious place . Nobody knew where it was, only those who managed to become Saint Gods were able to know .

It was precisely because of the absence of Saint Gods that the top existences in the Demon Realm had become people like the Demon Dragon King, the Highgods . Even the Great Demon King would need to discuss with them whenever he needed something to be done, he simply cannot force them .

But the reason why these people listened to the Great Demon King was due to three things . First, it was because the Great Demon King was a good leader . Second, because the Great Demon King was also a Highgod . Third, and most importantly, only the Great Demon King had the means to contact the Saint Gods . Because of this, nobody dared to challenge the rule of the Great Demon King .

However, even if one was God-ranked in the Demon Realm, he couldn’t just easily wage war against any Demon Army . Although God-ranks were indeed powerful, they were still completely susceptible to the soul-linked attacks by the Demons . Once Demons concentrated their strengths, the result was very astonishing .





However, even if one was God-ranked in the Demon Realm, he couldn’t just easily wage war against any Demon Army . Although God-ranks were indeed powerful, they were still completely susceptible to the soul-linked attacks by the Demons . Once Demons concentrated their strengths, the result was very astonishing .

Moreover, majority of Demons in the Demon realm grew up fighting . This made all of them fearless towards death . Once they were pushed too far back, then they wouldn’t hesitate to blow themselves up . Because of this, in addition to strength, God-ranks also need influence in order to get respect . This was the reason why the Demon Dragon King was also the northwest king of the Demon Realm .

The Demon Realm had a certain understanding with regards to the Divine Race . Because of this, after the Demon Dragon King discovered the changes in the laws, he immediately issued a command of self-sacrifice to his men . There were plenty of God-ranked experts in the Divine Realm . The only way to push them back was through the threat of Demonic core explosions .

While he issued his commands, the Demon Dragon King was completely unaware that he was heard by Cai’er . Although Zhao Hai was currently healing inside Bubble while Laura and the others were busying themselves by relaying information to the various Patriarchs and Emperors of the Ark Continent, Cai’er was also listening to the developments in the Continent . Moreover, she had become stricter in her gathering of information .

When the Demon Dragon King said that the laws had changed, Cai’er’s expression changed . She knew what this meant for the Ark Continent .

The reason why Zhao Hai was confident in going against the Divine Race and the Demons was because he was relying on the Ark Continent’s law . The law that forbade the existence of God-ranked experts . Because of this law, Zhao Hai and the others would be able to become equals with the God-ranked experts . But now that the laws have changed, both Demons and Divines would be able to send out swathes of God-ranks to the Ark Continent without any repercussions . This would diminish the Ark Continent’s means to defend itself .

Cai’er immediately relayed this information over to Laura and the others . When they heard this, all of them couldn’t help but stop what they were doing . They weren’t expecting the Divine Race to play this big move . Their hand was too great, it was akin to removing a huge advantage of the Ark Continent . At this point, what could the Ark Continent do in order to win?



The reason why Zhao Hai was confident in going against the Divine Race and the Demons was because he was relying on the Ark Continent’s law . The law that forbade the existence of God-ranked experts . Because of this law, Zhao Hai and the others would be able to become equals with the God-ranked experts . But now that the laws have changed, both Demons and Divines would be able to send out swathes of God-ranks to the Ark Continent without any repercussions . This would diminish the Ark Continent’s means to defend itself .

Cai’er immediately relayed this information over to Laura and the others . When they heard this, all of them couldn’t help but stop what they were doing . They weren’t expecting the Divine Race to play this big move . Their hand was too great, it was akin to removing a huge advantage of the Ark Continent . At this point, what could the Ark Continent do in order to win?

While they were in shock, Laura being competent woman, managed to calm herself quickly as she said, “Don’t be upset . Let’s relay this news to the powers of the continent as well . Cai’er, immediately gather all assassin-class undead and see whether some of them are able to use a Domain . Then have them on standby, closely monitoring the movements of both the Demons and the Divine Race . Also, immediately tell the Buddha Emperor to hasten the evacuation, use the Space if possible but make sure that it doesn’t get discovered, stick to using the spatial rights and have them sent to the Lyon Empire . Have the Dwarves, Elves, and Beastmen prepare their 9th rank experts as well as their Divine Artifacts, then move them to the Buddha Empire . Inform the Lyon Empire and the Rosen Empire to prepare their experts as well and have them sent to the Buddha Empire . These were the emergency orders that Brother Hai prepared ahead of time . ”

Among Zhao Hai’s wives, one must say that the earliest one was Meg . However, with Meg’s disposition, she wasn’t fit to become a leader . On the other hand, Laura was Zhao Hai’s second and also had the talent to be a leader . This gave her a high status compared to the other wives . Even Lizzy and Megan chose to listen to her . When Zhao Hai healed himself, Laura immediately became the default leader . Her orders were akin to Zhao Hai’s own .

The women immediately nodded and started to do their jobs . While telling the powers of the continent, they deliberately hid the fact that Zhao Hai was injured . Instead, they told them that Zhao Hai was currently focused on finding ways to suppress the Demons and the Divines . All of these actions were done in order to keep the morale stable .

At this point, everyone in the continent were aware as to how strong Zhao Hai was . Moreover, the fact that Zhao Hai was God-rank was also relayed to the other powers . The fact that he had killed another God-rank was also relayed . This was to increase morale . But now that the Divine Race had descended, another wave of anxiety had appeared on the continent . If the fact that Zhao Hai being injured was revealed, then the continent would surely fall into chaos .

Laura knew that Zhao Hai was the Ark Continent’s sole pillar of hope . Once Zhao Hai falls, the continent would surely fall alongside him . At that time, there would be no army that would have the strength to resist . Nobody would be able to stop the advance of both the Demons and the Divine Race .

 Chapter 713 Change of Laws, Beginning of Chaos Along with this deafening sound, the entire Ark Continent was also covered with a white radiance . This light was as bright as the noon sun . Everyone in the continent felt their eyes sting, all of them called out in alarm as they quickly closed their eyes . The Demon Dragon King s group were shocked at this white light . They were God ranked experts, therefore, this light had no effect on them . What shocked them was what came along with the white light . A spatial crack appeared in the sky and was getting bigger and bigger . Then suddenly, land can be seen going through the rift . It seems like the land was causing the crack to expand . The tearing continued as the rift became as large as half of the entire Radiant Empire . Then the land slowly descended before it fell and caused a huge bang . This cause the entire Ark Continent to tremble . At this moment, the Demon Dragon King s expression changed, he turned his head to the Lich and said, White Ghost, try to feel it . The continent s suppression has vanished . White Ghost stared, then his expression changed as well, he confirmed, The suppression had indeed vanished . What is this all about The Demon Dragon King was now quite pale as he replied, The Divine Race, them and the Radiant Church had worked together to produce these two large magic formations, changing the Ark Continent s Law of Heaven and Earth . Later on, God ranked experts entering the continent wouldn t be met with suppression anymore . White Ghost, you go back and report this to His Majesty . Ask him to organize all of our God ranked experts and have them enter the continent . Otherwise, our plans would be placed into danger . After hearing the Demon Dragon King, the Lich s expression changed, he immediately nodded and then turned around as he flew towards the spatial rift . The Demon Dragon King had a cold look on his face as he muttered, Good, Divine Race, good job . But the ownership of this land has yet to be decided Then the Demon Dragon King flew over his camp as he looked down at all Demons and said, Fortify the camp . All 9th ranks for a group of ten each . If a God rank comes attacking, then don t hesitate to link your souls and self destruct . There should be no hesitation Defend the camp to your full capability This was basically a suicide order . However, there wasn t any changes to the expressions of these Demons . All of them nodded and without any pauses, all 9th ranks grouped themselves up into tens . Each group composed on combat squad . All of them were waiting outside the camp, in full anticipation for a fight . The Demon Dragon King clearly knew that although God ranked experts can be wounded by exploding 9th ranks, this only applied to those who had yet to comprehend a Domain . As for those God ranks who had a Domain, 9th rank explosions were completely useless . However, the strength of linked souls were different . The explosion of ten linked 9th ranks was almost equivalent to a God ranked expert . The damage should be quite ample . Even if the other party had comprehended a level 2 Domain, he would still be unable to stop this kind of attack . Zhao Hai s prior guess was correct, Domains were truly divided into levels . As for the levels, there were False Gods, people who just became God rank and haven t managed to comprehend a Domain yet . Berry and Shue were among these people . Then there were people like the Archer, Knight, and Assassin . Although they had comprehended a Domain, they weren t very flexible in using them, their Domains were limited when it came to form . They belong to 1st Level Gods, this was where God ranks officially reach Godhood . After that was the level of the Demon Dragon King and the Lich . Their Domains were flexible, and they had many forms to transform into . Their Domains also had an avatar form that can fight by itself . They were called 2nd level Gods, or Highgods . On the top of all God ranked experts were Saint Gods . Only a few people can reach this rank . Their strengths were extremely powerful . With one raise of the hand, they can turn Heaven and Earth upside down . When they stamp their feet, mountains move . They were the strongest God ranks . Even in the Demon Realm, these people were extremely rare . It was said that everyone who managed to reach this level had gone to a mysterious place . Nobody knew where it was, only those who managed to become Saint Gods were able to know . It was precisely because of the absence of Saint Gods that the top existences in the Demon Realm had become people like the Demon Dragon King, the Highgods . Even the Great Demon King would need to discuss with them whenever he needed something to be done, he simply cannot force them . But the reason why these people listened to the Great Demon King was due to three things . First, it was because the Great Demon King was a good leader . Second, because the Great Demon King was also a Highgod . Third, and most importantly, only the Great Demon King had the means to contact the Saint Gods . Because of this, nobody dared to challenge the rule of the Great Demon King . However, even if one was God ranked in the Demon Realm, he couldn t just easily wage war against any Demon Army . Although God ranks were indeed powerful, they were still completely susceptible to the soul linked attacks by the Demons . Once Demons concentrated their strengths, the result was very astonishing . Moreover, majority of Demons in the Demon realm grew up fighting . This made all of them fearless towards death . Once they were pushed too far back, then they wouldn t hesitate to blow themselves up . Because of this, in addition to strength, God ranks also need influence in order to get respect . This was the reason why the Demon Dragon King was also the northwest king of the Demon Realm . The Demon Realm had a certain understanding with regards to the Divine Race . Because of this, after the Demon Dragon King discovered the changes in the laws, he immediately issued a command of self sacrifice to his men . There were plenty of God ranked experts in the Divine Realm . The only way to push them back was through the threat of Demonic core explosions . While he issued his commands, the Demon Dragon King was completely unaware that he was heard by Cai er . Although Zhao Hai was currently healing inside Bubble while Laura and the others were busying themselves by relaying information to the various Patriarchs and Emperors of the Ark Continent, Cai er was also listening to the developments in the Continent . Moreover, she had become stricter in her gathering of information . When the Demon Dragon King said that the laws had changed, Cai er s expression changed . She knew what this meant for the Ark Continent . The reason why Zhao Hai was confident in going against the Divine Race and the Demons was because he was relying on the Ark Continent s law . The law that forbade the existence of God ranked experts . Because of this law, Zhao Hai and the others would be able to become equals with the God ranked experts . But now that the laws have changed, both Demons and Divines would be able to send out swathes of God ranks to the Ark Continent without any repercussions . This would diminish the Ark Continent s means to defend itself . Cai er immediately relayed this information over to Laura and the others . When they heard this, all of them couldn t help but stop what they were doing . They weren t expecting the Divine Race to play this big move . Their hand was too great, it was akin to removing a huge advantage of the Ark Continent . At this point, what could the Ark Continent do in order to win While they were in shock, Laura being competent woman, managed to calm herself quickly as she said, Don t be upset . Let s relay this news to the powers of the continent as well . Cai er, immediately gather all assassin class undead and see whether some of them are able to use a Domain . Then have them on standby, closely monitoring the movements of both the Demons and the Divine Race . Also, immediately tell the Buddha Emperor to hasten the evacuation, use the Space if possible but make sure that it doesn t get discovered, stick to using the spatial rights and have them sent to the Lyon Empire . Have the Dwarves, Elves, and Beastmen prepare their 9th rank experts as well as their Divine Artifacts, then move them to the Buddha Empire . Inform the Lyon Empire and the Rosen Empire to prepare their experts as well and have them sent to the Buddha Empire . These were the emergency orders that Brother Hai prepared ahead of time . Among Zhao Hai s wives, one must say that the earliest one was Meg . However, with Meg s disposition, she wasn t fit to become a leader . On the other hand, Laura was Zhao Hai s second and also had the talent to be a leader . This gave her a high status compared to the other wives . Even Lizzy and Megan chose to listen to her . When Zhao Hai healed himself, Laura immediately became the default leader . Her orders were akin to Zhao Hai s own . The women immediately nodded and started to do their jobs . While telling the powers of the continent, they deliberately hid the fact that Zhao Hai was injured . Instead, they told them that Zhao Hai was currently focused on finding ways to suppress the Demons and the Divines . All of these actions were done in order to keep the morale stable . At this point, everyone in the continent were aware as to how strong Zhao Hai was . Moreover, the fact that Zhao Hai was God rank was also relayed to the other powers . The fact that he had killed another God rank was also relayed . This was to increase morale . But now that the Divine Race had descended, another wave of anxiety had appeared on the continent . If the fact that Zhao Hai being injured was revealed, then the continent would surely fall into chaos . Laura knew that Zhao Hai was the Ark Continent s sole pillar of hope . Once Zhao Hai falls, the continent would surely fall alongside him . At that time, there would be no army that would have the strength to resist . Nobody would be able to stop the advance of both the Demons and the Divine Race .





* * *





Chapter 714 – Dao Lotus

Zhao Hai was lying down on the Blood Pond . To be honest, ever since he came to the Ark Continent, this was the first breakthrough that he had experienced by himself, all other breakthroughs were brought to him by the Space . This time’s breakthrough made Zhao Hai sense a qualitative increase to his own strength . However, he didn’t feel like he had reached his peak, his strength can still be promoted .

This was the reason why in addition to lying down on the Blood Pond, Zhao Hai decided to be placed inside Bubble’s body . The Blood Pond was made out of the blood of a Divine, the energy within it was tyrannical . However, Bubble was a master of water, this allowed him to control how strong the blood’s actions was, nourishing Zhao Hai properly in the process .

Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of exhausting the energy in the Blood Pond . The Space had already recorded its energy patterns and could just recreate an endless supply of it in the future .

On the other hand, Zhao Hai wasn’t aware that when he turned Shiying into an undead, his wisdom and intelligence was still kept intact . Shiying was a God-ranked assassin, he had a devious wisdom and formidable intellect, but he was now under Zhao Hai’s side, because of this, Shiying gave Shue his Demonic Core . He wanted Shue to hand the core over to Zhao Hai to absorb .

Zhao Hdi didn’t expect Shiying to do this . He still couldn’t understand why Shiying, who had kept his wisdom, would do this . However, he wasn’t afraid of of any harm . After all, Shiying was unable to have evil intentions towards Zhao Hai since the Space already suppressed him . Because of this, Zhao Hai agreed to absorb the Demonic Core .

What Zhao Hai thought was correct . Shiying was now an undead, and like what the Space said, he was like robot . A robot programmed to have perfect loyalty towards Zhao Hai . It was impossible for the undead to betray the Space’s host .





Since Zhao Hai wanted to increase his strength, then Shying would naturally be willing to help, making him offer his own Demonic Core .

Now that Shiying had been turned into an undead, his energy source has now been shifted to the Space . Because of this, the Demonic Core had become useless .

The energy in the Blood Pond, although formidable, wasn’t that abundant in energy . A Demonic Core was different, it was the source of a Demon’s entire strength, the reason why they were so strong . Because of this, once the Demonic Core’s energy entered Zhao Hai’s body, Zhao Hai immediately felt immeasurable pain in his meridians .

Compared to Shue’s pain, Zhao Hai’s suffering was much more . However, Zhao Hai didn’t move, he endured it as he kept lying down inside the Blood Pond, maintaining a peaceful state of mind .

This was the most painful time during Zhao Hai’s promotion . However, this was something that he needed to experience . His previous promotions were too smooth, this made his soul unable to catch up . This was the reason why he had been injured during his fight with the Demon Dragon King .

The pain that he was experiencing actually helped in increasing his spiritual force . Now that his body and soul has been upgraded, Zhao Hai was now a more well-rounded powerhouse .

Zhao Hai continued lying down in the Blood Pond, not even aware that he has been wrapped up by a lotus flower that has entered the Blood Pond . This was something that Bubble decided to do . Naturally, this wasn’t done in order to harm Zhao Hai . This was because Bubble felt that the lotus flower would have big use to Zhao Hai’s current state . Now that Zhao Hai was focused on maintaining his peace of mind, he simply didn’t have the capacity to talk to Bubble . At the same time, Bubble didn’t dare to disturb Zhao Hai . Because of this, he made his own decision to absorb the lotus flower into the Blood Pond . Then, with his own strength, refine Zhao Hai along with the lotus flower and the Blood Pond .





Zhao Hai continued lying down in the Blood Pond, not even aware that he has been wrapped up by a lotus flower that has entered the Blood Pond . This was something that Bubble decided to do . Naturally, this wasn’t done in order to harm Zhao Hai . This was because Bubble felt that the lotus flower would have big use to Zhao Hai’s current state . Now that Zhao Hai was focused on maintaining his peace of mind, he simply didn’t have the capacity to talk to Bubble . At the same time, Bubble didn’t dare to disturb Zhao Hai . Because of this, he made his own decision to absorb the lotus flower into the Blood Pond . Then, with his own strength, refine Zhao Hai along with the lotus flower and the Blood Pond .

Zhao Hai didn’t know for how long, but he had started to feel that the energy that was rampaging through his body had become calm . And strangely, it seems like the energy was now following a strange and long journey . This route included all of his meridians, even the one in his forehead .

Zhao Hai gawked, he couldn’t help but take a look at what was happening to his body . At his lower navel, a colorful mass has been absorbing energy from the outside . On his chest was a strange lotus pattern with the petals wide open . And on his head was a small projection of Zhao Hai, meditating . This projection had a silver hair that extended into the void, seemingly to no end .

This scene made Zhao Hai blankly stare . Zhao Hai was a fan of novels, and he was clear about what these things were . In China, these spots were called dantian . There was the Lower Dantian(Xià Dāntián), placed below the navel . The Middle Dantian(Zhōng Dāntián), placed at the heart . And lastly the Upper Dantian(Shàng Dāntián), at the forehead between one’s two eyes .

Although Zhao Hai knew about these three points from the start, he didn’t mind them too much since he was practicing Battle Qi and Magic . He also thought that these three points were just something that was made up by the ancient Chinese . But now, it seems like these weren’t useless at all .

Zhao Hai’s strength was centered on his Lower Dantian . Moreover, he had discovered that this was where his body’s physical strength came from .

Zhao Hai then used his Divine Sense towards his Middle Dantian, where the lotus flower was currently attached . Zhao Hai immediately investigated the lotus flower, this lotus was a treasure of the Heavens, it wasn’t even from the Ark Continent . A lotus seed had fallen down from an unknown space and arrived in the continent . Then the seed was buried deep down as it was nourished by the Continent’s energy .

Then after numerous years passed by, in the deep dark sea, the lotus seed suddenly turned into something like a small lake . Then that small lake slowly grew up and after many years, it managed to change its surroundings . The lotus roots continued to extend as it rooted itself on the surrounding rocks . Then when the lotus bloomed, Zhao Hai saw something that was very familiar to him . It was actually the same lotus that he saw from the Soul Sucking Reef!





Then after numerous years passed by, in the deep dark sea, the lotus seed suddenly turned into something like a small lake . Then that small lake slowly grew up and after many years, it managed to change its surroundings . The lotus roots continued to extend as it rooted itself on the surrounding rocks . Then when the lotus bloomed, Zhao Hai saw something that was very familiar to him . It was actually the same lotus that he saw from the Soul Sucking Reef!

The roots of this lotus had a ying-yang cross section . It’s roots along the rocks and soil formed an eight trigrams pattern, a pattern that was very much in line with the Heavenly Dao . This lotus, in turn, had become the world’s most important treasure, the Dao Lotus .

Bubble felt that this lotus would be useful for Zhao Hai, this made him decide to absorb it into his body, accidentally refining it and making it Zhao Hai’s Life Treasure . This lotus flower seemed to agree to this arrangement as it didn’t make any resistance to the refinement . One could say that the capabilities of this lotus was endless . It’s benefit to Zhao Hai couldn’t be easily described . Compared to the Divine Artifacts of the Beastmen, Dwarves, and Elves, this Dao Lotus was completely on another level .

Zhao Hai slowly drew his Divine Sense back . When he connected his Divine Sense with the Dao Lotus, he seemed to feel changes to himself, he had felt how mysterious the Heaven and Earth was . It seemed like he was in a state of understanding but also unknowing . But one thing that Zhao Hai knew was the fact that this Dao Lotus had a lot of functions . It can attack the enemy, it can defend, it can trap them, and it can even heal wounds . It was a treasure with tons of other uses .

The reason why this Dao Lotus was this strong was because of its growth . During its germination period up until it was absorbed into the Space, the lotus didn’t experience any stresses in its entire life . This caused its roots to go in line with the Heavenly Dao, forming an eight trigrams pattern as well as developing the yin-yang symbol . This made it possible for the lotus to make use of all the five elements .

Having this magical treasure made Zhao Hai extremely happy . But he still continued to use his Divine Sense to scan his Upper Dantian . However, Zhao Hai didn’t think that when his Divine Sense entered his upper dantian and scanned the little man, it was immediately sucked into nothingness . Because of this shock, Zhao Hai woke up . At the same time he also understood that this little man was the source of his Divine Sense . However, it seems like the little man’s hair had no traces of spiritual force .

When Zhao Hai opened his eye, he discovered that he was still inside Bubble’s body, lying down inside the Blood Pond . Therefore, Zhao Hai immediately said, “Bubble, take me out” Bubble’s body shook as Zhao Hai exited, the Blood Pool has been restored to its original position as well . Zhao Hai looked at Bubble and said, “Bubble, who told you to place the lotus flower into the Blood Pond?”

Bubble quickly replied, “It was in my own discretion, Young Master . Did Bubble make a mistake? I really don’t have an excuse to tell you, I just felt that the lotus would be fruitful in your current state, so I decided to absorb it and place it into the Blood Pond . Did I harm the Young Master?”



When Zhao Hai opened his eye, he discovered that he was still inside Bubble’s body, lying down inside the Blood Pond . Therefore, Zhao Hai immediately said, “Bubble, take me out” Bubble’s body shook as Zhao Hai exited, the Blood Pool has been restored to its original position as well . Zhao Hai looked at Bubble and said, “Bubble, who told you to place the lotus flower into the Blood Pond?”

Bubble quickly replied, “It was in my own discretion, Young Master . Did Bubble make a mistake? I really don’t have an excuse to tell you, I just felt that the lotus would be fruitful in your current state, so I decided to absorb it and place it into the Blood Pond . Did I harm the Young Master?”

Zhao Hai laughed and then hugged Bubble, “No, no, what you did was right . Hahaha . Well done, Bubble, well done . You just made your Young Master very happy!”

At this time, Berry responded, she arrived hastily right beside Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, how are you? Are you doing fine?” Shue also came over, looking eagerly at Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “I’m alright, not only alright, my strength has been improved as well . Hahahaha . I’ve made you all worried . Right, Berry, how long was I out?”

Berry quickly replied, “Not that long, only more than a day . But Brother Hai, while you were gone, something happened . The Divine Race had managed to establish two large formations . When they arrived at the Ark Continent, they also changed the laws of the Ark Continent . In the future, God-ranks would no longer be suppressed in the continent . ”

Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he smiled and said, “These Divines are really good . This was surely not planned for a day or two . It seems like they had been on to this plan for a long time . It seems like they are the reason why the Ark Continent hasn’t produced a God-ranked expert in such a long time . ”

 Chapter 714 Dao Lotus Zhao Hai was lying down on the Blood Pond . To be honest, ever since he came to the Ark Continent, this was the first breakthrough that he had experienced by himself, all other breakthroughs were brought to him by the Space . This time s breakthrough made Zhao Hai sense a qualitative increase to his own strength . However, he didn t feel like he had reached his peak, his strength can still be promoted . This was the reason why in addition to lying down on the Blood Pond, Zhao Hai decided to be placed inside Bubble s body . The Blood Pond was made out of the blood of a Divine, the energy within it was tyrannical . However, Bubble was a master of water, this allowed him to control how strong the blood s actions was, nourishing Zhao Hai properly in the process . Zhao Hai wasn t afraid of exhausting the energy in the Blood Pond . The Space had already recorded its energy patterns and could just recreate an endless supply of it in the future . On the other hand, Zhao Hai wasn t aware that when he turned Shiying into an undead, his wisdom and intelligence was still kept intact . Shiying was a God ranked assassin, he had a devious wisdom and formidable intellect, but he was now under Zhao Hai s side, because of this, Shiying gave Shue his Demonic Core . He wanted Shue to hand the core over to Zhao Hai to absorb . Zhao Hdi didn t expect Shiying to do this . He still couldn t understand why Shiying, who had kept his wisdom, would do this . However, he wasn t afraid of of any harm . After all, Shiying was unable to have evil intentions towards Zhao Hai since the Space already suppressed him . Because of this, Zhao Hai agreed to absorb the Demonic Core . What Zhao Hai thought was correct . Shiying was now an undead, and like what the Space said, he was like robot . A robot programmed to have perfect loyalty towards Zhao Hai . It was impossible for the undead to betray the Space s host . Since Zhao Hai wanted to increase his strength, then Shying would naturally be willing to help, making him offer his own Demonic Core . Now that Shiying had been turned into an undead, his energy source has now been shifted to the Space . Because of this, the Demonic Core had become useless . The energy in the Blood Pond, although formidable, wasn t that abundant in energy . A Demonic Core was different, it was the source of a Demon s entire strength, the reason why they were so strong . Because of this, once the Demonic Core s energy entered Zhao Hai s body, Zhao Hai immediately felt immeasurable pain in his meridians . Compared to Shue s pain, Zhao Hai s suffering was much more . However, Zhao Hai didn t move, he endured it as he kept lying down inside the Blood Pond, maintaining a peaceful state of mind . This was the most painful time during Zhao Hai s promotion . However, this was something that he needed to experience . His previous promotions were too smooth, this made his soul unable to catch up . This was the reason why he had been injured during his fight with the Demon Dragon King . The pain that he was experiencing actually helped in increasing his spiritual force . Now that his body and soul has been upgraded, Zhao Hai was now a more well rounded powerhouse . Zhao Hai continued lying down in the Blood Pond, not even aware that he has been wrapped up by a lotus flower that has entered the Blood Pond . This was something that Bubble decided to do . Naturally, this wasn t done in order to harm Zhao Hai . This was because Bubble felt that the lotus flower would have big use to Zhao Hai s current state . Now that Zhao Hai was focused on maintaining his peace of mind, he simply didn t have the capacity to talk to Bubble . At the same time, Bubble didn t dare to disturb Zhao Hai . Because of this, he made his own decision to absorb the lotus flower into the Blood Pond . Then, with his own strength, refine Zhao Hai along with the lotus flower and the Blood Pond . Zhao Hai didn t know for how long, but he had started to feel that the energy that was rampaging through his body had become calm . And strangely, it seems like the energy was now following a strange and long journey . This route included all of his meridians, even the one in his forehead . Zhao Hai gawked, he couldn t help but take a look at what was happening to his body . At his lower navel, a colorful mass has been absorbing energy from the outside . On his chest was a strange lotus pattern with the petals wide open . And on his head was a small projection of Zhao Hai, meditating . This projection had a silver hair that extended into the void, seemingly to no end . This scene made Zhao Hai blankly stare . Zhao Hai was a fan of novels, and he was clear about what these things were . In China, these spots were called dantian . There was the Lower Dantian Xi D nti n , placed below the navel . The Middle Dantian Zh ng D nti n , placed at the heart . And lastly the Upper Dantian Sh ng D nti n , at the forehead between one s two eyes . Although Zhao Hai knew about these three points from the start, he didn t mind them too much since he was practicing Battle Qi and Magic . He also thought that these three points were just something that was made up by the ancient Chinese . But now, it seems like these weren t useless at all . Zhao Hai s strength was centered on his Lower Dantian . Moreover, he had discovered that this was where his body s physical strength came from . Zhao Hai then used his Divine Sense towards his Middle Dantian, where the lotus flower was currently attached . Zhao Hai immediately investigated the lotus flower, this lotus was a treasure of the Heavens, it wasn t even from the Ark Continent . A lotus seed had fallen down from an unknown space and arrived in the continent . Then the seed was buried deep down as it was nourished by the Continent s energy . Then after numerous years passed by, in the deep dark sea, the lotus seed suddenly turned into something like a small lake . Then that small lake slowly grew up and after many years, it managed to change its surroundings . The lotus roots continued to extend as it rooted itself on the surrounding rocks . Then when the lotus bloomed, Zhao Hai saw something that was very familiar to him . It was actually the same lotus that he saw from the Soul Sucking Reef The roots of this lotus had a ying yang cross section . It s roots along the rocks and soil formed an eight trigrams pattern, a pattern that was very much in line with the Heavenly Dao . This lotus, in turn, had become the world s most important treasure, the Dao Lotus . Bubble felt that this lotus would be useful for Zhao Hai, this made him decide to absorb it into his body, accidentally refining it and making it Zhao Hai s Life Treasure . This lotus flower seemed to agree to this arrangement as it didn t make any resistance to the refinement . One could say that the capabilities of this lotus was endless . It s benefit to Zhao Hai couldn t be easily described . Compared to the Divine Artifacts of the Beastmen, Dwarves, and Elves, this Dao Lotus was completely on another level . Zhao Hai slowly drew his Divine Sense back . When he connected his Divine Sense with the Dao Lotus, he seemed to feel changes to himself, he had felt how mysterious the Heaven and Earth was . It seemed like he was in a state of understanding but also unknowing . But one thing that Zhao Hai knew was the fact that this Dao Lotus had a lot of functions . It can attack the enemy, it can defend, it can trap them, and it can even heal wounds . It was a treasure with tons of other uses . The reason why this Dao Lotus was this strong was because of its growth . During its germination period up until it was absorbed into the Space, the lotus didn t experience any stresses in its entire life . This caused its roots to go in line with the Heavenly Dao, forming an eight trigrams pattern as well as developing the yin yang symbol . This made it possible for the lotus to make use of all the five elements . Having this magical treasure made Zhao Hai extremely happy . But he still continued to use his Divine Sense to scan his Upper Dantian . However, Zhao Hai didn t think that when his Divine Sense entered his upper dantian and scanned the little man, it was immediately sucked into nothingness . Because of this shock, Zhao Hai woke up . At the same time he also understood that this little man was the source of his Divine Sense . However, it seems like the little man s hair had no traces of spiritual force . When Zhao Hai opened his eye, he discovered that he was still inside Bubble s body, lying down inside the Blood Pond . Therefore, Zhao Hai immediately said, Bubble, take me out Bubble s body shook as Zhao Hai exited, the Blood Pool has been restored to its original position as well . Zhao Hai looked at Bubble and said, Bubble, who told you to place the lotus flower into the Blood Pond Bubble quickly replied, It was in my own discretion, Young Master . Did Bubble make a mistake I really don t have an excuse to tell you, I just felt that the lotus would be fruitful in your current state, so I decided to absorb it and place it into the Blood Pond . Did I harm the Young Master Zhao Hai laughed and then hugged Bubble, No, no, what you did was right . Hahaha . Well done, Bubble, well done . You just made your Young Master very happy At this time, Berry responded, she arrived hastily right beside Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, how are you Are you doing fine Shue also came over, looking eagerly at Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai laughed and said, I m alright, not only alright, my strength has been improved as well . Hahahaha . I ve made you all worried . Right, Berry, how long was I out Berry quickly replied, Not that long, only more than a day . But Brother Hai, while you were gone, something happened . The Divine Race had managed to establish two large formations . When they arrived at the Ark Continent, they also changed the laws of the Ark Continent . In the future, God ranks would no longer be suppressed in the continent . Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he smiled and said, These Divines are really good . This was surely not planned for a day or two . It seems like they had been on to this plan for a long time . It seems like they are the reason why the Ark Continent hasn t produced a God ranked expert in such a long time .





* * *





Chapter 715 – Universe Grand Dao

Zhao Hai already had a faint idea about this aspect . But when he connected with the Dao Lotus and had a feel of the Heavens and the Earth, he was even more convinced about it . And with the report that he had received, he was now quite assured that the reason why there were no God-ranks that had ascended from the continent after all this time was because of an interference done by the Divine Race .

Zhao Hai knew that changing the Laws was very difficult . What is a law? Actually, it was a type of projection of the Dao . And this Dao was separated into Yin and Yang . If the things that are normal to the Ark Continent were Yang, then those suppressed by it were the Yin .

A combination of Yin and Yang becomes a plane . And the reason why this plane existed was because of the Dao . Now that the Divine Race had broken the Laws of the Continent, the entire plane where the continent resides has become unstable . This time, not only did the Divine Race break the laws of the Ark Continent, it also broke the laws of many other planes .

The universe is comprised of multiple planes . And the reason that these planes exist and was able to act independently was also because of the universe . Now that the balance of the Ark Continent has been broken, then it was akin to breaking a part of the universe . As for what influence this action did, Zhao Hai had no way to know . However, he can be assured that the effects wouldn’t be small .

If the universe is composed of countless planes, then each plane would be like a domino that made up the universe . As long as it stood there and wasn’t moved, then there wouldn’t be any influence towards the other pieces . But once one domino fell, then all others next to it would definitely be affected as well . No matter how long or what effects it had, there will be events that would happen as a reaction .





However, Zhao Hai believed that the Universal Grand Dao has a way to repair itself . Just like how the Ark Continent had been punctured by the Demons and the Divine Race, in the end, it still managed to keep the continent’s space intact .

Zhao Hai also believed that there was an avenue for the Universe to adjust . The Universe is all about balance, yin and yang . If the Ark Continent were to be destroyed, then another place somewhere would be affected in order to balance everything out .

However, Zhao Hai had no idea how long this adjustment would occur . And as to the changes that would happen in the Ark Continent, it was difficult to say .

Because of this Grand Dao, it was very difficult to change the laws of a plane . The Divine Race needed to prepare for tens of thousands of years . And if nobody from the Ark Continent were to ascend during that time, then their job would be much easier .

After all, compared to the Ark Continent, the Divine Realm’s strength is leagues higher . They can definitely make a seal to inhibit the ascent of God-ranks from the Ark Continent . Setting wide-scale formations was easier done in the Ark Continent compared to the Divine Realm .

At this moment, Zhao Hai had an idea . He immediately convened all the 9th ranks in the Space . The majority of these 9th ranks were from the Carrion Swamp, there was also Origin Sword Saint who was invited by Zhao Hai . These people were among the oldest 9th ranks in existence . Zhao Hai had seen how strong they were . However, after all these years, they were still unable to reach the next step, this made Zhao Hai quite confused .

But now, he knew that this was a plot done by the Divine Realm . If this was really it, then it may be possible for these people to break into God-rank after going back to the continent .





But now, he knew that this was a plot done by the Divine Realm . If this was really it, then it may be possible for these people to break into God-rank after going back to the continent .

These 9th ranks have trained inside Zhao Hai’s Space for a long time . Although their strengths were increased, they were still yet to upgrade into God-rank . Zhao Hai wanted to try having them go back to the Continent and see whether they can be promoted to God-rank .

When these 9th ranks heard Zhao Hai’s idea, all of them immediately agreed since . After all, aside from the Origin Sword Saint, all of these people were Zhao Hai’s subordinate . At the same time, the Origin Sword Saint had been training for a long time, he knew that he wouldn’t live for long if he wasn’t able to break through to God-rank, therefore, he also agreed to the idea .

To these 9th ranks, their biggest wish was to reach God-rank . Only then can they have greater strength as well as longer lifespans .

Zhao Hai didn’t have them exit directly to the battlefield . Instead, he had them go to the Black Wasteland first . In any case, the laws present there was the same as anywhere else in the continent .

After sending these people off, Zhao Hai immediately returned to the living room . He was inside Bubble’s body for more than a day, so he was clueless about what was currently happening outside . The only thing he knew about was the change in the Ark Continent’s laws . The reason why Zhao Hai was anxious to let the 9th ranks out was because he was eager to have them break through, only then would their strengths be improved .

When Zhao Hai entered the room, he saw Laura and the others being busy . Everyone looked thin and pale . When they saw Zhao Hai come, they immediately stopped what they were doing and came over . Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, “Why do all of you look fatigued? Why are you still busy? What is going on outside?”





When Zhao Hai entered the room, he saw Laura and the others being busy . Everyone looked thin and pale . When they saw Zhao Hai come, they immediately stopped what they were doing and came over . Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, “Why do all of you look fatigued? Why are you still busy? What is going on outside?”

Laura, with dark circles under her eyes, forced a smile and said, “We’re fine . But Brother Hai, how about you? Are you doing well?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, I’m already fine . If the outside situation isn’t that bad, then you should go and take a rest . You’ve been going at it for two days . ”

Laura nodded and said, “Everything is almost done, large thanks to Cai’er . Brother Hai, the defenders in Demon City have already retreated . At this moment, the Demons have gone into full defense . So we decided to move the army, there was no longer any significance in having them defend Demon City anymore . Also, we’ve already had the various armies enter the Buddha Empire . All of the refugees in the Buddha Empire are gone as well, we used spatial rifts to have them moved quickly . Now, the Buddha Empire is already going according to your plan . It has been turned into huge battlefield . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good . At this moment, we have more than 500 God-ranked experts . And I already had Little Wen and Origin Sword Saint’s group exit the Space . Now that the laws of the Ark Continent has been changed, I want to see if there are some of them that are able to break through to God-rank . All of them are locals of the Ark Continent and still haven’t broken through even while inside the Space . I think that their cultivation is still not compatible with the Space . So I might as well have them break through their cultivation outside . ”

Laura nodded, then she quickly replied, “Although they had their strengths improved inside the Space, they were still yet to break through . It’s a good idea to have them go out and try breaking through . At this moment, there aren’t any further movements coming from the Divine Race . I don’t know what they are planning to do . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “Tell me everything that happened . ”

Laura replied, “Brother Hai, take a look . ” Then Laura turned her head to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, let Brother Hai see the recording . ”

Cai’er nodded, then she played the scene of the two huge magic formation as well as the spatial rift caused by the descending piece of land . After that, a video of the conversation between the Demon Dragon King and the Lich was shown .



Laura replied, “Brother Hai, take a look . ” Then Laura turned her head to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, let Brother Hai see the recording . ”

Cai’er nodded, then she played the scene of the two huge magic formation as well as the spatial rift caused by the descending piece of land . After that, a video of the conversation between the Demon Dragon King and the Lich was shown .

Zhao Hai calmly looked at the monitor until everything was finished . Then he had Cai’er show the map of the continent . At this time, there were a dense group of red dots on the Buddha Empire . Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I didn’t think that there would be this much diversity in the continent’s army . ”

Lizzy nodded as she said, “The current army of Demon City has fallen back to Rising Sun City . Rising Sun City, Lower Bank City, South Plain City, Water Wheel City, Broad Flat City have coordinated with themselves and had become one defensive line . Aside from the army in Demon City, there were also 200 thousand soldiers from the Buddha Empire, 50 thousand Beast Knights and 100 thousand infantry from the Lyon Empire, 50 thousand heavy infantry and 150 thousand normal infantry from the Rosen Empire, 200 Mages and 5000 archers from the Elves, and 50 thousand soldiers from the Dwarves . Altogether, there are more than 1 million troops separated amongst those five cities . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, Rising Sun City was yet another fortress not far from Demon City . The walls of this city were quite thick . Moreover, its infrastructure was very well developed . Establishing a defense in this City would be a very good idea . It had good strategic placement . Just like in Demon City, Rising Sun City would be a good place to besiege .

Then Lizzy added, “Then Ashi river’s east bank has become another line of defense . There are two hundred channels connected to this river . Another 1 . 5 million troops are present here . Their main purpose is to either reinforce Rising Sun City and the other cities or aid them in their retreat . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, Ashi river is the Buddha Empire’s second major river . It’s main and side branches stretched through almost the entire Buddha Empire . With the help of Zhao Hai’s Space, the river had now been turned into a defensive line .

Lizzy continued, “Then there’s Hard Fang City, White City, Upper Bank City, White Oyster City, Golden Crown City, Ox City, and other cities close to them who made up the bulk of the Buddha Empire’s defense . A total of 3 million troops are present on these places, 1 million Beastmen, 1 million Humans, 500 thousand Dwarves, 100 thousand Elves, and 400 thousand Fishmen who are in the surrounding rivers . Moreover, there are also troops present in the Imperial Capital . ”

 Chapter 715 Universe Grand Dao Zhao Hai already had a faint idea about this aspect . But when he connected with the Dao Lotus and had a feel of the Heavens and the Earth, he was even more convinced about it . And with the report that he had received, he was now quite assured that the reason why there were no God ranks that had ascended from the continent after all this time was because of an interference done by the Divine Race . Zhao Hai knew that changing the Laws was very difficult . What is a law Actually, it was a type of projection of the Dao . And this Dao was separated into Yin and Yang . If the things that are normal to the Ark Continent were Yang, then those suppressed by it were the Yin . A combination of Yin and Yang becomes a plane . And the reason why this plane existed was because of the Dao . Now that the Divine Race had broken the Laws of the Continent, the entire plane where the continent resides has become unstable . This time, not only did the Divine Race break the laws of the Ark Continent, it also broke the laws of many other planes . The universe is comprised of multiple planes . And the reason that these planes exist and was able to act independently was also because of the universe . Now that the balance of the Ark Continent has been broken, then it was akin to breaking a part of the universe . As for what influence this action did, Zhao Hai had no way to know . However, he can be assured that the effects wouldn t be small . If the universe is composed of countless planes, then each plane would be like a domino that made up the universe . As long as it stood there and wasn t moved, then there wouldn t be any influence towards the other pieces . But once one domino fell, then all others next to it would definitely be affected as well . No matter how long or what effects it had, there will be events that would happen as a reaction . However, Zhao Hai believed that the Universal Grand Dao has a way to repair itself . Just like how the Ark Continent had been punctured by the Demons and the Divine Race, in the end, it still managed to keep the continent s space intact . Zhao Hai also believed that there was an avenue for the Universe to adjust . The Universe is all about balance, yin and yang . If the Ark Continent were to be destroyed, then another place somewhere would be affected in order to balance everything out . However, Zhao Hai had no idea how long this adjustment would occur . And as to the changes that would happen in the Ark Continent, it was difficult to say . Because of this Grand Dao, it was very difficult to change the laws of a plane . The Divine Race needed to prepare for tens of thousands of years . And if nobody from the Ark Continent were to ascend during that time, then their job would be much easier . After all, compared to the Ark Continent, the Divine Realm s strength is leagues higher . They can definitely make a seal to inhibit the ascent of God ranks from the Ark Continent . Setting wide scale formations was easier done in the Ark Continent compared to the Divine Realm . At this moment, Zhao Hai had an idea . He immediately convened all the 9th ranks in the Space . The majority of these 9th ranks were from the Carrion Swamp, there was also Origin Sword Saint who was invited by Zhao Hai . These people were among the oldest 9th ranks in existence . Zhao Hai had seen how strong they were . However, after all these years, they were still unable to reach the next step, this made Zhao Hai quite confused . But now, he knew that this was a plot done by the Divine Realm . If this was really it, then it may be possible for these people to break into God rank after going back to the continent . These 9th ranks have trained inside Zhao Hai s Space for a long time . Although their strengths were increased, they were still yet to upgrade into God rank . Zhao Hai wanted to try having them go back to the Continent and see whether they can be promoted to God rank . When these 9th ranks heard Zhao Hai s idea, all of them immediately agreed since . After all, aside from the Origin Sword Saint, all of these people were Zhao Hai s subordinate . At the same time, the Origin Sword Saint had been training for a long time, he knew that he wouldn t live for long if he wasn t able to break through to God rank, therefore, he also agreed to the idea . To these 9th ranks, their biggest wish was to reach God rank . Only then can they have greater strength as well as longer lifespans . Zhao Hai didn t have them exit directly to the battlefield . Instead, he had them go to the Black Wasteland first . In any case, the laws present there was the same as anywhere else in the continent . After sending these people off, Zhao Hai immediately returned to the living room . He was inside Bubble s body for more than a day, so he was clueless about what was currently happening outside . The only thing he knew about was the change in the Ark Continent s laws . The reason why Zhao Hai was anxious to let the 9th ranks out was because he was eager to have them break through, only then would their strengths be improved . When Zhao Hai entered the room, he saw Laura and the others being busy . Everyone looked thin and pale . When they saw Zhao Hai come, they immediately stopped what they were doing and came over . Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, Why do all of you look fatigued Why are you still busy What is going on outside Laura, with dark circles under her eyes, forced a smile and said, We re fine . But Brother Hai, how about you Are you doing well Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Rest assured, I m already fine . If the outside situation isn t that bad, then you should go and take a rest . You ve been going at it for two days . Laura nodded and said, Everything is almost done, large thanks to Cai er . Brother Hai, the defenders in Demon City have already retreated . At this moment, the Demons have gone into full defense . So we decided to move the army, there was no longer any significance in having them defend Demon City anymore . Also, we ve already had the various armies enter the Buddha Empire . All of the refugees in the Buddha Empire are gone as well, we used spatial rifts to have them moved quickly . Now, the Buddha Empire is already going according to your plan . It has been turned into huge battlefield . Zhao Hai nodded, That s good . At this moment, we have more than 500 God ranked experts . And I already had Little Wen and Origin Sword Saint s group exit the Space . Now that the laws of the Ark Continent has been changed, I want to see if there are some of them that are able to break through to God rank . All of them are locals of the Ark Continent and still haven t broken through even while inside the Space . I think that their cultivation is still not compatible with the Space . So I might as well have them break through their cultivation outside . Laura nodded, then she quickly replied, Although they had their strengths improved inside the Space, they were still yet to break through . It s a good idea to have them go out and try breaking through . At this moment, there aren t any further movements coming from the Divine Race . I don t know what they are planning to do . Zhao Hai nodded, Tell me everything that happened . Laura replied, Brother Hai, take a look . Then Laura turned her head to Cai er and said, Cai er, let Brother Hai see the recording . Cai er nodded, then she played the scene of the two huge magic formation as well as the spatial rift caused by the descending piece of land . After that, a video of the conversation between the Demon Dragon King and the Lich was shown . Zhao Hai calmly looked at the monitor until everything was finished . Then he had Cai er show the map of the continent . At this time, there were a dense group of red dots on the Buddha Empire . Zhao Hai nodded and said, I didn t think that there would be this much diversity in the continent s army . Lizzy nodded as she said, The current army of Demon City has fallen back to Rising Sun City . Rising Sun City, Lower Bank City, South Plain City, Water Wheel City, Broad Flat City have coordinated with themselves and had become one defensive line . Aside from the army in Demon City, there were also 200 thousand soldiers from the Buddha Empire, 50 thousand Beast Knights and 100 thousand infantry from the Lyon Empire, 50 thousand heavy infantry and 150 thousand normal infantry from the Rosen Empire, 200 Mages and 5000 archers from the Elves, and 50 thousand soldiers from the Dwarves . Altogether, there are more than 1 million troops separated amongst those five cities . Zhao Hai nodded, Rising Sun City was yet another fortress not far from Demon City . The walls of this city were quite thick . Moreover, its infrastructure was very well developed . Establishing a defense in this City would be a very good idea . It had good strategic placement . Just like in Demon City, Rising Sun City would be a good place to besiege . Then Lizzy added, Then Ashi river s east bank has become another line of defense . There are two hundred channels connected to this river . Another 1 . 5 million troops are present here . Their main purpose is to either reinforce Rising Sun City and the other cities or aid them in their retreat . Zhao Hai nodded, Ashi river is the Buddha Empire s second major river . It s main and side branches stretched through almost the entire Buddha Empire . With the help of Zhao Hai s Space, the river had now been turned into a defensive line . Lizzy continued, Then there s Hard Fang City, White City, Upper Bank City, White Oyster City, Golden Crown City, Ox City, and other cities close to them who made up the bulk of the Buddha Empire s defense . A total of 3 million troops are present on these places, 1 million Beastmen, 1 million Humans, 500 thousand Dwarves, 100 thousand Elves, and 400 thousand Fishmen who are in the surrounding rivers . Moreover, there are also troops present in the Imperial Capital .





* * *





Chapter 716 – Rising Sun City

When he heard Lizzy’s answer, Zhao Hai gave a satisfied nod and said, “Good, good . These defensive lines wouldn’t only help in dealing with the Demons, it will also help with resisting the Divine Race as well . Also, we should consider a path of retreat . If we turtle up in the Buddha Empire for too long, the Demons and Divine Race might join up to deal with us . On the other hand, if we are able to give up some areas of the Empire, then it might become a battlefield between the Demons and the Divine Race . Make sure that there aren’t too much supplies on those defensive lines . It wouldn’t be easy to get those excess materials during a mass retreat . ”

Lizzy and the others nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, “Now that everything has been arranged, you should go and rest . I’ll use this time to show my face to the masses, otherwise, my absence might cause some panic . ”

Lizzy and the others nodded, then Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you should be careful . You’re very crucial to the survival of the continent . We’ll definitely lose this war if you fall . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, I won’t die that easily . In fact, my disappearance has nothing to do with me being injured, I broke through . Since I needed a lot of energy, I decided to go inside Bubble and absorb the energy inside the Blood Pool . Moreover, Shiying gave me his Demonic Core, supplementing my energy . At the same time, the lotus has been placed in the Blood Pond as well . Now, the lotus has become my Life Treasure . At this point, even if the Demon Dragon King’s group gangs up on me, I still wouldn’t be in any danger . So you don’t need to worry . ” When Laura and the others heard this, they let out a sigh of relief . They were afraid that Zhao Hai had encountered a heavy injury . If that were to happen, then the impact on the continent would be great .

Laura and the others’ worries about Zhao Hai were without no reason . If Zhao Hai was really hurt, then his Space wouldn’t he used . And if there was no Space, then the transfer of both troops and supplies would be very difficult . Most importantly, without the Space, the powerful undead wouldn’t be used . This will leave the defense of the Ark Continent to the various native powers . For these people to go against the Demons and the Divine Race would be a disaster for the entire continent . Zhao Hai looked at their expression and said, “It’s fine, there’s no need to worry about me . Just go and take a rest . I’ll go have a look outside, I’ll take care of the unfinished work . Cai’er is still here as well . Cai’er, I’ll have to trouble you . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master is too polite . I also have some control over the Space . Moreover, I really don’t need to take a rest . Young Master can rest assured that I shall arrange everything . ”





Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to look at Laura and the others and said, “Well, you heard it . Go and take a good rest . Shue, Berry, you two go take a rest as well . The recent days have been too hard on you . ”

Berry smiled and said, “I’m fine, Brother Hai . I’ll be coming along with you . I’m a God-rank expert as well, I don’t need to rest . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Berry and then nodded, “Alright, then you and Shue go with me . You also need to undergo some fights before comprehending your own Domains . ” Then Zhao Hai’s body disappeared along with Berry and Shue . Zhao Hai appeared in Demon City first, he wanted to see the situation there before heading towards Rising Sun city .

At this time, there weren’t any people in Demon City, everyone has retreated, leaving an empty city behind . Zhao Hai looked at the state of the city and couldn’t help but sigh . The present Demon City looked like a ghost town, not a single sound can be heard inside it . The ground was also filled with junk, making it look bleak . But on the bright side, there weren’t any deaths here because of a fight .

Shue also looked at Demon City and felt quite awkward . Just yesterday, this place was filled with people . Now, there wasn’t anyone in this place . The mercenaries and adventurers here had no choice but to give up their homes, it was a bit sad to think about .

Zhao Hai flew above Demon City and looked at the Demon camp in the distance . The Demons were still busy right now . It seems like they weren’t planning to stop building their city . Zhao Hai can even feel ten God-ranked aura emanating from their camp .

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “It looks like the Demons are catching up . But this is also good . The stronger they look, the more attention they would attract from the Divine Race . Let’s go and take a look at Rising Sun City . I’ll leave some God-ranked undead there before heading towards the Radiant Empire to take a look why the Divine Race are still yet to take action . After all, they just made a huge move . ”





Zhao Hai sighed and said, “It looks like the Demons are catching up . But this is also good . The stronger they look, the more attention they would attract from the Divine Race . Let’s go and take a look at Rising Sun City . I’ll leave some God-ranked undead there before heading towards the Radiant Empire to take a look why the Divine Race are still yet to take action . After all, they just made a huge move . ”

After saying that, Zhao Hai used the Space to immediately teleport to Rising Sun City . Rising Sun City was the closest place to Demon City . The distance between Rising Sun City and Demon City was only five small towns . Because of this, Rising Sun City was considered to be the second stronghold after Demon City .

Rising Sun City was quite a big place . It’s original population was about 1 million . At this time, it has become part of the defensive line . On the five towns between Demon City and Rising Sun City, other than mounted scouts, not a single person can be seen .

Besmir and the others had already used the spatial rift in order to fall back to Rising Sun City . When they obtained Zhao Hai’s order to retreat but didn’t see him, they became immediately worried .

It wasn’t only Besmir’s group who was worried . The people in Rising Sun City shared the same sentiment as well . Although Zhao Hai provided a spatial rift for transport, his absence made a lot of people very bothered .

Zhao Hai might have given the order for retreat, but the one who delivered it was actually an undead that was under his command . This wasn’t Zhao Hai’s usual actions, so it was not strange that people were quite anxious about the situation .

Everyone who retreated from Demon City were very worried . But fortunately, their hearts were still stable . In any case, Zhao Hai’s spatial rift have proven that he was still around . Maybe the reason for his absence was him being tied up someplace else .

Zhao Hai didn’t ride his Bone Dragon this time, instead, he just straight up appeared inside the city . When Zhao Hai came out, he was immediately spotted by some Elven Archers, who couldn’t help but cheer out loud .





Zhao Hai didn’t ride his Bone Dragon this time, instead, he just straight up appeared inside the city . When Zhao Hai came out, he was immediately spotted by some Elven Archers, who couldn’t help but cheer out loud .

Although these Elves were arrogant, they weren’t fools . When they saw Zhao Hai’s fight with the Demons, they immediately became aware of how strong he was . They also understood that without Zhao Hai, defending against the Demons would be impossible . Zhao Hai glanced at the people inside Rising Sun City . There were nearly 500 thousand people in the city, most of them were from Demon City . This made Zhao Hai feel relief . Then he turned his gaze towards the defenders on the walls and nodded as he waved his hand and summoned his undead outside the city .

This produced another round of cheers . These people couldn’t help but feel at ease upon seeing Zhao Hai . Normally, seeing undead would make them feel disgusted, but now, it seems like these undead had become much more lovable .

Zhao Hai flew down towards a nearby Dwarf and then smiled, “Brother, can you take me to the General’s residence? I have some matters to discuss . ”

The Dwarf immediately replied, “Of course, Elder, come with me . ” Then the Dwarf’s two small feet quickly led Zhao Hai towards the residence . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile at this scene as he led Shue and Berry forward .

It didn’t take too long before they arrived in Rising Sun City’s City Lord Mansion . The City Lord’s Mansion has now become the General’s residence, Besmir and the others were here . The one with the highest authority in the City was now Besmir along with the Captains of the reinforcing armies . But since their numbers weren’t much, Besmir still held a higher command .

When Zhao Hai arrived at the General’s residence, the guards at the gates immediately gave him a salute . Then one of them ran into the mansion without even saying anything, telling the people inside that “Mister Zhao Hai has come” . Zhao Hai was amused at the man, then he turned to the Dwarf that led him and then said, “Thank you brother . Here’s take this as gratitude . ” Then he gave the Dwarf a bottle of his distilled milk wine .

The Dwarf was ecstatic at the gift, he immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Thank you very much, Elder Zhao Hai . ” Then he turned around and ran . From his expression, it seems like he was eager to show off to his companions . Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it as he turned and walked into the General’s residence .



When Zhao Hai arrived at the General’s residence, the guards at the gates immediately gave him a salute . Then one of them ran into the mansion without even saying anything, telling the people inside that “Mister Zhao Hai has come” . Zhao Hai was amused at the man, then he turned to the Dwarf that led him and then said, “Thank you brother . Here’s take this as gratitude . ” Then he gave the Dwarf a bottle of his distilled milk wine .

The Dwarf was ecstatic at the gift, he immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Thank you very much, Elder Zhao Hai . ” Then he turned around and ran . From his expression, it seems like he was eager to show off to his companions . Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it as he turned and walked into the General’s residence .

Just as he entered the mansion’s gate, he immediately saw Besmir, Julian, Gellar, and Barres along with several Human soldiers . The soldiers were all looking at Zhao Hai with curiosity .

Besmir led the others forward to greet Zhao Hai before giving a salute and said, “Mister, welcome back . Please follow us inside . ’

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, then I’ll be impolite . By the way, how are things going on here?”

Besmir quickly replied, “Mister, everything has been completely prepared . Not only here, the others cities have settled down as well . ” Zhao Hai nodded . Then he followed the group into the mansion . The battle room was much larger than the one back in Demon City . Not only were there more maps present here, there were even some soldiers doing logistics as well as a sand table in the middle of the room .

Zhao Hai inspected the room and gave a satisfied nod and said, “This is a great room . This looks more like a battle room compared to the one in Demon City . Right, tell me the arrangements . ” Then he went towards the sand table .

Besmir and the others arrived by the table as well . Besmir beckoned to the sand table and said, “Because of the short time, I can only make this simple sand table . Along with Rising Sun City, the other cities already has troops stationed inside as well as some mobile cavalry and scouts . In order to make the battle and retreat more convenient, we asked our Dwarf brothers to dig tunnels between the cities . However, since the workload is too much, there aren’t much results yet . I believe that after Rising Sun City gets connected to the other cities, then we can act more united compared to now . Retreat and reinforcements would be carried out through those tunnels, making transport a lot less troublesome . ”

 Chapter 716 Rising Sun City When he heard Lizzy s answer, Zhao Hai gave a satisfied nod and said, Good, good . These defensive lines wouldn t only help in dealing with the Demons, it will also help with resisting the Divine Race as well . Also, we should consider a path of retreat . If we turtle up in the Buddha Empire for too long, the Demons and Divine Race might join up to deal with us . On the other hand, if we are able to give up some areas of the Empire, then it might become a battlefield between the Demons and the Divine Race . Make sure that there aren t too much supplies on those defensive lines . It wouldn t be easy to get those excess materials during a mass retreat . Lizzy and the others nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, Now that everything has been arranged, you should go and rest . I ll use this time to show my face to the masses, otherwise, my absence might cause some panic . Lizzy and the others nodded, then Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, you should be careful . You re very crucial to the survival of the continent . We ll definitely lose this war if you fall . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Rest assured, I won t die that easily . In fact, my disappearance has nothing to do with me being injured, I broke through . Since I needed a lot of energy, I decided to go inside Bubble and absorb the energy inside the Blood Pool . Moreover, Shiying gave me his Demonic Core, supplementing my energy . At the same time, the lotus has been placed in the Blood Pond as well . Now, the lotus has become my Life Treasure . At this point, even if the Demon Dragon King s group gangs up on me, I still wouldn t be in any danger . So you don t need to worry . When Laura and the others heard this, they let out a sigh of relief . They were afraid that Zhao Hai had encountered a heavy injury . If that were to happen, then the impact on the continent would be great . Laura and the others worries about Zhao Hai were without no reason . If Zhao Hai was really hurt, then his Space wouldn t he used . And if there was no Space, then the transfer of both troops and supplies would be very difficult . Most importantly, without the Space, the powerful undead wouldn t be used . This will leave the defense of the Ark Continent to the various native powers . For these people to go against the Demons and the Divine Race would be a disaster for the entire continent . Zhao Hai looked at their expression and said, It s fine, there s no need to worry about me . Just go and take a rest . I ll go have a look outside, I ll take care of the unfinished work . Cai er is still here as well . Cai er, I ll have to trouble you . Cai er smiled and said, Young Master is too polite . I also have some control over the Space . Moreover, I really don t need to take a rest . Young Master can rest assured that I shall arrange everything . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to look at Laura and the others and said, Well, you heard it . Go and take a good rest . Shue, Berry, you two go take a rest as well . The recent days have been too hard on you . Berry smiled and said, I m fine, Brother Hai . I ll be coming along with you . I m a God rank expert as well, I don t need to rest . Zhao Hai looked at Berry and then nodded, Alright, then you and Shue go with me . You also need to undergo some fights before comprehending your own Domains . Then Zhao Hai s body disappeared along with Berry and Shue . Zhao Hai appeared in Demon City first, he wanted to see the situation there before heading towards Rising Sun city . At this time, there weren t any people in Demon City, everyone has retreated, leaving an empty city behind . Zhao Hai looked at the state of the city and couldn t help but sigh . The present Demon City looked like a ghost town, not a single sound can be heard inside it . The ground was also filled with junk, making it look bleak . But on the bright side, there weren t any deaths here because of a fight . Shue also looked at Demon City and felt quite awkward . Just yesterday, this place was filled with people . Now, there wasn t anyone in this place . The mercenaries and adventurers here had no choice but to give up their homes, it was a bit sad to think about . Zhao Hai flew above Demon City and looked at the Demon camp in the distance . The Demons were still busy right now . It seems like they weren t planning to stop building their city . Zhao Hai can even feel ten God ranked aura emanating from their camp . Zhao Hai sighed and said, It looks like the Demons are catching up . But this is also good . The stronger they look, the more attention they would attract from the Divine Race . Let s go and take a look at Rising Sun City . I ll leave some God ranked undead there before heading towards the Radiant Empire to take a look why the Divine Race are still yet to take action . After all, they just made a huge move . After saying that, Zhao Hai used the Space to immediately teleport to Rising Sun City . Rising Sun City was the closest place to Demon City . The distance between Rising Sun City and Demon City was only five small towns . Because of this, Rising Sun City was considered to be the second stronghold after Demon City . Rising Sun City was quite a big place . It s original population was about 1 million . At this time, it has become part of the defensive line . On the five towns between Demon City and Rising Sun City, other than mounted scouts, not a single person can be seen . Besmir and the others had already used the spatial rift in order to fall back to Rising Sun City . When they obtained Zhao Hai s order to retreat but didn t see him, they became immediately worried . It wasn t only Besmir s group who was worried . The people in Rising Sun City shared the same sentiment as well . Although Zhao Hai provided a spatial rift for transport, his absence made a lot of people very bothered . Zhao Hai might have given the order for retreat, but the one who delivered it was actually an undead that was under his command . This wasn t Zhao Hai s usual actions, so it was not strange that people were quite anxious about the situation . Everyone who retreated from Demon City were very worried . But fortunately, their hearts were still stable . In any case, Zhao Hai s spatial rift have proven that he was still around . Maybe the reason for his absence was him being tied up someplace else . Zhao Hai didn t ride his Bone Dragon this time, instead, he just straight up appeared inside the city . When Zhao Hai came out, he was immediately spotted by some Elven Archers, who couldn t help but cheer out loud . Although these Elves were arrogant, they weren t fools . When they saw Zhao Hai s fight with the Demons, they immediately became aware of how strong he was . They also understood that without Zhao Hai, defending against the Demons would be impossible . Zhao Hai glanced at the people inside Rising Sun City . There were nearly 500 thousand people in the city, most of them were from Demon City . This made Zhao Hai feel relief . Then he turned his gaze towards the defenders on the walls and nodded as he waved his hand and summoned his undead outside the city . This produced another round of cheers . These people couldn t help but feel at ease upon seeing Zhao Hai . Normally, seeing undead would make them feel disgusted, but now, it seems like these undead had become much more lovable . Zhao Hai flew down towards a nearby Dwarf and then smiled, Brother, can you take me to the General s residence I have some matters to discuss . The Dwarf immediately replied, Of course, Elder, come with me . Then the Dwarf s two small feet quickly led Zhao Hai towards the residence . Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile at this scene as he led Shue and Berry forward . It didn t take too long before they arrived in Rising Sun City s City Lord Mansion . The City Lord s Mansion has now become the General s residence, Besmir and the others were here . The one with the highest authority in the City was now Besmir along with the Captains of the reinforcing armies . But since their numbers weren t much, Besmir still held a higher command . When Zhao Hai arrived at the General s residence, the guards at the gates immediately gave him a salute . Then one of them ran into the mansion without even saying anything, telling the people inside that Mister Zhao Hai has come . Zhao Hai was amused at the man, then he turned to the Dwarf that led him and then said, Thank you brother . Here s take this as gratitude . Then he gave the Dwarf a bottle of his distilled milk wine . The Dwarf was ecstatic at the gift, he immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, Thank you very much, Elder Zhao Hai . Then he turned around and ran . From his expression, it seems like he was eager to show off to his companions . Zhao Hai didn t care much about it as he turned and walked into the General s residence . Just as he entered the mansion s gate, he immediately saw Besmir, Julian, Gellar, and Barres along with several Human soldiers . The soldiers were all looking at Zhao Hai with curiosity . Besmir led the others forward to greet Zhao Hai before giving a salute and said, Mister, welcome back . Please follow us inside . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Alright, then I ll be impolite . By the way, how are things going on here Besmir quickly replied, Mister, everything has been completely prepared . Not only here, the others cities have settled down as well . Zhao Hai nodded . Then he followed the group into the mansion . The battle room was much larger than the one back in Demon City . Not only were there more maps present here, there were even some soldiers doing logistics as well as a sand table in the middle of the room . Zhao Hai inspected the room and gave a satisfied nod and said, This is a great room . This looks more like a battle room compared to the one in Demon City . Right, tell me the arrangements . Then he went towards the sand table . Besmir and the others arrived by the table as well . Besmir beckoned to the sand table and said, Because of the short time, I can only make this simple sand table . Along with Rising Sun City, the other cities already has troops stationed inside as well as some mobile cavalry and scouts . In order to make the battle and retreat more convenient, we asked our Dwarf brothers to dig tunnels between the cities . However, since the workload is too much, there aren t much results yet . I believe that after Rising Sun City gets connected to the other cities, then we can act more united compared to now . Retreat and reinforcements would be carried out through those tunnels, making transport a lot less troublesome .





* * *





Chapter 717 – Divine Artifact

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s a good method . But it’s extremely time consuming . How about this, I’ll try to discuss with the Emperors of the continent and see if they can lend some Earth Mages to help with the operation . However, since the Dwarves are still the experts in digging, Earth Mages would be placed under their command . Julian, you must link the cities as soon as possible . After that, start to link them to the other small towns as well . This will make our battles more diverse . Remember to make as much interconnected tunnels as possible . The Demons have their methods, they may cause some collapse on the tunnels . ”

Julian nodded and said, “Rest assured, I’ve already made plans about that . I had the tunnels dug very deep so that general spells wouldn’t be able to destroy it . Tunnels are our expertise, so you don’t need to worry about this matter . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, then I’ll place my trust on the ability of the Dwarves . I’ll be heading towards the Radiant Empire later to see the situation there . I’ll leave some undead here in the meantime . Don’t worry, even if they send God-ranks, they won’t be able to deal with me . Moreover, I’ve also taken a look at the Demon camp . They have focused on building their city, so they won’t be attacking anytime soon . I’m just worried about what plans the Divine Race are having, so I decided to take a look . ”

Julian nodded, “Would you like to have the Patriarch bring the Divine Artifact here, increasing the security?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “There’s no need for that right now . We need to have Patriarch Billy and the others to keep the defense in Accra Mountain . If things go bad, then we can just give up on the Buddha Empire, handing it over to the Divine Race and the Demons . That way, those two can just contend for the land, fighting with each other in the process . ”

The people in the room froze when they heard Zhao Hai, their complexions weren’t exactly beautiful . Most of the people here are from the Buddha Empire, this was where they grew up, where their family thrived . Hearing that they must give up their hometown was something very unpleasant to hear . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Don’t think about it too much . You’re just giving up your homes, your land . In the end, your families are still there . Wherever your family is, then that place is your home . You don’t need to worry too much here, the Demon’s wouldn’t be coming for quite some time . They have a certain understanding about the Divine Race, so they should be conserving their strength ,not leaving their camp . ”





The people relaxed, then Zhao Hai looked at them one by one before waving his hand, making Shiying appear . Then Zhao Hai looked at the people inside the room and said, “This is Shiying, the Demon God-rank expert . He is now my undead, he will be my representative here . Even if the Demons or the Divine Race attacks, you don’t have anything to worry about since I shall be returning at the quickest time . Well, then I’ll be leaving . Besmir, I’ll leave everything here to you . ” Besmir nodded, then Zhao Hai vanished from the room along with Berry and Shue .

Everyone present were already aware of Zhao Hai’s space divergent ability . Because of this, they weren’t very surprised with Zhao Hai’s performance .

Zhao Hai’s group of three appeared on the Radiant Empire’s border . There weren’t any changes compared to their past visit . The dead people and beasts at that time were still present . However, Zhao Hai didn’t feel extreme anger this time . He needed to wait in order to take revenge so he decided to bury that feeling deep inside .

Zhao Hai came this time in order to see the new land that had descended . He wanted to see what’s currently happening there and know why the Divine Race had yet to make an action .

He moved and flew towards the new land . Zhao Hai was a God-rank expert so he naturally wasn’t slow . When he arrived at the place, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . It was because he saw a group of people . All of them were wearing the standard gown of the Radiant Church, it seems like they were people from the church .

When he saw these people, Zhao Hai’s killing intent couldn’t help but flare up . At this time, the people from the Radiant Church had also discovered Zhao Hai . Currently, the Church didn’t have a lot of members remaining, only the core people were left . Altogether, these people number around a thousand . The worst of them were 8th rank Warrior or Mage . Unexpectedly, their 9th ranks had actually reached a hundred people, this number wasn’t small .

When the people from the Church discovered Zhao Hai’s group, their 9th ranks immediately flew over, headed by three people . The forefront of the three was an old person, he seemed to look over a hundred years old . His beard was snowy white as he wore a golden Radiant Church robe . In his hand was a sparkling golden book . This book made him appear like deity .





When the people from the Church discovered Zhao Hai’s group, their 9th ranks immediately flew over, headed by three people . The forefront of the three was an old person, he seemed to look over a hundred years old . His beard was snowy white as he wore a golden Radiant Church robe . In his hand was a sparkling golden book . This book made him appear like deity .

There were two red-robed people on each of the old person’s side . Zhao Hai didn’t recognize these two people, but their strengths were 9th rank . One of them held a while staff, while the other held a sword .

Zhao Hai didn’t care about who these people were . From his deduction, the old man should be the church’s Pope while the other two should be red-robed archbishops . Zhao Hai didn’t pay attention on these three . However, what took his attention were the items on their hands .

These three items looked very uncommon . Most importantly, Zhao Hai can feel that these three items emanated an aura similar to Iron Hammer and Bloody War . It seems like these three items were Divine Artifacts .

When the Pope saw Zhao Hai staring at the book on his hand, he couldn’t help but stare as well . Then when Zhao Hai paid attention to it, the Pope immediately knew that Zhao Hai had discovered what his book was . This book wasn’t a normal one, it was actually sacred scripture that was given to him by the Divine Race, a Divine Artifact . The same was true for the items held by the two red-robed Archbishops, the Radiant Staff and the Sword of Judgement .

For Zhao Hai to notice these items in such a short time explains that Zhao Hai was a really powerful man .

The Pope looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai, I didn’t think that you would arrive today . Submit to me right now, and when the Gods descend, I shall put a good word out for you . You have created huge troubles for the Church, and since we cannot change our plans, we had no choice but to do a Blood Sacrifice . This action made the Gods very angry, the people in the Radiant Empire were their most pious servants, and all of them died because of you . ”

Zhao Hai coldly looked at the Pope and then laughed, “What a joke, they died because of me? Who killed them? Weren’t they killed by you hypocrites? And now you have the guts to pin the deed to me? You’re truly shameless . ”





Zhao Hai coldly looked at the Pope and then laughed, “What a joke, they died because of me? Who killed them? Weren’t they killed by you hypocrites? And now you have the guts to pin the deed to me? You’re truly shameless . ”

The Pope calmly stared at Zhao Hai, “They are the Church’s most faithful servants, naturally they are prepared to be sacrifices for our God . If not for your disturbance, we wouldn’t have used them . Instead, we would have used heathens for the sacrifice . Because of you, all of them died, so isn’t that your mistake?” Zhao Hai sneered at the Pope’s statement, “Heathens? And what qualifies being a heathen? Is it just because they don’t believe in your Radiant God? In this world, there isn’t only one God, so why would they need to believe in yours? Hahaha, now that I’m thinking about it, all of them were killed because of their belief in the Radiant God, isn’t that quite ironic?”

The Pope coldly replied, “Everyone who believes in the Radiant God aren’t heathens . The Radiant God is omnipotent, the Radiant God is indescribably formidable . For them to be sacrificed to his cause is their fortune . Their souls would be purified . ”

Zhao Hai sneered and said, “Purification, the soul just flows out of the body and perishers, nothing else . Sigh . Its useless to keep talking to brainwashed people . Shue, Berry, kill them all . But be careful, these people are carrying Divine Artifacts . Their capabilities aren’t small . ”

The two nodded, then Shue wielded his big axe and rushed straight into the enemies . Berry, on the other hand, slowly vanished into thin air . Zhao Hai just stood there without moving, observing the actions of the two . He wanted to give them more chances to fight . As soon as they comprehend a Domain, then they would become full-fledged Gods . In this chaotic situation, only then would they be free from constant peril .

When the Pope saw Shue rushing over, he immediately retreated while having the other 9th ranks go forward . They spread out as they attacked Shue .

Shue didn’t have time to waste with them . His figure suddenly shook as large quantities of Doppelgangers appeared by his side, proceeding to kill these 9th ranks .

These 9th ranks didn’t expect Shue to have this ability, causing them to be caught off-guard . In an instant, their numbers immediately fell by a large margin .



Shue didn’t have time to waste with them . His figure suddenly shook as large quantities of Doppelgangers appeared by his side, proceeding to kill these 9th ranks .

These 9th ranks didn’t expect Shue to have this ability, causing them to be caught off-guard . In an instant, their numbers immediately fell by a large margin .

Shue didn’t care about the remaining 9th ranks as he continued to charge towards the Pope . The Pope wasn’t expecting Shue to be this formidable as well . However, when he saw that the enemy was still approaching, he lifted his sacred scripture up and said, “God decrees that all enemies shall be punished!”

Then as he said that, a bunch of white light went out of the sacred scripture . This white light quickly coalesced to become a light sword as it went towards Shue’s direction .

Shue made a low grunt as he lifted his axe and greeted the light with the axe’s projection . When the axe hit the sword, it didn’t manage to block it . The axe projection was destroyed while the light sword continued on towards Shue .

Shue’s eyes twinkled brightly, then his figure moved as he dodged the attack while charging towards the Pope . But then, the sword of light actually went around and attacked Shue’s back .

When Zhao Hai saw the sword of light’s movements, he couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow . He didn’t think the techniques of the Radiant Church would actually be this formidable . Not only did it break Shue’s attack, it could even trace its enemy’s position . This Divine Artifact surely was quite unique .

 Chapter 717 Divine Artifact Zhao Hai nodded and said, That s a good method . But it s extremely time consuming . How about this, I ll try to discuss with the Emperors of the continent and see if they can lend some Earth Mages to help with the operation . However, since the Dwarves are still the experts in digging, Earth Mages would be placed under their command . Julian, you must link the cities as soon as possible . After that, start to link them to the other small towns as well . This will make our battles more diverse . Remember to make as much interconnected tunnels as possible . The Demons have their methods, they may cause some collapse on the tunnels . Julian nodded and said, Rest assured, I ve already made plans about that . I had the tunnels dug very deep so that general spells wouldn t be able to destroy it . Tunnels are our expertise, so you don t need to worry about this matter . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Alright, then I ll place my trust on the ability of the Dwarves . I ll be heading towards the Radiant Empire later to see the situation there . I ll leave some undead here in the meantime . Don t worry, even if they send God ranks, they won t be able to deal with me . Moreover, I ve also taken a look at the Demon camp . They have focused on building their city, so they won t be attacking anytime soon . I m just worried about what plans the Divine Race are having, so I decided to take a look . Julian nodded, Would you like to have the Patriarch bring the Divine Artifact here, increasing the security Zhao Hai shook his head and said, There s no need for that right now . We need to have Patriarch Billy and the others to keep the defense in Accra Mountain . If things go bad, then we can just give up on the Buddha Empire, handing it over to the Divine Race and the Demons . That way, those two can just contend for the land, fighting with each other in the process . The people in the room froze when they heard Zhao Hai, their complexions weren t exactly beautiful . Most of the people here are from the Buddha Empire, this was where they grew up, where their family thrived . Hearing that they must give up their hometown was something very unpleasant to hear . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, Don t think about it too much . You re just giving up your homes, your land . In the end, your families are still there . Wherever your family is, then that place is your home . You don t need to worry too much here, the Demon s wouldn t be coming for quite some time . They have a certain understanding about the Divine Race, so they should be conserving their strength ,not leaving their camp . The people relaxed, then Zhao Hai looked at them one by one before waving his hand, making Shiying appear . Then Zhao Hai looked at the people inside the room and said, This is Shiying, the Demon God rank expert . He is now my undead, he will be my representative here . Even if the Demons or the Divine Race attacks, you don t have anything to worry about since I shall be returning at the quickest time . Well, then I ll be leaving . Besmir, I ll leave everything here to you . Besmir nodded, then Zhao Hai vanished from the room along with Berry and Shue . Everyone present were already aware of Zhao Hai s space divergent ability . Because of this, they weren t very surprised with Zhao Hai s performance . Zhao Hai s group of three appeared on the Radiant Empire s border . There weren t any changes compared to their past visit . The dead people and beasts at that time were still present . However, Zhao Hai didn t feel extreme anger this time . He needed to wait in order to take revenge so he decided to bury that feeling deep inside . Zhao Hai came this time in order to see the new land that had descended . He wanted to see what s currently happening there and know why the Divine Race had yet to make an action . He moved and flew towards the new land . Zhao Hai was a God rank expert so he naturally wasn t slow . When he arrived at the place, Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare . It was because he saw a group of people . All of them were wearing the standard gown of the Radiant Church, it seems like they were people from the church . When he saw these people, Zhao Hai s killing intent couldn t help but flare up . At this time, the people from the Radiant Church had also discovered Zhao Hai . Currently, the Church didn t have a lot of members remaining, only the core people were left . Altogether, these people number around a thousand . The worst of them were 8th rank Warrior or Mage . Unexpectedly, their 9th ranks had actually reached a hundred people, this number wasn t small . When the people from the Church discovered Zhao Hai s group, their 9th ranks immediately flew over, headed by three people . The forefront of the three was an old person, he seemed to look over a hundred years old . His beard was snowy white as he wore a golden Radiant Church robe . In his hand was a sparkling golden book . This book made him appear like deity . There were two red robed people on each of the old person s side . Zhao Hai didn t recognize these two people, but their strengths were 9th rank . One of them held a while staff, while the other held a sword . Zhao Hai didn t care about who these people were . From his deduction, the old man should be the church s Pope while the other two should be red robed archbishops . Zhao Hai didn t pay attention on these three . However, what took his attention were the items on their hands . These three items looked very uncommon . Most importantly, Zhao Hai can feel that these three items emanated an aura similar to Iron Hammer and Bloody War . It seems like these three items were Divine Artifacts . When the Pope saw Zhao Hai staring at the book on his hand, he couldn t help but stare as well . Then when Zhao Hai paid attention to it, the Pope immediately knew that Zhao Hai had discovered what his book was . This book wasn t a normal one, it was actually sacred scripture that was given to him by the Divine Race, a Divine Artifact . The same was true for the items held by the two red robed Archbishops, the Radiant Staff and the Sword of Judgement . For Zhao Hai to notice these items in such a short time explains that Zhao Hai was a really powerful man . The Pope looked at Zhao Hai and said, Zhao Hai, I didn t think that you would arrive today . Submit to me right now, and when the Gods descend, I shall put a good word out for you . You have created huge troubles for the Church, and since we cannot change our plans, we had no choice but to do a Blood Sacrifice . This action made the Gods very angry, the people in the Radiant Empire were their most pious servants, and all of them died because of you . Zhao Hai coldly looked at the Pope and then laughed, What a joke, they died because of me Who killed them Weren t they killed by you hypocrites And now you have the guts to pin the deed to me You re truly shameless . The Pope calmly stared at Zhao Hai, They are the Church s most faithful servants, naturally they are prepared to be sacrifices for our God . If not for your disturbance, we wouldn t have used them . Instead, we would have used heathens for the sacrifice . Because of you, all of them died, so isn t that your mistake Zhao Hai sneered at the Pope s statement, Heathens And what qualifies being a heathen Is it just because they don t believe in your Radiant God In this world, there isn t only one God, so why would they need to believe in yours Hahaha, now that I m thinking about it, all of them were killed because of their belief in the Radiant God, isn t that quite ironic The Pope coldly replied, Everyone who believes in the Radiant God aren t heathens . The Radiant God is omnipotent, the Radiant God is indescribably formidable . For them to be sacrificed to his cause is their fortune . Their souls would be purified . Zhao Hai sneered and said, Purification, the soul just flows out of the body and perishers, nothing else . Sigh . Its useless to keep talking to brainwashed people . Shue, Berry, kill them all . But be careful, these people are carrying Divine Artifacts . Their capabilities aren t small . The two nodded, then Shue wielded his big axe and rushed straight into the enemies . Berry, on the other hand, slowly vanished into thin air . Zhao Hai just stood there without moving, observing the actions of the two . He wanted to give them more chances to fight . As soon as they comprehend a Domain, then they would become full fledged Gods . In this chaotic situation, only then would they be free from constant peril . When the Pope saw Shue rushing over, he immediately retreated while having the other 9th ranks go forward . They spread out as they attacked Shue . Shue didn t have time to waste with them . His figure suddenly shook as large quantities of Doppelgangers appeared by his side, proceeding to kill these 9th ranks . These 9th ranks didn t expect Shue to have this ability, causing them to be caught off guard . In an instant, their numbers immediately fell by a large margin . Shue didn t care about the remaining 9th ranks as he continued to charge towards the Pope . The Pope wasn t expecting Shue to be this formidable as well . However, when he saw that the enemy was still approaching, he lifted his sacred scripture up and said, God decrees that all enemies shall be punished Then as he said that, a bunch of white light went out of the sacred scripture . This white light quickly coalesced to become a light sword as it went towards Shue s direction . Shue made a low grunt as he lifted his axe and greeted the light with the axe s projection . When the axe hit the sword, it didn t manage to block it . The axe projection was destroyed while the light sword continued on towards Shue . Shue s eyes twinkled brightly, then his figure moved as he dodged the attack while charging towards the Pope . But then, the sword of light actually went around and attacked Shue s back . When Zhao Hai saw the sword of light s movements, he couldn t help but raise an eyebrow . He didn t think the techniques of the Radiant Church would actually be this formidable . Not only did it break Shue s attack, it could even trace its enemy s position . This Divine Artifact surely was quite unique .





* * *





Chapter 718 – Comprehending A Domain

At this time, the red-robed Archbishop bearing the radiant staff began to move . He held his staff up high and muttered an incantation . A ray of light started to cover the Pope, protecting him . Then as the Archbishop bearing the sword of judgement started to attack, he suddenly felt something beside him, this made him immediately dodge to the side .

However, he wasn’t able to completely dodge the attack . On his left arm were four claw marks . The wound was quite deep, the flesh was gouged out as blood continued to flow .

At this time, Berry’s form appeared ten meters away from the injured Archbishop . Berry was no longer the gentle woman who was right beside Zhao Hai . Both of her hands were now equipped with foot long nails, sharp to the point of showing cold light . Four of her nails, besides the thumb, in her right hand was now dripping with blood .

Berry chuckled tenderly, sounding out as a delightful laughter . However, those who heard it felt their will collapse a little . Then Berry smiled as she held her bloodied hand out and licked it with her long tongue . Her movements completely enticing while at the same time quite dangerous .

Zhao Hai discovered that Berry’s attack didn’t only involve his nails . Her laughter and her movements were actually a type of mental attack . Since mental attacks of the Succubi were formidable, and their control fantastic, this made it hard for their moves to be discovered . If Zhao Hai didn’t have stronger spiritual force, then it might be impossible for him to notice it .

Zhao Hai was surprised at Berry . He didn’t expect her to have this wild side, this astonished him very much .

On the other hand, the people from the Radiant Church were very startled . They hadn’t felt Berry approach at all . In their opinion, this feat was completely impossible .





These people were the strongest experts of the Radiant Church . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been bestowed Divine Artifacts . Because of this, they were very confident in their own strength . They simply couldn’t believe that someone was able to bypass their detection and arrive by their side .

But how could they know about the powers of the Succubus race, or the fact that Zhao Hai had reached God-rank . After all, they were just 9th rank experts .

The little lady Succubus continued to chuckle, then her figure disappeared once more . This made the people from the Radiant Church unconsciously take a step back . The Archbishop with the radiant staff couldn’t help but increase his protection . At the same time, the Pope also opened his sacred scripture .

When Berry attacked the red-robed Archbishop, Shue’s clones had already eliminated the other 9th ranks of the Radiant Church . Shue’s clones held absolute superiority when it came to strength and numbers . The 9th ranks had no chance to retaliate at all .

Zhao Hai waved his hand, wrapping the dead 9th ranks and made them into undead . Then Zhao Hai pointed his fingers towards the 8th rank experts before the new undead proceeded to slaughter them .

Zhao Hai didn’t change the appearances of these undead into skeletons . Instead, he made them into zombies, in other words, he maintained their original faces . This was to make the Radiant Church witness helplessly as their own allies were killing them . This would be a huge impact for these people . These were their allies, friends, and superiors . Having them turn around and kill them caused panic and fear to the victims .

In this situation, how could it be possible for the people from the Radiant Church to keep their morale . Additionally, Zhao Hai’s 9th rank undead were very strong, it didn’t take long before flesh and blood began to splatter around the place .

However, Shue had actually met with some trouble . He was now faced against the sword of light . The sword was very strong, able to defeat a thousand axe projections from Shue’s clones .





However, Shue had actually met with some trouble . He was now faced against the sword of light . The sword was very strong, able to defeat a thousand axe projections from Shue’s clones .

After the Pope released another the sword of light, he didn’t close his sacred scripture . Instead, he closed muttered an incantation once more, “God decrees that everything is just an illusion . One needs to open his eyes to see the truth!”

Just after he muttered those words, a white light appeared on his side, then it slowly transformed into a huge white eye . The eye turned and projected a beam towards the area right behind the Archbishop with the staff .

A grunt came as Berry’s hand clashed with the light, shattering it . However, this also revealed Berry’s form .

Then the Archbishop with the sword of judgement immediately moved and swung his sword towards Berry’s direction . Berry wanted to turn invisible once more, however, the white eye ejected a beam once more, forcing her to reveal her form .

Zhao Hai saw all of these happen but still didn’t go forward to help . He knew that he had underestimated these Divine Artifacts . Its possible that these artifacts were no worse than God-rank experts, they might even be stronger than average God-ranks . No wonder the Dwarves and the other races were able to defeat a God-ranked expert using only their three artifacts, these items were truly strong .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t regret sending Shue and Berry to this fight . Only through battles would these two grow, and will soon develop their own Domain .

Shue was now being assaulted by two swords of light . This made him very angry, he didn’t think that he would have problems in dealing with some 9th ranks with divine artifacts . This was too shameful, he was losing face for his Young Master .

Shue couldn’t help but be enraged at this point . He roared and this time, he didn’t use a projection of the axe for attack . Instead, he injected his energy into the axe in order to attack . The whole axe turned blood red, shoots of light continued to dance wildly around the axe . With Shue in the center, red light was whistling about in a ten meter surrounding . These weren’t projections, all of these was just the aura that was given off by the axe .





Shue couldn’t help but be enraged at this point . He roared and this time, he didn’t use a projection of the axe for attack . Instead, he injected his energy into the axe in order to attack . The whole axe turned blood red, shoots of light continued to dance wildly around the axe . With Shue in the center, red light was whistling about in a ten meter surrounding . These weren’t projections, all of these was just the aura that was given off by the axe .

The two swords of light stabbed into Shue’s axe aura . Then an intense clash sounded out . After some time, Shue’s figure backed up, his clothes were ripped into two, his skin was wounded in some areas . At the same time, the axe on his hand now had two grain sized holes . But fortunately, the overall damage to the axe was not too serious .

However, Zhao Hai noticed the damage . He knew that Shue’s axe was built with quality . It shouldn’t be too far from a Divine Artifact . It seems like Shue needed a better weapon than this one .

When Shue finally disperse the two swords of light, he made a furious roar as he went towards the Pope . The Pope flipped the page on his sacred scripture and said, “God decrees that all enemies shall fall into Hell . Unable to be reincarnated!!” Just as his words fell, two big white hands suddenly appeared in the sky, one above Shue and one below . Then the two hands went closer to each other, intending to flatten Shue in between .

Shue wanted to move to the side, but discovered that it was impossible for him to move, he seemed to be imprisoned . Shue panicked, he couldn’t help but turn his head to Zhao Hai . He hoped to obtain help from his Young Master . However, Zhao Hai stayed put, showing Shue a face full of hope .

When Shue saw Zhao Hai’s expression, he knew that Zhao Hai didn’t want to help him right now . He was hoping that Shue would break through .

When he understood Zhao Hai’s purpose, Shue’s heart couldn’t help but shake . Then he screamed violently as the axe in his hand swung around wildly . However, the two big hands seem to be unaffected . More pressure came as Shue’s space inside became smaller and smaller .

Zhao Hai was now starting to worriedly look at Shue . Although he hoped that Shue would break through, he was still afraid that Shue would get heavily injured . Zhao Hai was thinking that he may have been too impatient . Berry and Shue just became Demigods, so it may be impossible for them to become a God in such a short time . It seems like he had gone too far .

After thinking up to this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh and prepared to make his move . However, Shue’s axe aura suddenly vanished . Shue was just stood there, calmly holding his axe . This made Zhao Hai stare, confused . And at this time, Shue started to swing .



Zhao Hai was now starting to worriedly look at Shue . Although he hoped that Shue would break through, he was still afraid that Shue would get heavily injured . Zhao Hai was thinking that he may have been too impatient . Berry and Shue just became Demigods, so it may be impossible for them to become a God in such a short time . It seems like he had gone too far .

After thinking up to this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh and prepared to make his move . However, Shue’s axe aura suddenly vanished . Shue was just stood there, calmly holding his axe . This made Zhao Hai stare, confused . And at this time, Shue started to swing .

The speed of this attack wasn’t’ fast, it can even be described as relatively slow . Every single movement can be seen by the naked eye . However, such a move actually manage to crack the enclosure made by those two big white hands .

As the axe chopped, a blood red gas started to wrap Shue’s body . Then this gas expanded, getting bigger and bigger, and even bigger as it stopped when it became as large as the Demon Herd’s Domain . Then the gas formed into a red sphere, surrounding Shue who was in the center .

But this wasn’t’ the end, the red sphere slowly started to take shape . In the end, it turned into the shape of an axe . This was a greataxe, a two bladed axe . Its body was completely blood red, but the edge of the axe was actually golden . This made the greataxe appear even more sharp .

When Zhao Hai saw this axe, he couldn’t help but laugh . He knew that Shue had finally succeeded, he had finally comprehended his own Domain . Although it was still in its first stage, it was still a very great achievement .

At the same time, seeing Shue’s process of comprehending a Domain also gave benefits to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai’s Domain was directly made by the Space, there were some parts of it that he was still yet to understand . However, Shue’s Domain was self-made . In fact, the only difference between a God and a Demigod was their understanding of a Domain . But this understanding was more difficult than once can imagine .

Demigods and gods, if purely based on strength, then they were similar . Their only difference was that one had a formidable Domain while the other didn’t .

 Chapter 718 Comprehending A Domain At this time, the red robed Archbishop bearing the radiant staff began to move . He held his staff up high and muttered an incantation . A ray of light started to cover the Pope, protecting him . Then as the Archbishop bearing the sword of judgement started to attack, he suddenly felt something beside him, this made him immediately dodge to the side . However, he wasn t able to completely dodge the attack . On his left arm were four claw marks . The wound was quite deep, the flesh was gouged out as blood continued to flow . At this time, Berry s form appeared ten meters away from the injured Archbishop . Berry was no longer the gentle woman who was right beside Zhao Hai . Both of her hands were now equipped with foot long nails, sharp to the point of showing cold light . Four of her nails, besides the thumb, in her right hand was now dripping with blood . Berry chuckled tenderly, sounding out as a delightful laughter . However, those who heard it felt their will collapse a little . Then Berry smiled as she held her bloodied hand out and licked it with her long tongue . Her movements completely enticing while at the same time quite dangerous . Zhao Hai discovered that Berry s attack didn t only involve his nails . Her laughter and her movements were actually a type of mental attack . Since mental attacks of the Succubi were formidable, and their control fantastic, this made it hard for their moves to be discovered . If Zhao Hai didn t have stronger spiritual force, then it might be impossible for him to notice it . Zhao Hai was surprised at Berry . He didn t expect her to have this wild side, this astonished him very much . On the other hand, the people from the Radiant Church were very startled . They hadn t felt Berry approach at all . In their opinion, this feat was completely impossible . These people were the strongest experts of the Radiant Church . Otherwise, they wouldn t have been bestowed Divine Artifacts . Because of this, they were very confident in their own strength . They simply couldn t believe that someone was able to bypass their detection and arrive by their side . But how could they know about the powers of the Succubus race, or the fact that Zhao Hai had reached God rank . After all, they were just 9th rank experts . The little lady Succubus continued to chuckle, then her figure disappeared once more . This made the people from the Radiant Church unconsciously take a step back . The Archbishop with the radiant staff couldn t help but increase his protection . At the same time, the Pope also opened his sacred scripture . When Berry attacked the red robed Archbishop, Shue s clones had already eliminated the other 9th ranks of the Radiant Church . Shue s clones held absolute superiority when it came to strength and numbers . The 9th ranks had no chance to retaliate at all . Zhao Hai waved his hand, wrapping the dead 9th ranks and made them into undead . Then Zhao Hai pointed his fingers towards the 8th rank experts before the new undead proceeded to slaughter them . Zhao Hai didn t change the appearances of these undead into skeletons . Instead, he made them into zombies, in other words, he maintained their original faces . This was to make the Radiant Church witness helplessly as their own allies were killing them . This would be a huge impact for these people . These were their allies, friends, and superiors . Having them turn around and kill them caused panic and fear to the victims . In this situation, how could it be possible for the people from the Radiant Church to keep their morale . Additionally, Zhao Hai s 9th rank undead were very strong, it didn t take long before flesh and blood began to splatter around the place . However, Shue had actually met with some trouble . He was now faced against the sword of light . The sword was very strong, able to defeat a thousand axe projections from Shue s clones . After the Pope released another the sword of light, he didn t close his sacred scripture . Instead, he closed muttered an incantation once more, God decrees that everything is just an illusion . One needs to open his eyes to see the truth Just after he muttered those words, a white light appeared on his side, then it slowly transformed into a huge white eye . The eye turned and projected a beam towards the area right behind the Archbishop with the staff . A grunt came as Berry s hand clashed with the light, shattering it . However, this also revealed Berry s form . Then the Archbishop with the sword of judgement immediately moved and swung his sword towards Berry s direction . Berry wanted to turn invisible once more, however, the white eye ejected a beam once more, forcing her to reveal her form . Zhao Hai saw all of these happen but still didn t go forward to help . He knew that he had underestimated these Divine Artifacts . Its possible that these artifacts were no worse than God rank experts, they might even be stronger than average God ranks . No wonder the Dwarves and the other races were able to defeat a God ranked expert using only their three artifacts, these items were truly strong . However, Zhao Hai didn t regret sending Shue and Berry to this fight . Only through battles would these two grow, and will soon develop their own Domain . Shue was now being assaulted by two swords of light . This made him very angry, he didn t think that he would have problems in dealing with some 9th ranks with divine artifacts . This was too shameful, he was losing face for his Young Master . Shue couldn t help but be enraged at this point . He roared and this time, he didn t use a projection of the axe for attack . Instead, he injected his energy into the axe in order to attack . The whole axe turned blood red, shoots of light continued to dance wildly around the axe . With Shue in the center, red light was whistling about in a ten meter surrounding . These weren t projections, all of these was just the aura that was given off by the axe . The two swords of light stabbed into Shue s axe aura . Then an intense clash sounded out . After some time, Shue s figure backed up, his clothes were ripped into two, his skin was wounded in some areas . At the same time, the axe on his hand now had two grain sized holes . But fortunately, the overall damage to the axe was not too serious . However, Zhao Hai noticed the damage . He knew that Shue s axe was built with quality . It shouldn t be too far from a Divine Artifact . It seems like Shue needed a better weapon than this one . When Shue finally disperse the two swords of light, he made a furious roar as he went towards the Pope . The Pope flipped the page on his sacred scripture and said, God decrees that all enemies shall fall into Hell . Unable to be reincarnated Just as his words fell, two big white hands suddenly appeared in the sky, one above Shue and one below . Then the two hands went closer to each other, intending to flatten Shue in between . Shue wanted to move to the side, but discovered that it was impossible for him to move, he seemed to be imprisoned . Shue panicked, he couldn t help but turn his head to Zhao Hai . He hoped to obtain help from his Young Master . However, Zhao Hai stayed put, showing Shue a face full of hope . When Shue saw Zhao Hai s expression, he knew that Zhao Hai didn t want to help him right now . He was hoping that Shue would break through . When he understood Zhao Hai s purpose, Shue s heart couldn t help but shake . Then he screamed violently as the axe in his hand swung around wildly . However, the two big hands seem to be unaffected . More pressure came as Shue s space inside became smaller and smaller . Zhao Hai was now starting to worriedly look at Shue . Although he hoped that Shue would break through, he was still afraid that Shue would get heavily injured . Zhao Hai was thinking that he may have been too impatient . Berry and Shue just became Demigods, so it may be impossible for them to become a God in such a short time . It seems like he had gone too far . After thinking up to this, Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh and prepared to make his move . However, Shue s axe aura suddenly vanished . Shue was just stood there, calmly holding his axe . This made Zhao Hai stare, confused . And at this time, Shue started to swing . The speed of this attack wasn t fast, it can even be described as relatively slow . Every single movement can be seen by the naked eye . However, such a move actually manage to crack the enclosure made by those two big white hands . As the axe chopped, a blood red gas started to wrap Shue s body . Then this gas expanded, getting bigger and bigger, and even bigger as it stopped when it became as large as the Demon Herd s Domain . Then the gas formed into a red sphere, surrounding Shue who was in the center . But this wasn t the end, the red sphere slowly started to take shape . In the end, it turned into the shape of an axe . This was a greataxe, a two bladed axe . Its body was completely blood red, but the edge of the axe was actually golden . This made the greataxe appear even more sharp . When Zhao Hai saw this axe, he couldn t help but laugh . He knew that Shue had finally succeeded, he had finally comprehended his own Domain . Although it was still in its first stage, it was still a very great achievement . At the same time, seeing Shue s process of comprehending a Domain also gave benefits to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai s Domain was directly made by the Space, there were some parts of it that he was still yet to understand . However, Shue s Domain was self made . In fact, the only difference between a God and a Demigod was their understanding of a Domain . But this understanding was more difficult than once can imagine . Demigods and gods, if purely based on strength, then they were similar . Their only difference was that one had a formidable Domain while the other didn t .





* * *





Chapter 719 – Hook!

A Domain is basically a technique in utilizing one’s own ability . At the same time, a God-rank who had a Domain would be able to absorb energy much more efficiently .

This was something that Zhao Hai had found out when he used his Domain . However, he still wasn’t able to convey this information over to Shue and Berry . This was because Zhao Hai didn’t comprehend his own Domain . Shue and Berry can only rely on themselves for this matter .

Every God-rank that comprehended their Domain would be able to more skillfully exercise their strength . An action that made them use all of their strength from before would only take half after getting a Domain . At the same time, their execution time would also be 40 percent quicker compared to before .

The Pope and the others couldn’t help but stare blankly at Shue . They didn’t know what just happened, and why such a thing occurred .

The Pope and the others weren’t God-ranked experts, so their understanding about God-rank wasn’t that much . Since the Divine Race controlled the Radiant Church, then it was naturally for them to restrict crucial information regarding these things . Moreover, the Radiant Church didn’t expect that God-ranks would emerge from the Ark Continent . The situation was just like what Zhao Hai thought . The reason why the Ark Continent wasn’t able to produce God-ranks was due to the machinations done by the Divine Race .

In order to achieve their goal of conquering the Ark Continent, the people from the Divine Realm began to make their preparations after their first failure . They first sealed the passage from the Ark Continent to the Divine Realm . This passage was as old as the laws of the Ark Continent . If one were to look at it, the Ark Continent was a plane that was much lower than the Divine Realm . The strongest people in the Ark Continent were nobodies once placed on the Divine Realm . It was for this exact reason that the Divine Race deemed it proper for them to enslave the people in the Continent . In their view, the higher planes should rule the beings from the lower planes . After all, their strengths and abilities were much stronger in comparison .





However, the people in the Ark Continent didn’t want to be slaves to the Divine Race . Because of this, the natives of the continent decided to band together and resist, making the Divine Race suffer a loss . Being unable to conquer a lower plane was a huge embarrassment to the Divine Race . To make sure that the blunder wouldn’t happen again, the Divine Race started to prepare for their next move in the past tens of thousands of years .

The Divine Race first gathered a lot of strong people in the Divine Realm in order to forcible seal the passage between the two planes . Although it seems like it was just like blocking a road, it still made an impact to the Ark Continent . After the passage was blocked, God-ranked experts can no longer emerge from the Continent .

And to maintain the position of being superior, the Divine Race refrained from telling too much information, even to those faithful to them like the Radiant Church . Because of this, the Pope and the others were ill informed of the rank a step above from them .

Now when they saw Shue’s Domain, even if they couldn’t understand what it was, they could still feel the immense pressure coming from it . This made the three of them more careful .

Compared to the three, Shue was much more relaxed . He felt that his energy absorption has gotten quicker . Moreover, his control over his strength has become more streamlined . At the same time, he was also made aware about how to use his Domain .

Shue felt that his Domain was like a Space of his own . In this space, he can control everything . All attacks coming from outside would be much weaker and all attacks that he made seemed to double in power once used within the Domain .

Shue slightly closed his eyes, understanding his own Domain . This was the Domain that he comprehended himself, so it didn’t take long before Shue understood it completely .





Shue slightly closed his eyes, understanding his own Domain . This was the Domain that he comprehended himself, so it didn’t take long before Shue understood it completely .

Shue opened his eyes and looked at the Pope’s group . He coldly snorted as his hand moved, pointing the blood red greataxe towards them .

The Pope stared for a moment, then he felt that he had been placed in a dangerous situation, he immediately opened his sacred scripture and then chanted, “God decrees that all your attacks shall be withstood by me . All suffering shall be bent by faith!” Then a huge angelic figure appeared in front of the Pope . There was a beastskin belt around its waist and it was completely covered in wounds . At the same time, there was also bloodstains on its clothes, it looked very fierce .

This angelic figure was actually a legend in the Radiant Church . It’s called ‘guardian angel’, it was said that this angel would bear the sufferings of a thousand believers . But in truth, this legend was just an advanced level light magic .

Then the Divine Race established the Radiant Church, they had also taught the light mages modified light magics . These light element spells were mystical, they felt very sacred when used . The sacred feeling was felt whether these spells were made to attack or defend .

This trick has been useful in the past as well as in the present . In the past, people thought of these spells as miracles . Now that the Church had a lot of followers, these magics were always thought to be actions made by the angels, they were made with divine power .

Shue’s axe continued to chop towards that angelic figure . Then the angel went alive, it issued a pained moan as its head split into two . However, that was it, Shue’s axe was stopped, it couldn’t continue on after splitting the angel’s head into two .

Shue stared, then immediately made another attack towards the Pope . At this time, the sword bearing Archbishop rushed over, swinging his sword towards Shue . When Shue’s axe projection hit the sword, both attacks nullified one each other .





Shue stared, then immediately made another attack towards the Pope . At this time, the sword bearing Archbishop rushed over, swinging his sword towards Shue . When Shue’s axe projection hit the sword, both attacks nullified one each other .

Then the Pope opened his mouth and chanted, “God decrees the annihilation of the enemy . All enemies shall be punished . All enemies shall be suppressed . All enemies shall be subjected to the punishment of light!” Then when his voice fell, a blinding light suddenly came from the sacred scripture . This light was brighter than the sun, one couldn’t help but close their eyes upon being subjected to the glare .

Shue couldn’t help but block his eyes as well . On the other hand, Berry called out in alarm . Then after judging the situation, the Pope immediately said, “Deal with the Succubus first . Then we’ll deal with the axe wielding man . ”

The two Archbishops immediately made their moves . Their bodies almost flashing towards Berry . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but change his expression upon seeing this . He knew that Berry had suffered some wounds . This was because light magic had an innate strength against Demonic beings . And the recent attack was the sacred scriptures light magic .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t make his move . He knew that if he helped Berry right now, then she would forever be unable to comprehend a Domain . Because of this, Zhao Hai continued to stand there .

Berry saw the two Archbishops coming over and couldn’t help but stare for a moment . Then she quickly moved and clashed towards a red robed Archbishop . At the same time, Shue also sent an attack towards the Pope, intending to lessen the burden placed on Berry .

However, it seems like the three people of the Radiant Church had their tunnel vision towards Berry . Even though Shue had made an attack, they still went straight towards Berry, making her fall into an unprecedented crisis .

Zhao Hai prepared himself to move at any time, but still decided to stay his hand . This was Berry’s most critical time . People can break through at a moment of life and death . If she misses this opportunity, then Berry might find it difficult to develop her own Domain .



However, it seems like the three people of the Radiant Church had their tunnel vision towards Berry . Even though Shue had made an attack, they still went straight towards Berry, making her fall into an unprecedented crisis .

Zhao Hai prepared himself to move at any time, but still decided to stay his hand . This was Berry’s most critical time . People can break through at a moment of life and death . If she misses this opportunity, then Berry might find it difficult to develop her own Domain .

Berry’s body had already reached the state of being able to comprehend a Domain . The only thing that she lacks was the opportunity to do so . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to give Berry this opportunity to face life and death .

Actually, before this moment, Berry knew that nothing would happen to her . She believed that Zhao Hai wouldn’t allow to have her be injured . This kind of thinking became a barrier to her breakthrough . Only when she comprehends a Domain would she get away from being a Demigod and become a Full God .

When the three people from the Radiant Church started to aggressively attack, Berry suddenly forgot Zhao Hai, she forgot about everything . The only thing in her mind right now was how to evade the Pope and the other two’s attacks as well as how to counter . At this moment, Berry’s Demonic blood finally activated, restoring her true Demon nature .

Under everyone’s gazes, Berry’s appearance suddenly turned pale before she vanished from sight . The Pope and the two Archbishops couldn’t help but stare upon seeing this happening . Then the furiously roared and attacked Berry’s original position . However, the only thing that they hit was thin air, nothing else .

The moment Berry vanished, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but faintly smile . Then he closed his eyes and sank his divine sense towards the small figure on his upper dantian . Then the eyes of the small Zhao Hai opened, his hair waved calmly as he released a formidable spiritual fluctuation all around Zhao Hai’s body . Then everything was made clear, when those fluctuations returned . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk at what he saw, it was actually a siege hook!

Right, a siege hook, one that was used to climb walls . This fly hook was looked more formidable than the ordinary fly hooks that Zhao Hai saw back in ancient times . There were five fingers on this hook, they were no bigger than a person’s finger . From what Zhao Hai can see, it seems like this hook was modeled after Berry’s hand .

 Chapter 719 Hook A Domain is basically a technique in utilizing one s own ability . At the same time, a God rank who had a Domain would be able to absorb energy much more efficiently . This was something that Zhao Hai had found out when he used his Domain . However, he still wasn t able to convey this information over to Shue and Berry . This was because Zhao Hai didn t comprehend his own Domain . Shue and Berry can only rely on themselves for this matter . Every God rank that comprehended their Domain would be able to more skillfully exercise their strength . An action that made them use all of their strength from before would only take half after getting a Domain . At the same time, their execution time would also be 40 percent quicker compared to before . The Pope and the others couldn t help but stare blankly at Shue . They didn t know what just happened, and why such a thing occurred . The Pope and the others weren t God ranked experts, so their understanding about God rank wasn t that much . Since the Divine Race controlled the Radiant Church, then it was naturally for them to restrict crucial information regarding these things . Moreover, the Radiant Church didn t expect that God ranks would emerge from the Ark Continent . The situation was just like what Zhao Hai thought . The reason why the Ark Continent wasn t able to produce God ranks was due to the machinations done by the Divine Race . In order to achieve their goal of conquering the Ark Continent, the people from the Divine Realm began to make their preparations after their first failure . They first sealed the passage from the Ark Continent to the Divine Realm . This passage was as old as the laws of the Ark Continent . If one were to look at it, the Ark Continent was a plane that was much lower than the Divine Realm . The strongest people in the Ark Continent were nobodies once placed on the Divine Realm . It was for this exact reason that the Divine Race deemed it proper for them to enslave the people in the Continent . In their view, the higher planes should rule the beings from the lower planes . After all, their strengths and abilities were much stronger in comparison . However, the people in the Ark Continent didn t want to be slaves to the Divine Race . Because of this, the natives of the continent decided to band together and resist, making the Divine Race suffer a loss . Being unable to conquer a lower plane was a huge embarrassment to the Divine Race . To make sure that the blunder wouldn t happen again, the Divine Race started to prepare for their next move in the past tens of thousands of years . The Divine Race first gathered a lot of strong people in the Divine Realm in order to forcible seal the passage between the two planes . Although it seems like it was just like blocking a road, it still made an impact to the Ark Continent . After the passage was blocked, God ranked experts can no longer emerge from the Continent . And to maintain the position of being superior, the Divine Race refrained from telling too much information, even to those faithful to them like the Radiant Church . Because of this, the Pope and the others were ill informed of the rank a step above from them . Now when they saw Shue s Domain, even if they couldn t understand what it was, they could still feel the immense pressure coming from it . This made the three of them more careful . Compared to the three, Shue was much more relaxed . He felt that his energy absorption has gotten quicker . Moreover, his control over his strength has become more streamlined . At the same time, he was also made aware about how to use his Domain . Shue felt that his Domain was like a Space of his own . In this space, he can control everything . All attacks coming from outside would be much weaker and all attacks that he made seemed to double in power once used within the Domain . Shue slightly closed his eyes, understanding his own Domain . This was the Domain that he comprehended himself, so it didn t take long before Shue understood it completely . Shue opened his eyes and looked at the Pope s group . He coldly snorted as his hand moved, pointing the blood red greataxe towards them . The Pope stared for a moment, then he felt that he had been placed in a dangerous situation, he immediately opened his sacred scripture and then chanted, God decrees that all your attacks shall be withstood by me . All suffering shall be bent by faith Then a huge angelic figure appeared in front of the Pope . There was a beastskin belt around its waist and it was completely covered in wounds . At the same time, there was also bloodstains on its clothes, it looked very fierce . This angelic figure was actually a legend in the Radiant Church . It s called guardian angel , it was said that this angel would bear the sufferings of a thousand believers . But in truth, this legend was just an advanced level light magic . Then the Divine Race established the Radiant Church, they had also taught the light mages modified light magics . These light element spells were mystical, they felt very sacred when used . The sacred feeling was felt whether these spells were made to attack or defend . This trick has been useful in the past as well as in the present . In the past, people thought of these spells as miracles . Now that the Church had a lot of followers, these magics were always thought to be actions made by the angels, they were made with divine power . Shue s axe continued to chop towards that angelic figure . Then the angel went alive, it issued a pained moan as its head split into two . However, that was it, Shue s axe was stopped, it couldn t continue on after splitting the angel s head into two . Shue stared, then immediately made another attack towards the Pope . At this time, the sword bearing Archbishop rushed over, swinging his sword towards Shue . When Shue s axe projection hit the sword, both attacks nullified one each other . Then the Pope opened his mouth and chanted, God decrees the annihilation of the enemy . All enemies shall be punished . All enemies shall be suppressed . All enemies shall be subjected to the punishment of light Then when his voice fell, a blinding light suddenly came from the sacred scripture . This light was brighter than the sun, one couldn t help but close their eyes upon being subjected to the glare . Shue couldn t help but block his eyes as well . On the other hand, Berry called out in alarm . Then after judging the situation, the Pope immediately said, Deal with the Succubus first . Then we ll deal with the axe wielding man . The two Archbishops immediately made their moves . Their bodies almost flashing towards Berry . Zhao Hai couldn t help but change his expression upon seeing this . He knew that Berry had suffered some wounds . This was because light magic had an innate strength against Demonic beings . And the recent attack was the sacred scriptures light magic . However, Zhao Hai didn t make his move . He knew that if he helped Berry right now, then she would forever be unable to comprehend a Domain . Because of this, Zhao Hai continued to stand there . Berry saw the two Archbishops coming over and couldn t help but stare for a moment . Then she quickly moved and clashed towards a red robed Archbishop . At the same time, Shue also sent an attack towards the Pope, intending to lessen the burden placed on Berry . However, it seems like the three people of the Radiant Church had their tunnel vision towards Berry . Even though Shue had made an attack, they still went straight towards Berry, making her fall into an unprecedented crisis . Zhao Hai prepared himself to move at any time, but still decided to stay his hand . This was Berry s most critical time . People can break through at a moment of life and death . If she misses this opportunity, then Berry might find it difficult to develop her own Domain . Berry s body had already reached the state of being able to comprehend a Domain . The only thing that she lacks was the opportunity to do so . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to give Berry this opportunity to face life and death . Actually, before this moment, Berry knew that nothing would happen to her . She believed that Zhao Hai wouldn t allow to have her be injured . This kind of thinking became a barrier to her breakthrough . Only when she comprehends a Domain would she get away from being a Demigod and become a Full God . When the three people from the Radiant Church started to aggressively attack, Berry suddenly forgot Zhao Hai, she forgot about everything . The only thing in her mind right now was how to evade the Pope and the other two s attacks as well as how to counter . At this moment, Berry s Demonic blood finally activated, restoring her true Demon nature . Under everyone s gazes, Berry s appearance suddenly turned pale before she vanished from sight . The Pope and the two Archbishops couldn t help but stare upon seeing this happening . Then the furiously roared and attacked Berry s original position . However, the only thing that they hit was thin air, nothing else . The moment Berry vanished, Zhao Hai couldn t help but faintly smile . Then he closed his eyes and sank his divine sense towards the small figure on his upper dantian . Then the eyes of the small Zhao Hai opened, his hair waved calmly as he released a formidable spiritual fluctuation all around Zhao Hai s body . Then everything was made clear, when those fluctuations returned . Zhao Hai couldn t help but gawk at what he saw, it was actually a siege hook Right, a siege hook, one that was used to climb walls . This fly hook was looked more formidable than the ordinary fly hooks that Zhao Hai saw back in ancient times . There were five fingers on this hook, they were no bigger than a person s finger . From what Zhao Hai can see, it seems like this hook was modeled after Berry s hand .





* * *





Chapter 720 – Divine Race Arrives

The giant hook had a rope with it . This rope was made out of innumerable filaments that looked like hair, they looked terrifying .

Zhao Hai slowly withdrew his divine sense . He understood that this hook was just like Shue’s greataxe, it was Berry’s Domain .

Berry’s Domain looks like it had three functions . First was providing her with stealth . Moreover, compared to general stealth ability, her Domain seemed to provide a higher level stealth . Even light magic wasn’t able to break this Domain .

The second function was possibly to pull the enemies over . Otherwise, the hook wouldn’t have this form . However, Zhao Hai was also sure that there were more to it than pulling enemies over .

The third function seemed to be a mental attack . The rope on the hook looks like Berry’s hair, making Zhao Hai think that it would make mental attacks .

And just as Zhao Hai thought about it, the giant hook went flying and grabbed onto the shields of the Pope and the other two . When the hook reached two shields, the shields immediately shattered . However, when it came to the third layer, the hook got deflected . This was largely due to the staff bearing Archbishop to being very careful . Without the extra shields, the Pope’s group would’ve already been killed .





The Pope’s group couldn’t help but cry out in alarm . They didn’t know what happened, but they saw that two of their shields had just shattered . But then, they immediately thought of Berry’s abilities . They knew that Berry was capable of stealth, so this hidden attack should have come from her .

However, they were still yet to find even Berry’s shadow . The Archbishop with the radiant staff just made a few more protections around them, providing them with additional support . At this time, Shue moved .

Shue has been paying attention to the Pope and the others’ movements . When he saw Berry vanish, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment . Then he immediately smashed their layers of protection . Right now, there was only a single layer of protection left for the Pope and the others .

Berry didn’t let this opportunity go . She grasped the rope and threw it towards the Pope and the others, entangling them in the process .

At this time, Zhao Hai discovered that the three people from the Radiant Church were staying still, just looking blankly in the distance . They weren’t any different from clay or wooden statues .

Zhao Hai understood that these three people had been enthralled inside Berry’s mental attack . They weren’t even thinking about their battle with Shue and Berry, they didn’t move a step .

Zhao Hai was already aware that Berry and Shue had won . Although their three enemies had three divine artifacts, the artifacts were already deemed useless . After all, they were only artifacts, they weren’t real and independent God-rank experts . Because of this, even them were unable to leave Berry’s mental attack .

Under Zhao Hai’s sight, Berry held her hook and gently attached on the last layer of the Pope’s shield . Then she gripped her hook tightly as she made a final pull to break the Pope’s last shield .





Under Zhao Hai’s sight, Berry held her hook and gently attached on the last layer of the Pope’s shield . Then she gripped her hook tightly as she made a final pull to break the Pope’s last shield .

The just as Berry was about to grasp the Pope’s head, proceeding to kill him, a while light suddenly appeared from the sacred scripture . This stopped the attack while at the same time, awakening the Pope and the two Archbishops .

At the same time, Shue sent several axe projections towards the Pope . And even if the Pope’s group didn’t respond, the sword of judgement suddenly separated itself from the red robed Archbishop and proceeded to block all of Shue’s attack .

After blocking the attacks, the radiant staff also flew up and released a lot of defensive shields all around the Pope’s group . This made the Pope’s group stare at the sudden change . However, they immediately turned ecstatic . As they opened their hands to receive the divine artifact, an archaic voice suddenly came, “Those who attack the servants of the Divine Race shall receive punishment!”

Berry and the others turned towards the direction where the voice came from . Then from the newly descended land, an old person with white robes suddenly appeared . Both the beard and hair of this person was all white . This made him look like a wise old sage .

Berry and Shue became startled, they knew that this was certainly a person from the Divine Realm . This person appearing wasn’t good for them . Their plan to eliminate the Radiant Church has just been placed into disarray .

The Pope’s group were overjoyed, they immediately knelt down and said, “We’ve seen the sacred master . Your loyal servants give their best regards . ”

The Divine Race person seemed to ignore the greeting of the Pope’s group, he just nodded and said, “Get up, useless things . You really can’t do things well, but since we can’t do it without your effort, then I shall save your lives today . ”





The Divine Race person seemed to ignore the greeting of the Pope’s group, he just nodded and said, “Get up, useless things . You really can’t do things well, but since we can’t do it without your effort, then I shall save your lives today . ”

As soon as the old man finished speaking, he suddenly heard a sneer, “Still daring to recklessly boast . They are already monkeys in the cage, and you still dare to guarantee their safety . I want to kill them today, let’s see if you have the ability to stop that . ”

This made the people stare, then they turned to Zhao Hai . Shue and Berry’s figures moved and returned to Zhao Hai’s side . On the other hand, the old man actually gawked, he looked startled towards Zhao Hai’s direction .

Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race person and then coldly snorted, “I completely hate you Divine Race people . You still had the gall to be proud even if you haven’t stepped a foot on the Ark Continent . I am going to kill these three today, you want to stop me? Then try it!”

The old Divine Race person’s eyes flashed a cold light . He returned with a cold snort and said, “Good, good . I didn’t think that the Ark Continent would actually have God-rank experts . Also, even if we haven’t reached the Ark Continent, then how does that matter? I can still command the divine scripture, radiant staff, and sword of justice to attack you . Just by your own strength, it would be impossible for you to block out attack . Do you dare to meet my attack?”

Zhao Hai replied, “Then try it . I will certainly kill those three today, turning them into my own undead . At the same time, i shall also snatch your divine artifacts away . ”

The old man got angry, he said, “Arrogant! Ignorant and arrogant! You actually dared to disrespect this God . Suffer death!” Then he waved his hand as the sacred scripture opened up and released a sword of light towards Zhao Hai . At the same time, the radiant staff also gave of a dazzling white light, beaming an offensive light spell towards Zhao Hai . Then the sword moved forward to attack . The path of the sword of judgement was quite peculiar . It actually made a huge arc, intending to attack Zhao Hai’s back .

These three attacks weren’t simple . The sword of light that came out of the sacred scripture was an overbearing attack . Moreover, in addition to being overbearing, it also exerted pressure . The pressure was akin to an attack by a God-rank expert .

The offensive light magic was a soul attack, it was very formidable . And finally, the sword of judgement was quite peculiar . Even if one can see it, it was extremely silent . Other than sight, no other sense was able to feel it .



These three attacks weren’t simple . The sword of light that came out of the sacred scripture was an overbearing attack . Moreover, in addition to being overbearing, it also exerted pressure . The pressure was akin to an attack by a God-rank expert .

The offensive light magic was a soul attack, it was very formidable . And finally, the sword of judgement was quite peculiar . Even if one can see it, it was extremely silent . Other than sight, no other sense was able to feel it .

If an average person were to meet this attack, then they would definitely be caught off guard . However, Zhao Hai wasn’t a simple person . He didn’t take these attacks seriously, then he suddenly said, “Thunder!”

Then nine beams of lightning came out, clashing with the attack made by the radiant staff, eradicating it in the process . Then Zhao Hai continued, “Mountain!”

A huge mountain suddenly appeared in front of Zhao Hai, blocking the sword of light . Although the sword of light managed to make a huge hole in the mountain, it was still stopped .

Then Zhao Hai said, “Swamp!”

The word caused a huge swamp to appear behind him . This swamp didn’t look anything special, but when the sword of judgement collided with it, it seemed to be mired in a sticky web . Its speed got slower and slower before finally stopping in place .

Zhao Hai waved his hand as the three artifacts was pulled over to his body . The three artifacts didn’t have enough time to run as they were immediately grasped by Zhao Hai . Just as they struggled, Zhao Hai immediately threw the three artifacts towards the Space . Upon absorbing the three artifacts, the Space quickly issued a prompt . “Items with light energy detected . First item is an evil extinguishing book . The second item is a sacred staff . The third item is evil executing sword . Virus program detected in each of these items, negatively affecting their performance . Removing the virus, virus removed successfully . Extracting light energy from the three items . All light element robots in the Space have now been upgraded to God-rank . The three artifacts has been integrated to the Blood Ghost Staff . Host can now judge a person, allowing the host’s marked target to receive 50% more damage . Host’s light magic has been increased by 50%!”

Zhao Hai listened to this prompt with a blank expression . He couldn’t respond to the influx of information . He didn’t expect this result, it was completely out of his expectations . The light-element undead had actually become God-rank . This was extremely good, this was because he had a lot of light-element undead!

 Chapter 720 Divine Race Arrives The giant hook had a rope with it . This rope was made out of innumerable filaments that looked like hair, they looked terrifying . Zhao Hai slowly withdrew his divine sense . He understood that this hook was just like Shue s greataxe, it was Berry s Domain . Berry s Domain looks like it had three functions . First was providing her with stealth . Moreover, compared to general stealth ability, her Domain seemed to provide a higher level stealth . Even light magic wasn t able to break this Domain . The second function was possibly to pull the enemies over . Otherwise, the hook wouldn t have this form . However, Zhao Hai was also sure that there were more to it than pulling enemies over . The third function seemed to be a mental attack . The rope on the hook looks like Berry s hair, making Zhao Hai think that it would make mental attacks . And just as Zhao Hai thought about it, the giant hook went flying and grabbed onto the shields of the Pope and the other two . When the hook reached two shields, the shields immediately shattered . However, when it came to the third layer, the hook got deflected . This was largely due to the staff bearing Archbishop to being very careful . Without the extra shields, the Pope s group would ve already been killed . The Pope s group couldn t help but cry out in alarm . They didn t know what happened, but they saw that two of their shields had just shattered . But then, they immediately thought of Berry s abilities . They knew that Berry was capable of stealth, so this hidden attack should have come from her . However, they were still yet to find even Berry s shadow . The Archbishop with the radiant staff just made a few more protections around them, providing them with additional support . At this time, Shue moved . Shue has been paying attention to the Pope and the others movements . When he saw Berry vanish, he couldn t help but stare for a moment . Then he immediately smashed their layers of protection . Right now, there was only a single layer of protection left for the Pope and the others . Berry didn t let this opportunity go . She grasped the rope and threw it towards the Pope and the others, entangling them in the process . At this time, Zhao Hai discovered that the three people from the Radiant Church were staying still, just looking blankly in the distance . They weren t any different from clay or wooden statues . Zhao Hai understood that these three people had been enthralled inside Berry s mental attack . They weren t even thinking about their battle with Shue and Berry, they didn t move a step . Zhao Hai was already aware that Berry and Shue had won . Although their three enemies had three divine artifacts, the artifacts were already deemed useless . After all, they were only artifacts, they weren t real and independent God rank experts . Because of this, even them were unable to leave Berry s mental attack . Under Zhao Hai s sight, Berry held her hook and gently attached on the last layer of the Pope s shield . Then she gripped her hook tightly as she made a final pull to break the Pope s last shield . The just as Berry was about to grasp the Pope s head, proceeding to kill him, a while light suddenly appeared from the sacred scripture . This stopped the attack while at the same time, awakening the Pope and the two Archbishops . At the same time, Shue sent several axe projections towards the Pope . And even if the Pope s group didn t respond, the sword of judgement suddenly separated itself from the red robed Archbishop and proceeded to block all of Shue s attack . After blocking the attacks, the radiant staff also flew up and released a lot of defensive shields all around the Pope s group . This made the Pope s group stare at the sudden change . However, they immediately turned ecstatic . As they opened their hands to receive the divine artifact, an archaic voice suddenly came, Those who attack the servants of the Divine Race shall receive punishment Berry and the others turned towards the direction where the voice came from . Then from the newly descended land, an old person with white robes suddenly appeared . Both the beard and hair of this person was all white . This made him look like a wise old sage . Berry and Shue became startled, they knew that this was certainly a person from the Divine Realm . This person appearing wasn t good for them . Their plan to eliminate the Radiant Church has just been placed into disarray . The Pope s group were overjoyed, they immediately knelt down and said, We ve seen the sacred master . Your loyal servants give their best regards . The Divine Race person seemed to ignore the greeting of the Pope s group, he just nodded and said, Get up, useless things . You really can t do things well, but since we can t do it without your effort, then I shall save your lives today . As soon as the old man finished speaking, he suddenly heard a sneer, Still daring to recklessly boast . They are already monkeys in the cage, and you still dare to guarantee their safety . I want to kill them today, let s see if you have the ability to stop that . This made the people stare, then they turned to Zhao Hai . Shue and Berry s figures moved and returned to Zhao Hai s side . On the other hand, the old man actually gawked, he looked startled towards Zhao Hai s direction . Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race person and then coldly snorted, I completely hate you Divine Race people . You still had the gall to be proud even if you haven t stepped a foot on the Ark Continent . I am going to kill these three today, you want to stop me Then try it The old Divine Race person s eyes flashed a cold light . He returned with a cold snort and said, Good, good . I didn t think that the Ark Continent would actually have God rank experts . Also, even if we haven t reached the Ark Continent, then how does that matter I can still command the divine scripture, radiant staff, and sword of justice to attack you . Just by your own strength, it would be impossible for you to block out attack . Do you dare to meet my attack Zhao Hai replied, Then try it . I will certainly kill those three today, turning them into my own undead . At the same time, i shall also snatch your divine artifacts away . The old man got angry, he said, Arrogant Ignorant and arrogant You actually dared to disrespect this God . Suffer death Then he waved his hand as the sacred scripture opened up and released a sword of light towards Zhao Hai . At the same time, the radiant staff also gave of a dazzling white light, beaming an offensive light spell towards Zhao Hai . Then the sword moved forward to attack . The path of the sword of judgement was quite peculiar . It actually made a huge arc, intending to attack Zhao Hai s back . These three attacks weren t simple . The sword of light that came out of the sacred scripture was an overbearing attack . Moreover, in addition to being overbearing, it also exerted pressure . The pressure was akin to an attack by a God rank expert . The offensive light magic was a soul attack, it was very formidable . And finally, the sword of judgement was quite peculiar . Even if one can see it, it was extremely silent . Other than sight, no other sense was able to feel it . If an average person were to meet this attack, then they would definitely be caught off guard . However, Zhao Hai wasn t a simple person . He didn t take these attacks seriously, then he suddenly said, Thunder Then nine beams of lightning came out, clashing with the attack made by the radiant staff, eradicating it in the process . Then Zhao Hai continued, Mountain A huge mountain suddenly appeared in front of Zhao Hai, blocking the sword of light . Although the sword of light managed to make a huge hole in the mountain, it was still stopped . Then Zhao Hai said, Swamp The word caused a huge swamp to appear behind him . This swamp didn t look anything special, but when the sword of judgement collided with it, it seemed to be mired in a sticky web . Its speed got slower and slower before finally stopping in place . Zhao Hai waved his hand as the three artifacts was pulled over to his body . The three artifacts didn t have enough time to run as they were immediately grasped by Zhao Hai . Just as they struggled, Zhao Hai immediately threw the three artifacts towards the Space . Upon absorbing the three artifacts, the Space quickly issued a prompt . Items with light energy detected . First item is an evil extinguishing book . The second item is a sacred staff . The third item is evil executing sword . Virus program detected in each of these items, negatively affecting their performance . Removing the virus, virus removed successfully . Extracting light energy from the three items . All light element robots in the Space have now been upgraded to God rank . The three artifacts has been integrated to the Blood Ghost Staff . Host can now judge a person, allowing the host s marked target to receive 50 more damage . Host s light magic has been increased by 50 Zhao Hai listened to this prompt with a blank expression . He couldn t respond to the influx of information . He didn t expect this result, it was completely out of his expectations . The light element undead had actually become God rank . This was extremely good, this was because he had a lot of light element undead





* * *





Chapter 721 – Using the Trigram

Zhao Hai had clashed with the Radiant Church in many instances . Although not everyone in the church were light mages, they still held the majority of light mages and light attributed warriors . Additionally, Zhao Hai also killed a lot of magic beasts who had an innate talent in the element of light .

From the moment they were born, the bodies of the residents in the Ark Continent had their own attribute . Let’s take Meg, for example, she had the water attribute, so she was well suited to studying water magic . Therefore, there were quite a few people and beasts who had the light attribute . And some of them weren’t under the Radiant Church .

If Zhao Hai’s calculations were correct, then all of the light element undead that the Space had numbered almost 10 thousand . In other words, he now had the same number of God-rank undead .

However, after asking Cai’er, he knew that these God-rank experts were only Demigods . This was because they had no Domain . Unlike the 500 God-rank Assassins who was actually found out to have their own Domain .

Zhao Hai was confused about this in the beginning . However, he changed his mind when he began to understand . These God-ranked Assassins were brought up because of Shiying . Shiying himself had his own Domain, so this achievement had also manifested on the 500 undead Assassins . On the other hand, although the three artifacts were formidable, they were still artifacts in the end, unable to manifest a Domain . Because of this, the light element undead weren’t able to have a Domain .

After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh . The Space was indeed quite rigid . When talking about fighting strength, three 9th ranks with divine artifacts weren’t any worse than Shiying, they might even be stronger . However, since they were artifacts and not people, the artifacts themselves were unable to establish a Domain . Because of this, the Space only extracted their strength and upgraded the undead, it didn’t bother itself with giving the undead a Domain .

However, Zhao Hai was still quite satisfied . No matter what, the Space now had 10 thousand God-ranked undead, about 1 out of a thousand undead were now God-rank . This made Zhao Hai smile . One must know that people with light element attributes were quite rare in the continent . If he hadn’t exterminated the Radiant Church, then he wouldn’t have this many God-rank undead .





But to be honest, Zhao Hai’s true happiness wasn’t because of this matter, it was actually about the usage of the Dao Lotus . The Dao Lotus was extremely wonderful, it can attack, defend, help in absorbing energy, and even help in comprehending the Heavens . This was truly a top class treasure . However, Zhao Hai’s understanding of the Dao Lotus was just limited, he hadn’t even understood half of it .

The three characters that he had shouted before were actually about the eight trigrams: thunder, mountain, and water! The eight trigrams is separated into eight sections, Heaven(Tiān), Swamp(De), Fire(Huǒ), Thunder(Léi), Wind(Fēng), Water(Shuǐ), Mountain(Shān), Earth(Dì) .

When Zhao Hai acquired the power of the Dao Lotus, he also acquired the method of using the trigram . Using the trigram was quite convenient, as long as Zhao Hai says the character, then he would immediately get the corresponding knowledge in order to execute it . Moreover, each character’s might was very formidable . Zhao Hai only used three characters in order to block the attacks of three Divine Artifacts, this was hard evidence towards the formidability of the trigram .

After experiencing how strong the trigram was, Zhao Hai was now more confident regarding his own capabilities . With the help of the trigram, Zhao Hai was assured that he wouldn’t be any worse than any expert from the Divine Race .

Zhao Hai was now very clear about how fierce the trigram was . If hadn’t used the trigram and only depended on his strength, the most he could do was to block the three divine artifacts, nothing else . Now that he had used the trigram, not only was he able to block the attacks, he was even able to capture the artifacts . For Zhao Hai, this was definitely a good result .

Contrasting Zhao Hai’s happy harvest, the old Divine Race man didn’t know how to react . He didn’t expect that their side would actually lose three divine artifacts!

One must know that even in the Divine Realm, divine artifacts were still quite rare! In fact, what Iron Hammer told Zhao Hai before had some mistakes . Iron Hammer said that the Divine Race was strong, this was true, however, Iron Hammer didn’t elaborate the fact that divine artifacts with their own spirits were also very rare . Artifacts with artifact spirits were also deemed to be on the top of the item echelon in the Divine Realm . Otherwise, the ancestors of the three major races wouldn’t have entrusted their race’s fate to Iron Hammer and the others . And if those kinds of Divine Artifacts were quite common, then the Divine Realm wouldn’t have been ruled by the Divine Race, but instead, by the Divine Artifacts!

The three artifacts that the Divine Race had sent to the Radiant Church was meant to resist Iron Hammer and the others . However, since Iron Hammer and the others were injured, the Radiant Church managed to suppress their races quite easily without any intervention from the races’ divine protectors . Because of this, an issue appeared on the Radiant Church, the succeeding generations actually forgot the initial purpose of the three artifacts . This caused them to worship these artifacts, using them as little as possible . The Radiant Church had become unskilled in using the artifacts . In the end, the Radiant Church wasn’t able to eliminate the other races and just continued to suppress them .

The Divine Race’s appearance in the rift as well as their modification of the laws didn’t come without a price . The land that descended actually had a protective shield . This shield wasn’t used to guard against the people from the Ark Continent, instead, this shield was used in order to prevent any damages to the land as it fell down towards the Ark Continent . The shield was too formidable that it actually saved the falling land from being destroyed .





The Divine Race’s appearance in the rift as well as their modification of the laws didn’t come without a price . The land that descended actually had a protective shield . This shield wasn’t used to guard against the people from the Ark Continent, instead, this shield was used in order to prevent any damages to the land as it fell down towards the Ark Continent . The shield was too formidable that it actually saved the falling land from being destroyed .

However, because this shield was too formidable, the Divine Race couldn’t just forcibly remove it, making it impossible for them to invade the Ark Continent immediately . Only after seven days, when the new land gets stable would they be able to proceed with their invasion . Aside from their Divine Sense, the Divine Race were unable to enter the Ark Continent .

This flaw gave Zhao Hai a huge advantage . The Divine Race person had underestimated Zhao Hai, he expected that he could just command the divine artifacts with his Divine Sense in order to kill Zhao Hai . He didn’t anticipate that the other party would actually take the divine artifacts for himself .

When he felt that his connection to the divine artifacts were severed, the Divine Race person couldn’t help but be angry as he loudly shouted, “Brat, you dare! Return those artifacts immediately, or else, I shall shred you to bits!”

ZHao Hai gave a cold smile and said, “If you have the ability, then come . In the meantime, I shall be dealing with your dogs . ” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as a giant palm appeared and grabbed towards the Pope .

The Pope was surprised, he sidestepped the attack as he muttered an incantation, giving himself a protective light element shield .

However, even if he was fast, Zhao Hai’s giant palm was faster . Just as the Pope made his move, Zhao Hai’s hand already captured him . And with zero delay, the hand clenched itself, completely crushing the Pope’s whole body . After a short and pitiful squeak, the Pope had turned into a pile of mush .

After that, Zhao Hai threw the Pope’s body towards the Space . He wanted to see whether the Pope can still be turned into undead or not .

He can! Although the bones had been crushed, the Pope was still turned into an undead This was due to the two requirements of making an undead, one was the flesh and blood, and the other was the soul . The soul, flesh, and bones were just materials in making undead . One could compare it to making a sword where you need to use iron, fire, and hammer . The bone was like iron, the flesh and blood was fire, and the hammering was like the magic spell . Even if the iron was broken, it can still be merged together, and as long as there was fire and a hammer, then the sword can still be made .





He can! Although the bones had been crushed, the Pope was still turned into an undead This was due to the two requirements of making an undead, one was the flesh and blood, and the other was the soul . The soul, flesh, and bones were just materials in making undead . One could compare it to making a sword where you need to use iron, fire, and hammer . The bone was like iron, the flesh and blood was fire, and the hammering was like the magic spell . Even if the iron was broken, it can still be merged together, and as long as there was fire and a hammer, then the sword can still be made .

Upon seeing this, Zhao Hai didn’t become polite, he immediately did the same to the two red-robed Archbishops, then turning them into undead creatures .

The person from the Divine Realm had a pale complexion as he looked at Zhao Hai’s actions . He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have this much courage . He actually dared to kill he people of the Radiant Church in front of the Divine Race’s eyes .

One shouldn’t just look at how the Divine Race treats the Radiant Church . Although they were seen as dogs, the Divine Race was still very satisfied with the church’s work . After all, the Divine Race wouldn’t be able to break through the space and change the continent’s laws without the help of the Radiant Church . He just promised the Pope’s group that he would save their lives . However, Zhao Hai was still able to kill them, for the Divine Race, this was an absolute shame .

After looking at the Divine Race person’s complexion, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly, “Divine Realm friend, I had always been waiting for your arrival in the Ark Continent . In fact, I already prepared a lot for this to happen . However, the Demons suddenly appeared, this derailed my plan . This should have derailed your plan as well . At this point, we are in the same starting line . As long as your people arrive in the Continent, then I will immediately have you pay for the lives of the people in the Ocean Waves Dynasty . I’m very hoping for your quick arrival, I can’t wait to kill several people from the Divine Race . ”

The Divine Race old man looked at Zhao Hai, and with clenched teeth he retorted, “Just you wait . When we arrive in the continent, I shall personally remove your bones one by one . I shall then go to your family and then feed them to the dogs!”

Zhao Hai looked at the old man and then coldly smiled, “I’ll be waiting for you . Don’t disappoint me . ” Then he brought Shue and Berry along with him as they turned around and leisurely walked back to the continent, purposefully making the old man’s eyes turn red .

But what this Divine Race person didn’t see was Zhao Hai’s pale face just as he turned around . This didn’t signify that he was afraid of the Divine Race, nor was it because he had a hard fight with them . On the contrary, he was very satisfied with today’s result . Berry and Shue were able to comprehend a Domain, and he even managed to acquire ten thousand God-ranked undead as well as three divine artifacts . Today truly brought him a great harvest .

The reason for Zhao Hai’s ugly expression was because of anger, he was raging at the Divine Race . These people simply didn’t see the residents of the Ark Continent as people . Their arrival in the continent showed how they regarded the people of the continent . Compared to the Demons, it seemed like they were much worse .

Zhao Hai had an understanding regarding the Demon Race . He knew that the Demons lived with the rule of the jungle . The weak could only be either food or slaves, nothing else . But this characteristic made it sure that they wouldn’t just wantonly kill people . After all, an alive slave was much better than a dead one .



The reason for Zhao Hai’s ugly expression was because of anger, he was raging at the Divine Race . These people simply didn’t see the residents of the Ark Continent as people . Their arrival in the continent showed how they regarded the people of the continent . Compared to the Demons, it seemed like they were much worse .

Zhao Hai had an understanding regarding the Demon Race . He knew that the Demons lived with the rule of the jungle . The weak could only be either food or slaves, nothing else . But this characteristic made it sure that they wouldn’t just wantonly kill people . After all, an alive slave was much better than a dead one .

Although the Demon Race’s final goal was acquiring the Ark Continent and killing every single resident inside it, Zhao Hai discovered from their actions tens of thousands of years ago that this was might not be the case .

From the nature of the Demon Race, they would surely change their mind . It was possible that they didn’t want to eliminate everyone inside the Ark Continent, they also want to rule the place .

On the other hand, with how the Divine Race sees the people of the Continent, they would absolutely not be lenient . This can be seen in their previous action . In order to make their target, the Divine Race actually made the Radiant Church sacrifice an entire country’s worth of people . If the Divine Race were to use this mentality in dealing with the Ark Continent, then the residents surely wouldn’t be able to live proper lives .

When Berry and Shue saw Zhao Hai’s expression, they didn’t say anything . Although they weren’t aware of Zhao Hai’s thoughts, they still saw what happened to the Radiant Empire . They too were seething with rage .

The number of people in that country wasn’t small, and the Radiant Church actually killed them off . In the end, only 1 thousand people, all of whom were the core of the Radiant Church, were left . All others weren’t spared, this was too ruthless, it wasn’t strange for people to be angry at this .

After some time, Zhao Hai let out along breath, calming his emotions . Then he lead his group back to the Space as they entered the villa . Upon entering, Zhao Hai immediately said to Laura, “Laura, inform all the armies in the Buddha Empire to rotate the defense and focus on the Radiant Empire . The attack of the Divine Race would truly be fierce . Focus all future defense strategies towards them . As for everything else, leave them to me!”

Laura nodded, then went along to follow Zhao Hai’s directions .

 Chapter 721 Using the Trigram Zhao Hai had clashed with the Radiant Church in many instances . Although not everyone in the church were light mages, they still held the majority of light mages and light attributed warriors . Additionally, Zhao Hai also killed a lot of magic beasts who had an innate talent in the element of light . From the moment they were born, the bodies of the residents in the Ark Continent had their own attribute . Let s take Meg, for example, she had the water attribute, so she was well suited to studying water magic . Therefore, there were quite a few people and beasts who had the light attribute . And some of them weren t under the Radiant Church . If Zhao Hai s calculations were correct, then all of the light element undead that the Space had numbered almost 10 thousand . In other words, he now had the same number of God rank undead . However, after asking Cai er, he knew that these God rank experts were only Demigods . This was because they had no Domain . Unlike the 500 God rank Assassins who was actually found out to have their own Domain . Zhao Hai was confused about this in the beginning . However, he changed his mind when he began to understand . These God ranked Assassins were brought up because of Shiying . Shiying himself had his own Domain, so this achievement had also manifested on the 500 undead Assassins . On the other hand, although the three artifacts were formidable, they were still artifacts in the end, unable to manifest a Domain . Because of this, the light element undead weren t able to have a Domain . After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh . The Space was indeed quite rigid . When talking about fighting strength, three 9th ranks with divine artifacts weren t any worse than Shiying, they might even be stronger . However, since they were artifacts and not people, the artifacts themselves were unable to establish a Domain . Because of this, the Space only extracted their strength and upgraded the undead, it didn t bother itself with giving the undead a Domain . However, Zhao Hai was still quite satisfied . No matter what, the Space now had 10 thousand God ranked undead, about 1 out of a thousand undead were now God rank . This made Zhao Hai smile . One must know that people with light element attributes were quite rare in the continent . If he hadn t exterminated the Radiant Church, then he wouldn t have this many God rank undead . But to be honest, Zhao Hai s true happiness wasn t because of this matter, it was actually about the usage of the Dao Lotus . The Dao Lotus was extremely wonderful, it can attack, defend, help in absorbing energy, and even help in comprehending the Heavens . This was truly a top class treasure . However, Zhao Hai s understanding of the Dao Lotus was just limited, he hadn t even understood half of it . The three characters that he had shouted before were actually about the eight trigrams thunder, mountain, and water The eight trigrams is separated into eight sections, Heaven Ti n , Swamp De , Fire Hu , Thunder L i , Wind F ng , Water Shu , Mountain Sh n , Earth D . When Zhao Hai acquired the power of the Dao Lotus, he also acquired the method of using the trigram . Using the trigram was quite convenient, as long as Zhao Hai says the character, then he would immediately get the corresponding knowledge in order to execute it . Moreover, each character s might was very formidable . Zhao Hai only used three characters in order to block the attacks of three Divine Artifacts, this was hard evidence towards the formidability of the trigram . After experiencing how strong the trigram was, Zhao Hai was now more confident regarding his own capabilities . With the help of the trigram, Zhao Hai was assured that he wouldn t be any worse than any expert from the Divine Race . Zhao Hai was now very clear about how fierce the trigram was . If hadn t used the trigram and only depended on his strength, the most he could do was to block the three divine artifacts, nothing else . Now that he had used the trigram, not only was he able to block the attacks, he was even able to capture the artifacts . For Zhao Hai, this was definitely a good result . Contrasting Zhao Hai s happy harvest, the old Divine Race man didn t know how to react . He didn t expect that their side would actually lose three divine artifacts One must know that even in the Divine Realm, divine artifacts were still quite rare In fact, what Iron Hammer told Zhao Hai before had some mistakes . Iron Hammer said that the Divine Race was strong, this was true, however, Iron Hammer didn t elaborate the fact that divine artifacts with their own spirits were also very rare . Artifacts with artifact spirits were also deemed to be on the top of the item echelon in the Divine Realm . Otherwise, the ancestors of the three major races wouldn t have entrusted their race s fate to Iron Hammer and the others . And if those kinds of Divine Artifacts were quite common, then the Divine Realm wouldn t have been ruled by the Divine Race, but instead, by the Divine Artifacts The three artifacts that the Divine Race had sent to the Radiant Church was meant to resist Iron Hammer and the others . However, since Iron Hammer and the others were injured, the Radiant Church managed to suppress their races quite easily without any intervention from the races divine protectors . Because of this, an issue appeared on the Radiant Church, the succeeding generations actually forgot the initial purpose of the three artifacts . This caused them to worship these artifacts, using them as little as possible . The Radiant Church had become unskilled in using the artifacts . In the end, the Radiant Church wasn t able to eliminate the other races and just continued to suppress them . The Divine Race s appearance in the rift as well as their modification of the laws didn t come without a price . The land that descended actually had a protective shield . This shield wasn t used to guard against the people from the Ark Continent, instead, this shield was used in order to prevent any damages to the land as it fell down towards the Ark Continent . The shield was too formidable that it actually saved the falling land from being destroyed . However, because this shield was too formidable, the Divine Race couldn t just forcibly remove it, making it impossible for them to invade the Ark Continent immediately . Only after seven days, when the new land gets stable would they be able to proceed with their invasion . Aside from their Divine Sense, the Divine Race were unable to enter the Ark Continent . This flaw gave Zhao Hai a huge advantage . The Divine Race person had underestimated Zhao Hai, he expected that he could just command the divine artifacts with his Divine Sense in order to kill Zhao Hai . He didn t anticipate that the other party would actually take the divine artifacts for himself . When he felt that his connection to the divine artifacts were severed, the Divine Race person couldn t help but be angry as he loudly shouted, Brat, you dare Return those artifacts immediately, or else, I shall shred you to bits ZHao Hai gave a cold smile and said, If you have the ability, then come . In the meantime, I shall be dealing with your dogs . Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as a giant palm appeared and grabbed towards the Pope . The Pope was surprised, he sidestepped the attack as he muttered an incantation, giving himself a protective light element shield . However, even if he was fast, Zhao Hai s giant palm was faster . Just as the Pope made his move, Zhao Hai s hand already captured him . And with zero delay, the hand clenched itself, completely crushing the Pope s whole body . After a short and pitiful squeak, the Pope had turned into a pile of mush . After that, Zhao Hai threw the Pope s body towards the Space . He wanted to see whether the Pope can still be turned into undead or not . He can Although the bones had been crushed, the Pope was still turned into an undead This was due to the two requirements of making an undead, one was the flesh and blood, and the other was the soul . The soul, flesh, and bones were just materials in making undead . One could compare it to making a sword where you need to use iron, fire, and hammer . The bone was like iron, the flesh and blood was fire, and the hammering was like the magic spell . Even if the iron was broken, it can still be merged together, and as long as there was fire and a hammer, then the sword can still be made . Upon seeing this, Zhao Hai didn t become polite, he immediately did the same to the two red robed Archbishops, then turning them into undead creatures . The person from the Divine Realm had a pale complexion as he looked at Zhao Hai s actions . He didn t expect Zhao Hai to have this much courage . He actually dared to kill he people of the Radiant Church in front of the Divine Race s eyes . One shouldn t just look at how the Divine Race treats the Radiant Church . Although they were seen as dogs, the Divine Race was still very satisfied with the church s work . After all, the Divine Race wouldn t be able to break through the space and change the continent s laws without the help of the Radiant Church . He just promised the Pope s group that he would save their lives . However, Zhao Hai was still able to kill them, for the Divine Race, this was an absolute shame . After looking at the Divine Race person s complexion, Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile faintly, Divine Realm friend, I had always been waiting for your arrival in the Ark Continent . In fact, I already prepared a lot for this to happen . However, the Demons suddenly appeared, this derailed my plan . This should have derailed your plan as well . At this point, we are in the same starting line . As long as your people arrive in the Continent, then I will immediately have you pay for the lives of the people in the Ocean Waves Dynasty . I m very hoping for your quick arrival, I can t wait to kill several people from the Divine Race . The Divine Race old man looked at Zhao Hai, and with clenched teeth he retorted, Just you wait . When we arrive in the continent, I shall personally remove your bones one by one . I shall then go to your family and then feed them to the dogs Zhao Hai looked at the old man and then coldly smiled, I ll be waiting for you . Don t disappoint me . Then he brought Shue and Berry along with him as they turned around and leisurely walked back to the continent, purposefully making the old man s eyes turn red . But what this Divine Race person didn t see was Zhao Hai s pale face just as he turned around . This didn t signify that he was afraid of the Divine Race, nor was it because he had a hard fight with them . On the contrary, he was very satisfied with today s result . Berry and Shue were able to comprehend a Domain, and he even managed to acquire ten thousand God ranked undead as well as three divine artifacts . Today truly brought him a great harvest . The reason for Zhao Hai s ugly expression was because of anger, he was raging at the Divine Race . These people simply didn t see the residents of the Ark Continent as people . Their arrival in the continent showed how they regarded the people of the continent . Compared to the Demons, it seemed like they were much worse . Zhao Hai had an understanding regarding the Demon Race . He knew that the Demons lived with the rule of the jungle . The weak could only be either food or slaves, nothing else . But this characteristic made it sure that they wouldn t just wantonly kill people . After all, an alive slave was much better than a dead one . Although the Demon Race s final goal was acquiring the Ark Continent and killing every single resident inside it, Zhao Hai discovered from their actions tens of thousands of years ago that this was might not be the case . From the nature of the Demon Race, they would surely change their mind . It was possible that they didn t want to eliminate everyone inside the Ark Continent, they also want to rule the place . On the other hand, with how the Divine Race sees the people of the Continent, they would absolutely not be lenient . This can be seen in their previous action . In order to make their target, the Divine Race actually made the Radiant Church sacrifice an entire country s worth of people . If the Divine Race were to use this mentality in dealing with the Ark Continent, then the residents surely wouldn t be able to live proper lives . When Berry and Shue saw Zhao Hai s expression, they didn t say anything . Although they weren t aware of Zhao Hai s thoughts, they still saw what happened to the Radiant Empire . They too were seething with rage . The number of people in that country wasn t small, and the Radiant Church actually killed them off . In the end, only 1 thousand people, all of whom were the core of the Radiant Church, were left . All others weren t spared, this was too ruthless, it wasn t strange for people to be angry at this . After some time, Zhao Hai let out along breath, calming his emotions . Then he lead his group back to the Space as they entered the villa . Upon entering, Zhao Hai immediately said to Laura, Laura, inform all the armies in the Buddha Empire to rotate the defense and focus on the Radiant Empire . The attack of the Divine Race would truly be fierce . Focus all future defense strategies towards them . As for everything else, leave them to me Laura nodded, then went along to follow Zhao Hai s directions .





* * *





Chapter 722 – An Enemy of an Enemy

Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “The Divine Race truly are formidable . They changed the laws of the heavens and the earth, they even managed to block the progression to God-rank . And now, they managed to bring an entire army in order to deal with us . It seems like they were truly annoyed by their past failure . Their plan of attack would surely be as fast as lightning . Fortunately, we had managed to get good fortunes to resist them . But Brother Hai, would the ordinary armies really be of use? They will surely die in the battlefield!”

Zhao Hai sighed, “We still need to have them . After all, they are also residents of the Ark Continent . If we don’t make them help, then they might feel dread when everything is over . They might fear that we would coerce them in the future . Also, did you forget about the other races in the Divine Realm? One must know that the Divine Race still had their own enemies in the Divine Realm, and those were the Gods of the three races . If those three races were to enter the war, then it would be a huge advantage to us . These people would definitely be great allies . ”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Lizzy gave out a small sigh, “I understand . But Brother Hai, do you believe that those Gods are still alive? It’s been countless years, I’m afraid that they had been eliminated a long time ago . Even Gods wouldn’t be alive after tens of thousands of years . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I’m also aware of that . However, them being of help is still a huge thing for us, so we might as well try . If those Gods can help, then establishing a good relationship with them would be very good . Even if they can’t, then we can just rely on our own strength, showing them that we can provide sufficient power . Its good to have more people who have a grudge against the Divine Race . ”

Lizzy understood Zhao Hai’s words, in the simplest form, Zhao Hai just expressed that an enemy of an enemy is a friend . If those Gods have a grudge against the Divine Race, then as long as they see Zhao Hai’s strength, then these people would certainly help out . With Zhao Hai, they can unite and destroy the Divine Race together .

However, Lizzy still couldn’t help but express her worry, “But Brother Hai, do these GOds really have a grudge with the Divine Race? If they don’t, then what do we do?”





Zhao Hai’s eyes flashed a cold light, “Then there’s nothing we can do . If worse comes to worst, then we will make God-ranks ourselves . Let’s see which is more formidable, my Space, or the Divine Race . ”

At this time, Laura came back, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, the order has been passed around . I believe that it wouldn’t take too long before they make the proper adjustments . Do we really have to look away from the Demons?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “We still need to be on guard . However, the Demons aren’t relatively strong compared to the Divine Race . From what I felt today, there are only ten God-ranked experts in their camp . Moreover, with the big move of the Divine Race, the Demons are surely to be on full defensive mode . They are more focused on the Divine Race compared to us . For them, the Divine Race is more dangerous . ”

Laura and the others nodded, what Zhao Hai said was true . Both the Demons and the Divine Race weren’t aware that Zhao Hai already had God-rank undead . Since they didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s side to have more strength, then they would definitely suffer in the future .

At this time, Lizzy asked, “Big Brother Hai, did you just say that the Divine Race needed several days before coming out?”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Less than seven days . This was something that came out of the Pope’s own mouth . I’m afraid that these seven days would be the most peaceful days of the Ark Continent . ”

Laura nodded and said, “Brother Hai, we should have the Dwarves and Elves make the proper arrangements . At the same time, informing the four big Empires would be great as well . ”





Laura nodded and said, “Brother Hai, we should have the Dwarves and Elves make the proper arrangements . At the same time, informing the four big Empires would be great as well . ”

Zhao Hai nodded . Although the Divine Race and the Demons have already appeared, most of the Ark Continent’s land was still in the hands of the four Empires . And even if the Buddha Empire has been turned into a battlefield, it was still in Zhao Hai’s control . If the Divine Race and the Demons wanted to disrupt the continent, then it was certain that they would send some experts towards the other four Empires, harassing the Ark Continent’s rear .

At this point, Zhao Hai’s most difficult problem was the issue of military strength . One shouldn’t overestimate Zhao Hai’s more than 10 thousand God-rank undead . All of these undead were crucial in the actual battlefield . These 10 thousand undead simply aren’t enough in front of the Demon and the Divine Race . This was what made Zhao Hai very worried .

Without God-rank experts, then any preparation was useless . This made Zhao Hai anxious . Looking at Zhao Hai’s worried expression, Lizzy couldn’t help but comfort him, “Big Brother Hai, how about we return to the Black Wasteland and take a look at the situation . See if any of the 9th ranks have made a breakthrough . If they did, then you can just hand the task of protecting the Empires over to them . As long as they stop the attack for some time, then we can use the Space in order to rescue the people . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, it has also been a long time since I returned to the Black Wasteland . Let’s go back and have a look . ” He stood up and then along with the others, they vanished and returned to Iron Mountain Fort .

Green and the others were currently inside the castle . The Black Wasteland has been extraordinarily busy recently, there were simply too many people here compared to before . The Dwarves had dug out a lot of caverns in Iron Mountain . Moreover, they had also started to deliver iron ores from the mountain every day . The Dwarves already had their own furnace in the castle, all of them were busily making various types of weapons .

The Elves weren’t idling as well, they kept planting trees all around Flower City . At the same time, they were also manufacturing weapons . The Elves were very clear, the Ark Continent was on its way to disaster . It was impossible for them to live like before, wherein they were completely focused on making artware .

Only the Beastmen weren’t present in the wasteland . This was because there was no need to move . The Beastman Prairie was also quite far from the Buddha Empire . Even if the frontlines were shaken to its core, they prairie still wouldn’t be affected . However, the Beastmen were going all out in dispatching its troops in order to help .





Only the Beastmen weren’t present in the wasteland . This was because there was no need to move . The Beastman Prairie was also quite far from the Buddha Empire . Even if the frontlines were shaken to its core, they prairie still wouldn’t be affected . However, the Beastmen were going all out in dispatching its troops in order to help .

The Black Wasteland had already been made known to everyone on the continent . After all, a lot of Human refugees were sent here . But nobody dared to have greedy thoughts when it came to the wasteland . This was because Zhao Hai was a very strong leader . There weren’t a lot of fools that dared to covet his territory .

Green and the others were fairly busy each day . There were a lot of newcomers in the wasteland, their basic necessities were needed to be managed . Otherwise, chaos would ensue . It was great that these supplies were already prepared by Zhao Hai, there weren’t any shortages that happened . Additionally, the various groups also had their own managers, this allowed Green to be less busy than he needed to be .

Green and the others were currently on a meeting . In attendance were representatives from the Dwarves, Elves, Beastmen, and Humans . These people were in charge of managing their respective people . Although the Black Wasteland had a lot of refugees, Zhao Hai still kept his strict rules in place . It was also made clear that the punishments on each rule breaking was the same for all races .

The major leaders weren’t in opposition to this rule . The status and strength of Zhao Hai were too formidable, all of them were very respectful towards his decisions . ’

When Green heard that Zhao Hai had come back, he immediately led the managers to see Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai talked to these people, asked them about their situation, and then had them go back to their posts .

After the managers had left, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Gree, how are things going? Did any of those 9th ranks from before break through to God-rank?”

Green shook his head and said, “Not a single one . Origin Sword Saint was the closest one . Those 9th rank beasts would have it much harder to reach God-rank compared to the Humans . Young Master, did something happen?”



After the managers had left, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Gree, how are things going? Did any of those 9th ranks from before break through to God-rank?”

Green shook his head and said, “Not a single one . Origin Sword Saint was the closest one . Those 9th rank beasts would have it much harder to reach God-rank compared to the Humans . Young Master, did something happen?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he reported what happened with the Divine Race to Green . After Green heard Zhao Hai’s words, he knit his brows and said, “This is really quite troublesome . Young Master, I think the most important thing that we need to do is to spread what happened to the Radiant Empire . Otherwise, people from the continent would still think that the Divine Race are good people . If ‘they still held belief in the Divine Race, then they might cause internal problems to our side .

Zhao Hai nodded, “When the time comes, I’ll have the major powers do this . Our main concern is our lack of people . And once the Divine Race discovers about the Black Wasteland, then they would surely come and target it first . First is because this is our root, and the other reason is because they really hate me now . ”

Green nodded, then he said, “Young Master, how do you plan to deal with this?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment before he withdrew the three divine artifacts that he had taken from the Radiant Church . Although these three artifacts had been integrated to the Blood Ghost Staff, Zhao Hai could still take them out . After all, even if the three artifacts had great powers, they were still quite inferior to the Blood Ghost Staff .

Zhao Hai gave the three artifacts over to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, take these three divine artifacts . These things were handed over to the Radiant Church by the Divine Race . Now, they are all under the Space’s control . You can use this sword of judgement . The radiant staff will be given to Grandma Marine while the book will be handed over to Grandpa Kun . Keep these things as a secret . Once the Divine Race attacks, you can use them to resist for quite some time . I will immediately come over and help as soon as I receive word . ”

Green wasn’t polite, he took the three artifacts and said, “Alright . Young Master, you need to be careful . Right, how are Berry and Shue doing?”

 Chapter 722 An Enemy of an Enemy Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, The Divine Race truly are formidable . They changed the laws of the heavens and the earth, they even managed to block the progression to God rank . And now, they managed to bring an entire army in order to deal with us . It seems like they were truly annoyed by their past failure . Their plan of attack would surely be as fast as lightning . Fortunately, we had managed to get good fortunes to resist them . But Brother Hai, would the ordinary armies really be of use They will surely die in the battlefield Zhao Hai sighed, We still need to have them . After all, they are also residents of the Ark Continent . If we don t make them help, then they might feel dread when everything is over . They might fear that we would coerce them in the future . Also, did you forget about the other races in the Divine Realm One must know that the Divine Race still had their own enemies in the Divine Realm, and those were the Gods of the three races . If those three races were to enter the war, then it would be a huge advantage to us . These people would definitely be great allies . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Lizzy gave out a small sigh, I understand . But Brother Hai, do you believe that those Gods are still alive It s been countless years, I m afraid that they had been eliminated a long time ago . Even Gods wouldn t be alive after tens of thousands of years . Zhao Hai nodded, I m also aware of that . However, them being of help is still a huge thing for us, so we might as well try . If those Gods can help, then establishing a good relationship with them would be very good . Even if they can t, then we can just rely on our own strength, showing them that we can provide sufficient power . Its good to have more people who have a grudge against the Divine Race . Lizzy understood Zhao Hai s words, in the simplest form, Zhao Hai just expressed that an enemy of an enemy is a friend . If those Gods have a grudge against the Divine Race, then as long as they see Zhao Hai s strength, then these people would certainly help out . With Zhao Hai, they can unite and destroy the Divine Race together . However, Lizzy still couldn t help but express her worry, But Brother Hai, do these GOds really have a grudge with the Divine Race If they don t, then what do we do Zhao Hai s eyes flashed a cold light, Then there s nothing we can do . If worse comes to worst, then we will make God ranks ourselves . Let s see which is more formidable, my Space, or the Divine Race . At this time, Laura came back, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, the order has been passed around . I believe that it wouldn t take too long before they make the proper adjustments . Do we really have to look away from the Demons Zhao Hai shook his head and said, We still need to be on guard . However, the Demons aren t relatively strong compared to the Divine Race . From what I felt today, there are only ten God ranked experts in their camp . Moreover, with the big move of the Divine Race, the Demons are surely to be on full defensive mode . They are more focused on the Divine Race compared to us . For them, the Divine Race is more dangerous . Laura and the others nodded, what Zhao Hai said was true . Both the Demons and the Divine Race weren t aware that Zhao Hai already had God rank undead . Since they didn t expect Zhao Hai s side to have more strength, then they would definitely suffer in the future . At this time, Lizzy asked, Big Brother Hai, did you just say that the Divine Race needed several days before coming out Zhao Hai sighed and said, Less than seven days . This was something that came out of the Pope s own mouth . I m afraid that these seven days would be the most peaceful days of the Ark Continent . Laura nodded and said, Brother Hai, we should have the Dwarves and Elves make the proper arrangements . At the same time, informing the four big Empires would be great as well . Zhao Hai nodded . Although the Divine Race and the Demons have already appeared, most of the Ark Continent s land was still in the hands of the four Empires . And even if the Buddha Empire has been turned into a battlefield, it was still in Zhao Hai s control . If the Divine Race and the Demons wanted to disrupt the continent, then it was certain that they would send some experts towards the other four Empires, harassing the Ark Continent s rear . At this point, Zhao Hai s most difficult problem was the issue of military strength . One shouldn t overestimate Zhao Hai s more than 10 thousand God rank undead . All of these undead were crucial in the actual battlefield . These 10 thousand undead simply aren t enough in front of the Demon and the Divine Race . This was what made Zhao Hai very worried . Without God rank experts, then any preparation was useless . This made Zhao Hai anxious . Looking at Zhao Hai s worried expression, Lizzy couldn t help but comfort him, Big Brother Hai, how about we return to the Black Wasteland and take a look at the situation . See if any of the 9th ranks have made a breakthrough . If they did, then you can just hand the task of protecting the Empires over to them . As long as they stop the attack for some time, then we can use the Space in order to rescue the people . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, it has also been a long time since I returned to the Black Wasteland . Let s go back and have a look . He stood up and then along with the others, they vanished and returned to Iron Mountain Fort . Green and the others were currently inside the castle . The Black Wasteland has been extraordinarily busy recently, there were simply too many people here compared to before . The Dwarves had dug out a lot of caverns in Iron Mountain . Moreover, they had also started to deliver iron ores from the mountain every day . The Dwarves already had their own furnace in the castle, all of them were busily making various types of weapons . The Elves weren t idling as well, they kept planting trees all around Flower City . At the same time, they were also manufacturing weapons . The Elves were very clear, the Ark Continent was on its way to disaster . It was impossible for them to live like before, wherein they were completely focused on making artware . Only the Beastmen weren t present in the wasteland . This was because there was no need to move . The Beastman Prairie was also quite far from the Buddha Empire . Even if the frontlines were shaken to its core, they prairie still wouldn t be affected . However, the Beastmen were going all out in dispatching its troops in order to help . The Black Wasteland had already been made known to everyone on the continent . After all, a lot of Human refugees were sent here . But nobody dared to have greedy thoughts when it came to the wasteland . This was because Zhao Hai was a very strong leader . There weren t a lot of fools that dared to covet his territory . Green and the others were fairly busy each day . There were a lot of newcomers in the wasteland, their basic necessities were needed to be managed . Otherwise, chaos would ensue . It was great that these supplies were already prepared by Zhao Hai, there weren t any shortages that happened . Additionally, the various groups also had their own managers, this allowed Green to be less busy than he needed to be . Green and the others were currently on a meeting . In attendance were representatives from the Dwarves, Elves, Beastmen, and Humans . These people were in charge of managing their respective people . Although the Black Wasteland had a lot of refugees, Zhao Hai still kept his strict rules in place . It was also made clear that the punishments on each rule breaking was the same for all races . The major leaders weren t in opposition to this rule . The status and strength of Zhao Hai were too formidable, all of them were very respectful towards his decisions . When Green heard that Zhao Hai had come back, he immediately led the managers to see Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai talked to these people, asked them about their situation, and then had them go back to their posts . After the managers had left, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Green and said, Grandpa Gree, how are things going Did any of those 9th ranks from before break through to God rank Green shook his head and said, Not a single one . Origin Sword Saint was the closest one . Those 9th rank beasts would have it much harder to reach God rank compared to the Humans . Young Master, did something happen Zhao Hai nodded, then he reported what happened with the Divine Race to Green . After Green heard Zhao Hai s words, he knit his brows and said, This is really quite troublesome . Young Master, I think the most important thing that we need to do is to spread what happened to the Radiant Empire . Otherwise, people from the continent would still think that the Divine Race are good people . If they still held belief in the Divine Race, then they might cause internal problems to our side . Zhao Hai nodded, When the time comes, I ll have the major powers do this . Our main concern is our lack of people . And once the Divine Race discovers about the Black Wasteland, then they would surely come and target it first . First is because this is our root, and the other reason is because they really hate me now . Green nodded, then he said, Young Master, how do you plan to deal with this Zhao Hai thought for a moment before he withdrew the three divine artifacts that he had taken from the Radiant Church . Although these three artifacts had been integrated to the Blood Ghost Staff, Zhao Hai could still take them out . After all, even if the three artifacts had great powers, they were still quite inferior to the Blood Ghost Staff . Zhao Hai gave the three artifacts over to Green and said, Grandpa Green, take these three divine artifacts . These things were handed over to the Radiant Church by the Divine Race . Now, they are all under the Space s control . You can use this sword of judgement . The radiant staff will be given to Grandma Marine while the book will be handed over to Grandpa Kun . Keep these things as a secret . Once the Divine Race attacks, you can use them to resist for quite some time . I will immediately come over and help as soon as I receive word . Green wasn t polite, he took the three artifacts and said, Alright . Young Master, you need to be careful . Right, how are Berry and Shue doing





* * *





Chapter 723 – Adjusting Strategies

When Zhao Hai heard Green, he couldn’t help but smile lightly as he replied, “They had been great . Shue and Berry managed to comprehend a Domain . Right, in two days, when the second batch of herbs matures, we’ll immediately have Shue promote his clones . At that point, our strength would even be greater . ”

Green clapped his hand and said, “Fantastic! We’ll be confident in facing the Demons and the Divine Race by then . Right, Young Master, what are you planning to do in the future?”

Zhao Hai calmly replied, “Let’s wait for the Divine Race to attack us when their shield disappears . At that time, we’ll take the offense to them . I’ll get an army and give them spatial water in order to be raised to 8th rank and then 9th rank . Only this composition could manage to face our two enemies . Even if other people are eager to help, all that would be waiting for them is death!”

Green knit his brows and said, “Wouldn’t that reveal the existence of the Space?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t think so . The only thing that they would discover is the fact that I have a formula to increase one’s strength, the Space would never be connected . ”

Green nodded, “Alright, at the worst, people will die . Young Master, you don’t need to worry about the things here . There won’t be any problems . ”





Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Don’t be too strict on the refugees . As long as they don’t make a huge mistake, then that would be fine . After all, these people are in a new environment . If you push them too much, then they might think that we are bullying them . ”

Green smiled and said, “Young Master can rest assured, we have yet to punish someone . Everyone here respects the Young Master’s instructions . But if we find someone, then we guarantee that he wouldn’t be punished too hard . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Then that’s good . The continent has been plunged into hard times . The Divine Race had changed the laws of the heaven and earth . This would surely bring about some consequences . The Divine Race are truly scums, they even used such a method . ”

Green was confused at Zhao Hai’s statement, he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Young Master, is the change in the laws really that serious?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Naturally . In the past, the Ark Continent was an independent plane, it had its own laws . Now that these laws had been changed, it had shattered the continent’s division towards the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm . These two higher planes might not find trouble with this, but the Ark continent would surely feel the hardships . With the Ark Continent being disturbed, I’m afraid that we would be susceptible to more invasions from other planes in the future . ”

Green stared for a moment before his expression changed, “It’s like that? When that happens, then wouldn’t the continent be destroyed?”

Green’s worries held true basis . The reason why the Ark Continent was invaded by the Demons in the first place was because of the initial action made by the Divine Realm, having a God descend . Now that the laws had been changed even more, the consequences would surely be more severe . The Ark Continent was fortunate that it hadn’t been destroyed in the first place .

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, this was only his guess . But this guess had been made while he was connected to the heavens because of the Dao Lotus . What he understood was only a few things, so he could only make an intelligent guess at this point .





Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, this was only his guess . But this guess had been made while he was connected to the heavens because of the Dao Lotus . What he understood was only a few things, so he could only make an intelligent guess at this point .

When Green saw Zhao Hai’s expression, his chest couldn’t help but feel heavy . If what Zhao Hai said was true, then the disaster for the Ark Continent has just started .

Upon looking at Green’s face, Zhao Hai comforted him, “Grandpa Green you don’t need to think about it to deeply . In the worst case scenario, we can all just hide inside the Space . ”

Green nodded, then he knit his eyebrows and said, “Young Master, this outcome has surely been thought of by the Divine Race . Wouldn’t it be detrimental for their goals if the Ark Continent were to be unsafe?”

Zhao Hai thought about it, and then he said, “That may be possible, however, we can’t make solid judgements this early on . When we come in contact with the Divine Race, then it may be possible for us to be clear about it . Alright, Grandpa Green, I won’t be staying for long . I’ll be heading to the Buddha Empire now to take a look . ”

Green nodded, “Young Master, you don’t need to worry about here . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave a signal to Laura and the others before they entered the Space . Then Zhao Hai took Shue and Berry to Rising Sun City .

Rising Sun City was the most forward defense against the Demon Race . Originally, Zhao Hai didn’t want to come here . However, since he was most familiar with the people transferred from Demon City, he decided to upgrade the strengths of the people here first .

Moreover, he came here to trade Shiying . Zhao Hai didn’t have too many God-rank experts . Therefore, he can only leave Shiying here to guard the place . But now, he has a lot of light element God-rank undead . The light element is extremely strong against the Demons . Because of this, Zhao Hai prepared to have Shiying go against the Divine Race while leaving some light element undead here .





Moreover, he came here to trade Shiying . Zhao Hai didn’t have too many God-rank experts . Therefore, he can only leave Shiying here to guard the place . But now, he has a lot of light element God-rank undead . The light element is extremely strong against the Demons . Because of this, Zhao Hai prepared to have Shiying go against the Divine Race while leaving some light element undead here .

Although the Demons have gone silent and had paused their construction, Zhao Hai knew that all of this was because of the changes to the Ark Continent’s laws . The Demon should be revising their plans at this time .

In the past, the laws of the Ark Continent were still present . Even if the Demons wanted to attack the continent, then they wouldn’t be able to send too many God-ranks . Because of this, they decided to build a city and steadily advance, stationing God-ranks on each forward city as they slowly devour the continent .

The laws of the Ark Continent also didn’t allow too many God-ranks inside it . This was the reason why the Demons didn’t dare to send a lot of God-ranks .

The Demons had done a lot of experiments in the past years . Although they didn’t think of changing the laws of the continent like the Divine Race, they were still able to create a concrete plan . These experiments included sending God-ranks to the continent to see how many experts the continent would be able to support, and also how long they could stay .

After constant experiments, the Demons have finally gained their results . The laws of the continent only allowed up to five God-ranks to enter . If a single God-rank enters, then the continent can allow this expert to stay for half a year . But this God-rank also needed to adjust for a month before he can move . After one month, the God-rank would be able to display 70% of his power . In three months, he can show 80% . Then after more than five months in the continent, the expert can achieve 90% of its power . After reaching this peak, the God-rank would then need to leave after half a day .

This was the reason why the Demons opened a spatial rift . And this was also the reason why the Demon Dragon King and the four others were the only ones sent as the vanguard .

For five God-ranks, the continent would only allow them to stay for three months . Half a month to adapt to the laws, then after that half-month, they would be able to use 60% . After one month, 70% . Two months, 80% . Then on the third month, they would return .

This was the law of the Ark Continent . The Demons had regarded this law heavily . They sent out five God-ranks this time in order to secure the Demonic Abyss . They were afraid that the Ark Continent’s people would destroy their city .



For five God-ranks, the continent would only allow them to stay for three months . Half a month to adapt to the laws, then after that half-month, they would be able to use 60% . After one month, 70% . Two months, 80% . Then on the third month, they would return .

This was the law of the Ark Continent . The Demons had regarded this law heavily . They sent out five God-ranks this time in order to secure the Demonic Abyss . They were afraid that the Ark Continent’s people would destroy their city .

The Demons knew that it didn’t matter what they did, as long as they used the Blood Void, then the destructive display would certainly alert the residents of the Ark Continent . Because of this, the Demon Realm didn’t hesitate to send five God-rank experts .

However, when the Demon Dragon King and the others arrived in the Ark Continent, they were immediately met with Zhao Hai, even before they had completely adapted to the laws .

Because they weren’t able to adapt, the Demon Dragon King’s group couldn’t display all of their strength . Although they were God-ranks with strong abilities, their power were still reduced by the continent . Without adapting to the laws, these God-ranks would need to return to the Demon Realm after one month if they decided to disregard the laws . This situation made it hard for the Demons . If they were forced to go back after one month, then Zhao Hai would be able to completely lock them out, seeing that he can use 100% of his strength . Shue and Berry were also present, with them in hand, Zhao Hai would be able to deal with every God-rank that the Demon Realm would send . One could say that the Divine Race had provided the Demons some breathing room for their future plans .

Now that the laws had been changed, there was no need for the Demons to make their city . They can just send their God-ranks in along with their army in order to conquer the entire Ark Continent . They would start by capturing the cities as they advanced to all the corners of the continent .

The Demons needed to be swirt because the Divine Race was already here . If they continued to build their city, then it was possible that the Divine Race would have already conquered the continent . The Demons would be ordering soup without being able to drink it . Because of this, the Demons have decided to change their strategy .

After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai decided to trade Shiying with the light element undead . Although Shiying wasn’t weak, he wasn’t the strongest Demon either . His techniques were all made in the Demon Realm, it wasn’t ideal for him to face the Demons in the battlefield since he couldn’t display his strength to its full potential .

The light element undead, on the other hand, were different . The light element was used to suppress the Demons . Even if these undead weren’t high-level, only being Demigods, they can still get an advantage due to their numbers . Along with Besmir and the others, they would surely be able to go against the Demon attack .

 Chapter 723 Adjusting Strategies When Zhao Hai heard Green, he couldn t help but smile lightly as he replied, They had been great . Shue and Berry managed to comprehend a Domain . Right, in two days, when the second batch of herbs matures, we ll immediately have Shue promote his clones . At that point, our strength would even be greater . Green clapped his hand and said, Fantastic We ll be confident in facing the Demons and the Divine Race by then . Right, Young Master, what are you planning to do in the future Zhao Hai calmly replied, Let s wait for the Divine Race to attack us when their shield disappears . At that time, we ll take the offense to them . I ll get an army and give them spatial water in order to be raised to 8th rank and then 9th rank . Only this composition could manage to face our two enemies . Even if other people are eager to help, all that would be waiting for them is death Green knit his brows and said, Wouldn t that reveal the existence of the Space Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I don t think so . The only thing that they would discover is the fact that I have a formula to increase one s strength, the Space would never be connected . Green nodded, Alright, at the worst, people will die . Young Master, you don t need to worry about the things here . There won t be any problems . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Don t be too strict on the refugees . As long as they don t make a huge mistake, then that would be fine . After all, these people are in a new environment . If you push them too much, then they might think that we are bullying them . Green smiled and said, Young Master can rest assured, we have yet to punish someone . Everyone here respects the Young Master s instructions . But if we find someone, then we guarantee that he wouldn t be punished too hard . Zhao Hai nodded, Then that s good . The continent has been plunged into hard times . The Divine Race had changed the laws of the heaven and earth . This would surely bring about some consequences . The Divine Race are truly scums, they even used such a method . Green was confused at Zhao Hai s statement, he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, Young Master, is the change in the laws really that serious Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, Naturally . In the past, the Ark Continent was an independent plane, it had its own laws . Now that these laws had been changed, it had shattered the continent s division towards the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm . These two higher planes might not find trouble with this, but the Ark continent would surely feel the hardships . With the Ark Continent being disturbed, I m afraid that we would be susceptible to more invasions from other planes in the future . Green stared for a moment before his expression changed, It s like that When that happens, then wouldn t the continent be destroyed Green s worries held true basis . The reason why the Ark Continent was invaded by the Demons in the first place was because of the initial action made by the Divine Realm, having a God descend . Now that the laws had been changed even more, the consequences would surely be more severe . The Ark Continent was fortunate that it hadn t been destroyed in the first place . Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, this was only his guess . But this guess had been made while he was connected to the heavens because of the Dao Lotus . What he understood was only a few things, so he could only make an intelligent guess at this point . When Green saw Zhao Hai s expression, his chest couldn t help but feel heavy . If what Zhao Hai said was true, then the disaster for the Ark Continent has just started . Upon looking at Green s face, Zhao Hai comforted him, Grandpa Green you don t need to think about it to deeply . In the worst case scenario, we can all just hide inside the Space . Green nodded, then he knit his eyebrows and said, Young Master, this outcome has surely been thought of by the Divine Race . Wouldn t it be detrimental for their goals if the Ark Continent were to be unsafe Zhao Hai thought about it, and then he said, That may be possible, however, we can t make solid judgements this early on . When we come in contact with the Divine Race, then it may be possible for us to be clear about it . Alright, Grandpa Green, I won t be staying for long . I ll be heading to the Buddha Empire now to take a look . Green nodded, Young Master, you don t need to worry about here . Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave a signal to Laura and the others before they entered the Space . Then Zhao Hai took Shue and Berry to Rising Sun City . Rising Sun City was the most forward defense against the Demon Race . Originally, Zhao Hai didn t want to come here . However, since he was most familiar with the people transferred from Demon City, he decided to upgrade the strengths of the people here first . Moreover, he came here to trade Shiying . Zhao Hai didn t have too many God rank experts . Therefore, he can only leave Shiying here to guard the place . But now, he has a lot of light element God rank undead . The light element is extremely strong against the Demons . Because of this, Zhao Hai prepared to have Shiying go against the Divine Race while leaving some light element undead here . Although the Demons have gone silent and had paused their construction, Zhao Hai knew that all of this was because of the changes to the Ark Continent s laws . The Demon should be revising their plans at this time . In the past, the laws of the Ark Continent were still present . Even if the Demons wanted to attack the continent, then they wouldn t be able to send too many God ranks . Because of this, they decided to build a city and steadily advance, stationing God ranks on each forward city as they slowly devour the continent . The laws of the Ark Continent also didn t allow too many God ranks inside it . This was the reason why the Demons didn t dare to send a lot of God ranks . The Demons had done a lot of experiments in the past years . Although they didn t think of changing the laws of the continent like the Divine Race, they were still able to create a concrete plan . These experiments included sending God ranks to the continent to see how many experts the continent would be able to support, and also how long they could stay . After constant experiments, the Demons have finally gained their results . The laws of the continent only allowed up to five God ranks to enter . If a single God rank enters, then the continent can allow this expert to stay for half a year . But this God rank also needed to adjust for a month before he can move . After one month, the God rank would be able to display 70 of his power . In three months, he can show 80 . Then after more than five months in the continent, the expert can achieve 90 of its power . After reaching this peak, the God rank would then need to leave after half a day . This was the reason why the Demons opened a spatial rift . And this was also the reason why the Demon Dragon King and the four others were the only ones sent as the vanguard . For five God ranks, the continent would only allow them to stay for three months . Half a month to adapt to the laws, then after that half month, they would be able to use 60 . After one month, 70 . Two months, 80 . Then on the third month, they would return . This was the law of the Ark Continent . The Demons had regarded this law heavily . They sent out five God ranks this time in order to secure the Demonic Abyss . They were afraid that the Ark Continent s people would destroy their city . The Demons knew that it didn t matter what they did, as long as they used the Blood Void, then the destructive display would certainly alert the residents of the Ark Continent . Because of this, the Demon Realm didn t hesitate to send five God rank experts . However, when the Demon Dragon King and the others arrived in the Ark Continent, they were immediately met with Zhao Hai, even before they had completely adapted to the laws . Because they weren t able to adapt, the Demon Dragon King s group couldn t display all of their strength . Although they were God ranks with strong abilities, their power were still reduced by the continent . Without adapting to the laws, these God ranks would need to return to the Demon Realm after one month if they decided to disregard the laws . This situation made it hard for the Demons . If they were forced to go back after one month, then Zhao Hai would be able to completely lock them out, seeing that he can use 100 of his strength . Shue and Berry were also present, with them in hand, Zhao Hai would be able to deal with every God rank that the Demon Realm would send . One could say that the Divine Race had provided the Demons some breathing room for their future plans . Now that the laws had been changed, there was no need for the Demons to make their city . They can just send their God ranks in along with their army in order to conquer the entire Ark Continent . They would start by capturing the cities as they advanced to all the corners of the continent . The Demons needed to be swirt because the Divine Race was already here . If they continued to build their city, then it was possible that the Divine Race would have already conquered the continent . The Demons would be ordering soup without being able to drink it . Because of this, the Demons have decided to change their strategy . After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai decided to trade Shiying with the light element undead . Although Shiying wasn t weak, he wasn t the strongest Demon either . His techniques were all made in the Demon Realm, it wasn t ideal for him to face the Demons in the battlefield since he couldn t display his strength to its full potential . The light element undead, on the other hand, were different . The light element was used to suppress the Demons . Even if these undead weren t high level, only being Demigods, they can still get an advantage due to their numbers . Along with Besmir and the others, they would surely be able to go against the Demon attack .





* * *





Chapter 724 – Promotion

Besmir was still inside the General’s residence . Although they already had a lot of reinforcements, Besmir still didn’t have a moment of relief . He had seen the fight between Zhao Hai and the God-ranked Demons . To be honest, upon seeing the battle, a deep anxiety rose inside him . The strength that Zhao Hai and the Demons had shown was just too tremendous . Each punch and kick that they did seems to be able to move mountains . Facing enemies like these needed more than just ordinary soldiers, they needed 9th ranks if they wanted to keep up . Besmir was very clear about Zhao Hai’s importance in resisting the Demons and the Divine Race, but the help that Besmir and the others can provide was just too low .

Because of this thought, Besmir worked hard . He completed every single task diligently . This was to minimize Zhao Hai’s worries as he battled the Demon Experts . There was little time when he relaxes, he was almost always inside the battle room . Those who were with him were almost scared of his frantic work .

While Besmir was looking at the sand table, a voice suddenly came from outside, “We have seen Mister!”

Besmir stared, then he quickly recovered himself as he turned around to see Zhao Hai . Besmir immediately stepped forward and gave a salute, “Mister, please come in . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he entered the battle room . He turned to Besmir and smiled faintly, “General Besmir, you’ve been working hard . I came here today because I have something for you to do . Have everyone leave the room . Berry, Shue, go guard the door . ”

After hearing this order, Besmir couldn’t help but be startled . However, he immediately had everyone leave the room as Shue and Berry guarded the entrance . Zhao Hai sat on a chair and beckoned towards another in front of him, “General, please take a seat . ”





Besmir was quite anxious about Zhao Hai’s actions, however, he still sat down and listened intently . Zhao Hai smiled at Besmir and said, “General, tell me about what you think of this war . No need to hold back . ”

Although Besmir didn’t understand where Zhao Hai wanted to take the conversation, he still nodded and said, “Alright . Mister, to be honest, I really don’t feel good about this war . The Demons are just too strong . And since the Divine Race managed to shatter the heavens, causing ripples everywhere, I also reckon that they’re quite strong . The reason why I don’t feel good is because of you, Mister . You are strong, but as for us, we can only do so much . There are too few people in the continent who can provide sufficient help to you . I’m not too optimistic about the future . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he replied, “What you said is true . The present situation isn’t really good . But we aren’t left with nothing . Everyone knows that I have a lot of good things in my hands . And those things are truly unique in the continent . Nobody understood why this was the case . In fact, there really isn’t anything mystical about it, I just happen to have a team that specializes on alchemy and refining . Our goal is to develop a way to quickly improve one’s strength . ”

Besmir listened intently to Zhao Hai . When he heard the last words, his eyes couldn’t help but shine . He can now understand where Zhao Hai’s conversation would end up .

Seeing Besmir’s expression, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Right, the General is a smart person . It seems like you already understood why I came here today . ”

Besmir looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Is Mister saying that the potion has been completed?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Correct . The potion has been finished . It doesn’t have any side effects . After drinking it, average people would reach 8th rank within two days . After reaching 8th rank, they can then drink another potion that can help them reach 9th rank in one day . Only by doing so would we gain a chance against both the Demons and the Divine Race . ”

Besmir looked blankly at Zhao Hai . If he wasn’t aware of how strong Zhao Hai was, then he wouldn’t be able to believe any of this at all . He would just think that Zhao Hai was crazy .





Besmir looked blankly at Zhao Hai . If he wasn’t aware of how strong Zhao Hai was, then he wouldn’t be able to believe any of this at all . He would just think that Zhao Hai was crazy .

In the past, 9th ranks were the top existences in the continent . 9th ranks were very hard to reach for ordinary people . Now, Zhao Hai told him that he can make 8th ranks in two days, and then a 9th rank in one . A 9th rank experts in just three days? This was something beyond crazy .

Zhao Hai smiled at Besmir’s expression, he turned his hand as a bottle appeared, “If you don’t believe me, then go and try it . ”

Zhao Hai placed the bottle of spatial water on the table and then said, “Drink this potion . Since you are 7th rank, then you’ll reach 8th rank by tomorrow . When that time comes, I shall give you another potion to promote you to 9th rank . ”

Besmir looked at Zhao Hai, and then at the bottle on the table . In the end, he nodded and didn’t say anything before taking up the jar and drank it up in one go .

Seeing Besmir’s action, Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “Go and take a rest . Stabilize your breathing . Come see me tomorrow . ” Besmir nodded . Then Zhao Hai stood up and said, “Alright, then I won’t be disturbing you any further, take a rest . ” Besmir stood up, gave Zhao Hai a salute and then left the battle room . Originally, the General’s residence was the City Lord’s Mansion . The current battle room was the mansion’s lobby . There was a small guest room at the side of the lobby, that room had now become Besmir’s bedroom .

When he saw Besmir leave, Zhao Hai turned around and walked out . Outside the room were the other enlisted officers . All of them were respectfully standing, nobody dared to speak a word .

Zhao Hai looked at them calmly and said, “General Besmir had something to do today . Don’t disturb him . Leave two guards to protect the entrance . If you need anything, then just hold it off until tomorrow . ” All of them responded, nobody made a comment . All of them were aware about Zhao Hai’s status . He wasn’t only an elder and a prince, he was a God-ranked expert, a peak existence in the Continent right now .





Zhao Hai looked at them calmly and said, “General Besmir had something to do today . Don’t disturb him . Leave two guards to protect the entrance . If you need anything, then just hold it off until tomorrow . ” All of them responded, nobody made a comment . All of them were aware about Zhao Hai’s status . He wasn’t only an elder and a prince, he was a God-ranked expert, a peak existence in the Continent right now .

One must say that in the past, the 9th ranks of the continent could see themselves as Zhao Hai’s equal . But now, nobody would dare do so, Zhao Hai was at the apex of strength .

After the group left, Zhao Hai released Alien and then entered along with Shue and Berry before going back to the Space .

Laura and the others were currently handling material allocation and transport . At the same time, they were also sending letters to the Emperors of the continent, informing them about what happened to the Radiant Empire . This would be used in order to spread information about the atrocities of the church, making the population lose faith in them .

Besides this matter, Zhao Hai also made them ask the Emperors for their most trusted people . Moreover, Zhao Hai also stated that he wanted to promote the strengths of those on the list . As for those people that the Emperors didn’t trust, Zhao Hai wouldn’t bother with them in the future .

The Emperors immediately believed Zhao Hai’s words . They already knew Zhao Hai’s strength . Don’t think that the people in Demon City were all from the Buddha Empire . Among the Adventurers and Mercenaries were spies of the other major powers . Because of this, it didn’t take too long before Zhao Hai’s fight has been made known to the entire continent .

After knowing Zhao Hai’s strength, these people weren’t worried about being fooled anymore . With Zhao Hai’s capabilities, then he would have already acted, he wouldn’t wait until now .

The most happy about this situation were the people in Lyon Empire . Zhao Hai was their current Emperor . Having such a powerful ruler, it wasn’t strange for the population to rejoice .

Because of this as well as other reasons, the Empires immediately sent their lists over to Zhao Hai . They didn’t hesitate a bit and send a huge pile of names . Upon seeing this list, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but chuckle, this was because almost all of these people were 8th ranks .



The most happy about this situation were the people in Lyon Empire . Zhao Hai was their current Emperor . Having such a powerful ruler, it wasn’t strange for the population to rejoice .

Because of this as well as other reasons, the Empires immediately sent their lists over to Zhao Hai . They didn’t hesitate a bit and send a huge pile of names . Upon seeing this list, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but chuckle, this was because almost all of these people were 8th ranks .

For Zhao Hai, this was a good thing . This would eliminate the period of turning them into 9th ranks .

But since these people were the trusted people of the major Empires, it would be impossible to direct them to the battlefield . However, Zhao Hai wasn’t counting on them to be on the battlefield . He wanted to use these people as a proof . As long as these people get promoted, then everyone in the continent would have faith on Zhao Hai’s method . When that time comes, then there won’t be any issue whenever Zhao Hai wanted to promote additional people .

After the names were sent, Zhao Hai immediately took some water from the Blood Pond and then had them sent to the different Imperial Palaces for the people on the list to drink while he stayed in the Buddha Empire .

After handling these matter, Zhao Hai finally relaxed . He rested inside the Space as he prepared to go to battle at any time .

Zhao Hai was also waiting for the herbs in the Space to mature . He wanted to make God-ranked potions as soon as possible . The Divine Race were waiting for their shield to expire, only then would they be able to start their invasion of the continent .

After having rested inside the Space, Zhao Hai appeared on the City Lord’s mansion the next morning . At this time, Besmir had also woken up . He had truly become 8th rank . When he saw Zhao Hai, he was very excited, he immediately gave a bow and said, “Mister, thank you very much . I have already reached 8th rank . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he withdrew another bottle, this one had water from the Blood Pond . Then he gave the bottle to Besmir and said, “The potion in this bottle will promote you to 9th rank . After becoming 9th rank, I’ll have to ask you to gather some trustworthy people in Rising Sun City . After gathering them, go and call me . I’ll improve them to 9th rank so that they can have more impact on the future battles . ”

 Chapter 724 Promotion Besmir was still inside the General s residence . Although they already had a lot of reinforcements, Besmir still didn t have a moment of relief . He had seen the fight between Zhao Hai and the God ranked Demons . To be honest, upon seeing the battle, a deep anxiety rose inside him . The strength that Zhao Hai and the Demons had shown was just too tremendous . Each punch and kick that they did seems to be able to move mountains . Facing enemies like these needed more than just ordinary soldiers, they needed 9th ranks if they wanted to keep up . Besmir was very clear about Zhao Hai s importance in resisting the Demons and the Divine Race, but the help that Besmir and the others can provide was just too low . Because of this thought, Besmir worked hard . He completed every single task diligently . This was to minimize Zhao Hai s worries as he battled the Demon Experts . There was little time when he relaxes, he was almost always inside the battle room . Those who were with him were almost scared of his frantic work . While Besmir was looking at the sand table, a voice suddenly came from outside, We have seen Mister Besmir stared, then he quickly recovered himself as he turned around to see Zhao Hai . Besmir immediately stepped forward and gave a salute, Mister, please come in . Zhao Hai nodded, then he entered the battle room . He turned to Besmir and smiled faintly, General Besmir, you ve been working hard . I came here today because I have something for you to do . Have everyone leave the room . Berry, Shue, go guard the door . After hearing this order, Besmir couldn t help but be startled . However, he immediately had everyone leave the room as Shue and Berry guarded the entrance . Zhao Hai sat on a chair and beckoned towards another in front of him, General, please take a seat . Besmir was quite anxious about Zhao Hai s actions, however, he still sat down and listened intently . Zhao Hai smiled at Besmir and said, General, tell me about what you think of this war . No need to hold back . Although Besmir didn t understand where Zhao Hai wanted to take the conversation, he still nodded and said, Alright . Mister, to be honest, I really don t feel good about this war . The Demons are just too strong . And since the Divine Race managed to shatter the heavens, causing ripples everywhere, I also reckon that they re quite strong . The reason why I don t feel good is because of you, Mister . You are strong, but as for us, we can only do so much . There are too few people in the continent who can provide sufficient help to you . I m not too optimistic about the future . Zhao Hai nodded, he replied, What you said is true . The present situation isn t really good . But we aren t left with nothing . Everyone knows that I have a lot of good things in my hands . And those things are truly unique in the continent . Nobody understood why this was the case . In fact, there really isn t anything mystical about it, I just happen to have a team that specializes on alchemy and refining . Our goal is to develop a way to quickly improve one s strength . Besmir listened intently to Zhao Hai . When he heard the last words, his eyes couldn t help but shine . He can now understand where Zhao Hai s conversation would end up . Seeing Besmir s expression, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Right, the General is a smart person . It seems like you already understood why I came here today . Besmir looked at Zhao Hai and said, Is Mister saying that the potion has been completed Zhao Hai nodded, Correct . The potion has been finished . It doesn t have any side effects . After drinking it, average people would reach 8th rank within two days . After reaching 8th rank, they can then drink another potion that can help them reach 9th rank in one day . Only by doing so would we gain a chance against both the Demons and the Divine Race . Besmir looked blankly at Zhao Hai . If he wasn t aware of how strong Zhao Hai was, then he wouldn t be able to believe any of this at all . He would just think that Zhao Hai was crazy . In the past, 9th ranks were the top existences in the continent . 9th ranks were very hard to reach for ordinary people . Now, Zhao Hai told him that he can make 8th ranks in two days, and then a 9th rank in one . A 9th rank experts in just three days This was something beyond crazy . Zhao Hai smiled at Besmir s expression, he turned his hand as a bottle appeared, If you don t believe me, then go and try it . Zhao Hai placed the bottle of spatial water on the table and then said, Drink this potion . Since you are 7th rank, then you ll reach 8th rank by tomorrow . When that time comes, I shall give you another potion to promote you to 9th rank . Besmir looked at Zhao Hai, and then at the bottle on the table . In the end, he nodded and didn t say anything before taking up the jar and drank it up in one go . Seeing Besmir s action, Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, Go and take a rest . Stabilize your breathing . Come see me tomorrow . Besmir nodded . Then Zhao Hai stood up and said, Alright, then I won t be disturbing you any further, take a rest . Besmir stood up, gave Zhao Hai a salute and then left the battle room . Originally, the General s residence was the City Lord s Mansion . The current battle room was the mansion s lobby . There was a small guest room at the side of the lobby, that room had now become Besmir s bedroom . When he saw Besmir leave, Zhao Hai turned around and walked out . Outside the room were the other enlisted officers . All of them were respectfully standing, nobody dared to speak a word . Zhao Hai looked at them calmly and said, General Besmir had something to do today . Don t disturb him . Leave two guards to protect the entrance . If you need anything, then just hold it off until tomorrow . All of them responded, nobody made a comment . All of them were aware about Zhao Hai s status . He wasn t only an elder and a prince, he was a God ranked expert, a peak existence in the Continent right now . One must say that in the past, the 9th ranks of the continent could see themselves as Zhao Hai s equal . But now, nobody would dare do so, Zhao Hai was at the apex of strength . After the group left, Zhao Hai released Alien and then entered along with Shue and Berry before going back to the Space . Laura and the others were currently handling material allocation and transport . At the same time, they were also sending letters to the Emperors of the continent, informing them about what happened to the Radiant Empire . This would be used in order to spread information about the atrocities of the church, making the population lose faith in them . Besides this matter, Zhao Hai also made them ask the Emperors for their most trusted people . Moreover, Zhao Hai also stated that he wanted to promote the strengths of those on the list . As for those people that the Emperors didn t trust, Zhao Hai wouldn t bother with them in the future . The Emperors immediately believed Zhao Hai s words . They already knew Zhao Hai s strength . Don t think that the people in Demon City were all from the Buddha Empire . Among the Adventurers and Mercenaries were spies of the other major powers . Because of this, it didn t take too long before Zhao Hai s fight has been made known to the entire continent . After knowing Zhao Hai s strength, these people weren t worried about being fooled anymore . With Zhao Hai s capabilities, then he would have already acted, he wouldn t wait until now . The most happy about this situation were the people in Lyon Empire . Zhao Hai was their current Emperor . Having such a powerful ruler, it wasn t strange for the population to rejoice . Because of this as well as other reasons, the Empires immediately sent their lists over to Zhao Hai . They didn t hesitate a bit and send a huge pile of names . Upon seeing this list, Zhao Hai couldn t help but chuckle, this was because almost all of these people were 8th ranks . For Zhao Hai, this was a good thing . This would eliminate the period of turning them into 9th ranks . But since these people were the trusted people of the major Empires, it would be impossible to direct them to the battlefield . However, Zhao Hai wasn t counting on them to be on the battlefield . He wanted to use these people as a proof . As long as these people get promoted, then everyone in the continent would have faith on Zhao Hai s method . When that time comes, then there won t be any issue whenever Zhao Hai wanted to promote additional people . After the names were sent, Zhao Hai immediately took some water from the Blood Pond and then had them sent to the different Imperial Palaces for the people on the list to drink while he stayed in the Buddha Empire . After handling these matter, Zhao Hai finally relaxed . He rested inside the Space as he prepared to go to battle at any time . Zhao Hai was also waiting for the herbs in the Space to mature . He wanted to make God ranked potions as soon as possible . The Divine Race were waiting for their shield to expire, only then would they be able to start their invasion of the continent . After having rested inside the Space, Zhao Hai appeared on the City Lord s mansion the next morning . At this time, Besmir had also woken up . He had truly become 8th rank . When he saw Zhao Hai, he was very excited, he immediately gave a bow and said, Mister, thank you very much . I have already reached 8th rank . Zhao Hai nodded, then he withdrew another bottle, this one had water from the Blood Pond . Then he gave the bottle to Besmir and said, The potion in this bottle will promote you to 9th rank . After becoming 9th rank, I ll have to ask you to gather some trustworthy people in Rising Sun City . After gathering them, go and call me . I ll improve them to 9th rank so that they can have more impact on the future battles .





* * *





Chapter 725 – God-rank Army

Standing calmly in front of the Processing Machine was Zhao Hai . He looked at the machine as it swallowed up the materials on the ground, the gold coins on his inventory a million coins less . Then the machine started its timer .

This was the second time that he was making a God-rank potion . Because of this, he was now quite familiar with the process . The only thing he needed to do was wait, when the time comes, Shue’s clones would also become 9th ranks .

One must say that Zhao Hai was very lucky in having Shue as his subordinate . Shue’s cloning ability was just too formidable, it was basically a one-man army . Now that he can drink another God-rank potion, his clones would now become 9th rank as well . This thought was just too scary .

At this moment, Zhao Hai was worried whether Shue’s God-rank clones would also be able to establish a Domain . If they did, then it would be very good for Zhao Hai’s side .

The timer beeped down unceasingly . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but let out a long sigh as he said, “I hope our time is enough . ”

The one who heard him was the nearby Berry, she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Feel relieved, Brother Hai, we certainly have enough time . ”





Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, rest assured, this Shue will definitely be of use, definitely . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and patted Shue on the shoulder as he said, “Everything will be alright, there’s no need to worry about it too much . You will certainly be a huge help . In the future, you and your clones would be part of the main army . A man that can turn into a thousand would be terrifying in the battlefield . Hahaha . The Divine Race wouldn’t come soon, but even if they do, we still don’t need to be afraid of them . To be honest, I want the Divine Race to come sooner, I really wanted to see how strong they are . ” Shue nodded, but his eyes were still firm . Then Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, can I ask you for one thing?”

Zhao Hai stared, then he smiled and said, “Say it, there’s no need to be too polite to me . ” Shue nodded and then said, “Young Master, can you promote Shun next time? Out of all the people on our side, Shun is the most compatible to be my partner in the battlefield . But if the Young Master has any plans, then you don’t have to consider my request . ”

Zhao Hai laughed, and then he patted Shue on the shoulder and said, “Hahaha, I thought that it was something serious . Don’t worry, focus on having your clones become God-rank first . After that happens, then your Young Master would help Shun become 9th rank . ” Shue was overjoyed by Zhao Hai’s reply, he quickly replied, “Thank you, Young Master . ” Zhao Hai patter his shoulder once more and said, “Alright, let’s head back in . Let’s drink a couple of cups . We’ve been too busy these days, we need to relax . ”

Zhao Hai’s heart felt warm after listening to Shue’s request . Shue hadn’t asked for anything ever since he followed him . This was the first time that Shue made a request, but it actually wasn’t for himself, instead, it was for a friend . After becoming God-rank, Shue didn’t forget about Shun . This made Zhao Hai very happy .

After they arrived at the Space, Zhao Hai made Meg prepared several dishes . Then he sat with Shue in the dining room while having a few cups of liquor . On the other hand, in every city in the Buddha Empire, people who had been placed on the list have emerged to be 8th ranks, some even got promoted to 9th .

These 8th ranks can be promoted later on . As for these 9th ranks, Zhao Hai asked Cai’er to observe their current actions .

A 9th rank expert was a significant person in the Continent . Although these people were elected, it was still difficult to be assured that they won’t do anything excessive upon becoming 9th rank . But if they do, then Zhao Hai would definitely be impolite .

Besmir was now 9th rank . Aside from him, there were also quite a number of people who had become 9th rank in Rising Sun City . These people included Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves .





Besmir was now 9th rank . Aside from him, there were also quite a number of people who had become 9th rank in Rising Sun City . These people included Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves .

As the number of 9th ranks increase, Besmir’s mood had become better and better . A lot of 9th ranks meant that Rising Sun City’s fighting strength was strong . For Besmir, this was truly a good thing .

Additionally, among these 9th ranks were Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves, races who found it hard to upgrade their strength . However, once these people become 9th ranks, their strengths would be a lot more than any Human experts .

Besmir’s current emotion wasn’t unique, it had also propagated all throughout the continent . In the Buddha Empire, 9th ranks started appearing in each of the cities . This caused the people to have their morale increase .

However, although these people had become strong 9th ranks, nobody dared to act arrogantly . Earlier, there were some people who had become 9th ranks who thought that they were already great . Zhao Hai might not care about normal arrogance, but when these people started to do evil things, Zhao Hai immediately sent and undead to seize this person . After that, the undead didn’t hesitate to execute this person in front of the whole city before turning the person into an undead .

Zhao Hai’s lightning-fast methods truly frightened everyone . This caused the recently promoted 9th ranks to behave themselves .

Two days had already passed by, Zhao Hai and the others were in front of the Processing Machine . The timer on the machine was quickly approaching zero . When the timer turned zero and the beeping stopped, the God-ranked potion immediately appeared in front of them .

Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate as he took the potion and handed it over to Shue, “Shue, drink this immediately . I reckon that the Divine Race would be here soon . We need all the strength we can muster . ”





Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate as he took the potion and handed it over to Shue, “Shue, drink this immediately . I reckon that the Divine Race would be here soon . We need all the strength we can muster . ”

Shue didn’t waste any words, he immediately took the potion and downed it in one go . This time, Shue didn’t need to stabilize himself . His body just shone a blue light for a moment, then after the light vanished, Shue turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master . ” Then another Shue appeared on his side . Zhao Hai can sense the aura of a God-rank expert on this clone of Shue .

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, good . Right, does he have a Domain?”

Shue nodded, “He has, Young Master . After all, he is another version of me . The only reason he isn’t’ God-rank before was because there wasn’t enough energy in the first potion . Now that I had enough, my clones’ immediately got improved . He will have everything that I have, including my Domain . ”

Zhao Hai felt great happiness, “Great . That’s fantastic! Hahaha . I really am envious of your divergent ability . Good, good . Let’s go out and see when the Divine Race would arrive . I can’t wait to see their expressions . ” Then Zhao Hai took Berry and Shue out of the Space .

The three of them went out and arrived inside Upper Bank City . . This city was also one of the big cities in the Buddha Empire . But now, the place was completely deserted . It was actually part of Zhao Hai’s initial plan for defense, however, due to the sudden appearance of the Divine Race, they had no choice but to vacate this city .

Zhao Hai wanted to have his first clash with the Divine Race in this city . This was because of its good position as well as it being the first city to be encountered if one were to come from the Radiant Empire . It would be impossible for the Divine Race to miss this city .

The reason Zhao Hai was assured was because he knew how arrogant the Divine Race were . From the way they act to the way they talk, these Divine Race people would definitely place their crosshairs on Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai just killed the Pope in front of them while also taking three of their divine artifacts . In this situation, Zhao Hai doesn’t need to go to the Divine Race, the Divine Race would be the ones who will go to him .

After all these considerations, Zhao Hai felt relieved as he waited inside the city . He must teach the Divine Race a lesson, let them understand that the Ark Continent wasn’t their own backyard . They couldn’t just take a walk here whenever they wanted . The Ark Continent wasn’t their pig pen, and its residents aren’t their farm animals . If they wanted to conquer the Ark Continent, then they would need to show real skill . Even if they went all out, the end result was still completely unknown .



The reason Zhao Hai was assured was because he knew how arrogant the Divine Race were . From the way they act to the way they talk, these Divine Race people would definitely place their crosshairs on Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai just killed the Pope in front of them while also taking three of their divine artifacts . In this situation, Zhao Hai doesn’t need to go to the Divine Race, the Divine Race would be the ones who will go to him .

After all these considerations, Zhao Hai felt relieved as he waited inside the city . He must teach the Divine Race a lesson, let them understand that the Ark Continent wasn’t their own backyard . They couldn’t just take a walk here whenever they wanted . The Ark Continent wasn’t their pig pen, and its residents aren’t their farm animals . If they wanted to conquer the Ark Continent, then they would need to show real skill . Even if they went all out, the end result was still completely unknown .

Originally, Upper Bank city held a population of a million people . Additionally, this was also the closest Buddha Empire city from the Radiant Empire . It itself held great strategic significance . Because of this, the walls of the city were quite thick . Moreover, the city was also protected by a magic formation . Although this formation was nothing in Zhao Hai’s eyes, it still proved how valuable this city was .

After Zhao Hai’s group of three appeared in the city, Laura and the others followed them out . These days, the women were very busy inside the Space, they went out this time to taste some outside air .

Even if the environment inside the Space was very good, staying for too long inside it would also make people depressed . A change of scenery was always good .

The group stood on top of the city wall, looking towards the distant Radiant Empire . At this moment, Lizzy opened her mouth, “The population of this city used to be 1 million . Now it had turned into a ghost town . Sigh, Human affairs are truly unstable . ”

Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy before looking at the empty city streets, “This is already good . If you go to the Radiant Empire, not only would you see a dead atmosphere, you would also see dead bodies strewn around . Seeing all those dead people just on the streets would make you gasp, that scene was just too terrifying . ” Lizzy felt her complexion pale, she couldn’t speak . At this time, Shue turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, we should see whether we can make good use of this city’s magic formation . Although it can only be used for defense, it is much better than nothing . ”

 Chapter 725 God rank Army Standing calmly in front of the Processing Machine was Zhao Hai . He looked at the machine as it swallowed up the materials on the ground, the gold coins on his inventory a million coins less . Then the machine started its timer . This was the second time that he was making a God rank potion . Because of this, he was now quite familiar with the process . The only thing he needed to do was wait, when the time comes, Shue s clones would also become 9th ranks . One must say that Zhao Hai was very lucky in having Shue as his subordinate . Shue s cloning ability was just too formidable, it was basically a one man army . Now that he can drink another God rank potion, his clones would now become 9th rank as well . This thought was just too scary . At this moment, Zhao Hai was worried whether Shue s God rank clones would also be able to establish a Domain . If they did, then it would be very good for Zhao Hai s side . The timer beeped down unceasingly . Zhao Hai couldn t help but let out a long sigh as he said, I hope our time is enough . The one who heard him was the nearby Berry, she looked at Zhao Hai and said, Feel relieved, Brother Hai, we certainly have enough time . Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, rest assured, this Shue will definitely be of use, definitely . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and patted Shue on the shoulder as he said, Everything will be alright, there s no need to worry about it too much . You will certainly be a huge help . In the future, you and your clones would be part of the main army . A man that can turn into a thousand would be terrifying in the battlefield . Hahaha . The Divine Race wouldn t come soon, but even if they do, we still don t need to be afraid of them . To be honest, I want the Divine Race to come sooner, I really wanted to see how strong they are . Shue nodded, but his eyes were still firm . Then Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, can I ask you for one thing Zhao Hai stared, then he smiled and said, Say it, there s no need to be too polite to me . Shue nodded and then said, Young Master, can you promote Shun next time Out of all the people on our side, Shun is the most compatible to be my partner in the battlefield . But if the Young Master has any plans, then you don t have to consider my request . Zhao Hai laughed, and then he patted Shue on the shoulder and said, Hahaha, I thought that it was something serious . Don t worry, focus on having your clones become God rank first . After that happens, then your Young Master would help Shun become 9th rank . Shue was overjoyed by Zhao Hai s reply, he quickly replied, Thank you, Young Master . Zhao Hai patter his shoulder once more and said, Alright, let s head back in . Let s drink a couple of cups . We ve been too busy these days, we need to relax . Zhao Hai s heart felt warm after listening to Shue s request . Shue hadn t asked for anything ever since he followed him . This was the first time that Shue made a request, but it actually wasn t for himself, instead, it was for a friend . After becoming God rank, Shue didn t forget about Shun . This made Zhao Hai very happy . After they arrived at the Space, Zhao Hai made Meg prepared several dishes . Then he sat with Shue in the dining room while having a few cups of liquor . On the other hand, in every city in the Buddha Empire, people who had been placed on the list have emerged to be 8th ranks, some even got promoted to 9th . These 8th ranks can be promoted later on . As for these 9th ranks, Zhao Hai asked Cai er to observe their current actions . A 9th rank expert was a significant person in the Continent . Although these people were elected, it was still difficult to be assured that they won t do anything excessive upon becoming 9th rank . But if they do, then Zhao Hai would definitely be impolite . Besmir was now 9th rank . Aside from him, there were also quite a number of people who had become 9th rank in Rising Sun City . These people included Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves . As the number of 9th ranks increase, Besmir s mood had become better and better . A lot of 9th ranks meant that Rising Sun City s fighting strength was strong . For Besmir, this was truly a good thing . Additionally, among these 9th ranks were Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves, races who found it hard to upgrade their strength . However, once these people become 9th ranks, their strengths would be a lot more than any Human experts . Besmir s current emotion wasn t unique, it had also propagated all throughout the continent . In the Buddha Empire, 9th ranks started appearing in each of the cities . This caused the people to have their morale increase . However, although these people had become strong 9th ranks, nobody dared to act arrogantly . Earlier, there were some people who had become 9th ranks who thought that they were already great . Zhao Hai might not care about normal arrogance, but when these people started to do evil things, Zhao Hai immediately sent and undead to seize this person . After that, the undead didn t hesitate to execute this person in front of the whole city before turning the person into an undead . Zhao Hai s lightning fast methods truly frightened everyone . This caused the recently promoted 9th ranks to behave themselves . Two days had already passed by, Zhao Hai and the others were in front of the Processing Machine . The timer on the machine was quickly approaching zero . When the timer turned zero and the beeping stopped, the God ranked potion immediately appeared in front of them . Zhao Hai didn t hesitate as he took the potion and handed it over to Shue, Shue, drink this immediately . I reckon that the Divine Race would be here soon . We need all the strength we can muster . Shue didn t waste any words, he immediately took the potion and downed it in one go . This time, Shue didn t need to stabilize himself . His body just shone a blue light for a moment, then after the light vanished, Shue turned to Zhao Hai and said, Young Master . Then another Shue appeared on his side . Zhao Hai can sense the aura of a God rank expert on this clone of Shue . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Good, good . Right, does he have a Domain Shue nodded, He has, Young Master . After all, he is another version of me . The only reason he isn t God rank before was because there wasn t enough energy in the first potion . Now that I had enough, my clones immediately got improved . He will have everything that I have, including my Domain . Zhao Hai felt great happiness, Great . That s fantastic Hahaha . I really am envious of your divergent ability . Good, good . Let s go out and see when the Divine Race would arrive . I can t wait to see their expressions . Then Zhao Hai took Berry and Shue out of the Space . The three of them went out and arrived inside Upper Bank City . . This city was also one of the big cities in the Buddha Empire . But now, the place was completely deserted . It was actually part of Zhao Hai s initial plan for defense, however, due to the sudden appearance of the Divine Race, they had no choice but to vacate this city . Zhao Hai wanted to have his first clash with the Divine Race in this city . This was because of its good position as well as it being the first city to be encountered if one were to come from the Radiant Empire . It would be impossible for the Divine Race to miss this city . The reason Zhao Hai was assured was because he knew how arrogant the Divine Race were . From the way they act to the way they talk, these Divine Race people would definitely place their crosshairs on Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai just killed the Pope in front of them while also taking three of their divine artifacts . In this situation, Zhao Hai doesn t need to go to the Divine Race, the Divine Race would be the ones who will go to him . After all these considerations, Zhao Hai felt relieved as he waited inside the city . He must teach the Divine Race a lesson, let them understand that the Ark Continent wasn t their own backyard . They couldn t just take a walk here whenever they wanted . The Ark Continent wasn t their pig pen, and its residents aren t their farm animals . If they wanted to conquer the Ark Continent, then they would need to show real skill . Even if they went all out, the end result was still completely unknown . Originally, Upper Bank city held a population of a million people . Additionally, this was also the closest Buddha Empire city from the Radiant Empire . It itself held great strategic significance . Because of this, the walls of the city were quite thick . Moreover, the city was also protected by a magic formation . Although this formation was nothing in Zhao Hai s eyes, it still proved how valuable this city was . After Zhao Hai s group of three appeared in the city, Laura and the others followed them out . These days, the women were very busy inside the Space, they went out this time to taste some outside air . Even if the environment inside the Space was very good, staying for too long inside it would also make people depressed . A change of scenery was always good . The group stood on top of the city wall, looking towards the distant Radiant Empire . At this moment, Lizzy opened her mouth, The population of this city used to be 1 million . Now it had turned into a ghost town . Sigh, Human affairs are truly unstable . Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy before looking at the empty city streets, This is already good . If you go to the Radiant Empire, not only would you see a dead atmosphere, you would also see dead bodies strewn around . Seeing all those dead people just on the streets would make you gasp, that scene was just too terrifying . Lizzy felt her complexion pale, she couldn t speak . At this time, Shue turned to Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, we should see whether we can make good use of this city s magic formation . Although it can only be used for defense, it is much better than nothing .





* * *





Chapter 726 – Crystal Stone

Zhao Hai looked at how big the city was . With this size, it was impossible for it to not have a defensive magic formation . However, the capabilities of this formation was too limited when facing a God-rank expert .

But this didn’t mean that formations were useless . On the contrary, magic formations came in many types . Moreover, the size of the formation also needed to be taken into consideration .

The defensive capabilities of these magic formations mainly depend on the crystal stones used . If the energy inside these crystals was formidable, then the formation would be formidable as well . If the energy of the crystal was too low, then the magic formation would also be weak .

The issue with this was the fact that the Ark Continent rarely had big crystal stones . The current crystal stones on the Ark Continent couldn’t even block the attacks of 9th rank experts, much less God-ranks .

Naturally, Shue knew about all of this before he told his idea to Zhao Hai . After seeing that Zhao Hai was considering it, he added, “Young Master, have forgotten about the crystal stones that you discovered back in the Northern Icefield? Those crystals were very full . You can try and see what effects those would have on the city’s magic formation .

Zhao Hai stared, then he patted his head and said, “I actually forgot about those . Good, then I’ll try it immediately . Shue, you take care with the installation of those crystals while I head out of the city . After those crystals are installed, you go and feel the energy of the formation, see if it can produce sufficient energy for our use . Record all of your findings . ”

Shue understood what Zhao Hai meant, if this experiment ends with a success, then its impact for the continent would surely be huge .

Shue nodded as he made his clones appear . Zhao Hai waved his hand, withdrawing a pile of crystal stones and gave them to Shue . The clones immediately took the crystals and placed them alongside the city’s magic formation .





Zhao Hai was now outside the city . He quietly observed the situation to see if the crystals would be useful in protecting the city .

Not long after Zhao Hai went out, a layer of protective shield covered the city . This shield wasn’t the same as what Zhao Hai saw before . In the past, the protective shield that Zhao Hai saw had a pale yellow color . On the other hand, the shield in front of his was actually blue in color, one could even see some ripples occurring here and there .

Zhao Hai stared at this protective shield, he couldn’t help but place his hand on its surface . It didn’t take too long before a chilling cold air was felt . Zhao Hai gawked, but he wasn’t surprised . After all, the crystals that he put out were ice crystal stones .

Then Zhao Hai established his Domain, he waved his hand as a giant palm appeared . The palm made a fist as it attacked the protective shield .

The result surprised Zhao hai, the shield actually wasn’t destroyed . Conversely, the the protective shield blasted out a cool air, freezing the big hand .

Zhao Hai didn’t think that this protective shield would have this effect . He shook his Domain and attacked the protective shield with full force . The protective shield rippled, but it wasn’t broken . Moreover, Zhao Hai can feel the waves of cold air transmitted from his Domain . This chilling wave was very strong . If a Demigod were to be careless, then they would definitely be injured by this shield .

Zhao Hai nodded and then retrieved his Domain . After that, he turned to Shue as the latter dissolved the magic formation .

After Zhao Hai returned to the City, he immediately went to Shue and said, “What did you get? How much energy did my attack take from the crystals?”

Shue promptly replied, “Young Master, the crystals are very formidable . Your attack took almost no energy away from the crystals . Moreover, I discovered that as long as one injects energy into the crystal, it can recharge itself indefinitely . ”





Shue promptly replied, “Young Master, the crystals are very formidable . Your attack took almost no energy away from the crystals . Moreover, I discovered that as long as one injects energy into the crystal, it can recharge itself indefinitely . ”

Zhao Hai was shaken,then he immediately took a new crystal stone from the Space and poured his energy into it . Strangely, no matter how hard he injects his energy, he couldn’t do it . Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he turned to Shue and said, “Shue, give me one of those used crystals . ”

Shue nodded, then he took a piece of crystal and gave it to Zhao Hai . Upon receiving the crystal, Zhao Hai immediately tried to inject his energy into it . This time, it didn’t take too much effort for the crystal to accept energy . Before long, the crystal was filled to the brim . Zhao Hai made some calculations, the energy that he had injected was the same energy it took for an ordinary attack . It seems like the magic formation didn’t consume too much energy and it can also be used repeatedly .

After thinking up to this, Zhao Hai took a used crystal and then gave it to Laura, “Laura, try pouring your energy into this crystal . ”

There was a reason why Zhao Hai did this . After becoming God-rank, one’s energy would undergo a change, it would become much purer than before . Moreover, it would also lose its original attribute, it was simply pure energy .

Such pure energy can surely power a crystal . However, the general strength of the continent only involves 9th ranks . One must know that 9th ranks still had their attributes . Laura’s attribute was fire, which happened to be the exact opposite element to the ice crystal . Zhao Hai wanted to see whether Laura can pour her energy to charge the crystal .

Laura tried it for a moment before she shook her head and said, “Brother Hai, it’s no good . I can’t pour anything into the crystal . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Megan and said, “Megan, you try . ”

Megan nodded, then she received the stone from Laura and then tried to pour energy into it . She didn’t expect that she would be successful . Before long, the crystal was filled . Megan turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, I can pour my energy into it . The crystal has been filled . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then took another used crystal and gave it to Meg, having her try . In the end, Meg was unable to pour her energy inside . Zhao Hai can now affirm that the crystal would only attract energies of the same attribute or God-rank energy . Other attributes were no good .

Zhao Hai turned his head to Megan and said, “Megan, how much energy did it take you to fill the crystal up?”





Zhao Hai turned his head to Megan and said, “Megan, how much energy did it take you to fill the crystal up?”

Megan recalled for a moment and said, “Not that much, approximately about 1% of my total energy . I can recover it after a while . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled faintly and said, “That’ good . Let’s see how those Divine Race fellows attack me this time . ”

At this moment, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, are you planning to have these crystals power the magic formations in the continent?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “You should be aware of the situation regarding the major cities in the continent . Aside from our help, they really don’t have much in terms of defense against the Divine Race . If the Divine Race decided to cause large scale trouble, then the continent would surely be placed into turmoil . If our rear gets chaotic, then our job in the frontline would be affected . ”

Laura understood what Zhao Hai meant . The present situation was like this . Even if the Divine Race were yet to appear, they still needed to make sure that everyone was completely safe .

Iron Hammer said that the Divine Realm was much different compared to the Ark Continent . Newborn children in the Divine Realm were already 8th ranks . When they grow up, they would freely enter 9th rank . Upon cultivation, they can easily reach God-rank . This was a terrifying thing to think of .

Think about it, a plane that allows the existence of God-ranks, even if the amount of this God-ranks wasn’t a lot, they would still add up to a terrifying amount . Because of this, Zhao Hai needed to prepare in dealing with the Divine Race .

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, since these crystals can replace ordinary crystals, then would they work on magic cannons as well? Will the power of the cannons increase?”

When he heard Laura, Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately nodded and said, “This is a good idea . Let’s go and make some experiments . ” Then the group’s figures vanished as they used the Space to transfer to the Lyon Empire .



Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, since these crystals can replace ordinary crystals, then would they work on magic cannons as well? Will the power of the cannons increase?”

When he heard Laura, Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately nodded and said, “This is a good idea . Let’s go and make some experiments . ” Then the group’s figures vanished as they used the Space to transfer to the Lyon Empire .

No matter what, Zhao Hai was still the Emperor of the Lyon Empire . Doing his experiments here would certainly have no issues .

Although Zhao Hai was the in-name Emperor of the Lyon Empire, the one running everything here was actually Evan . The entire Lyon Empire knew that Zhao Hai was busy in the frontline, battling with the Demons and the Divine Race . Because of this, the Empire followed Evan’s instructions .

Fortunately, Evan had ruled the Purcell Duchy, so he had great experience in management . He knew what to do with great Nobles, therefore, there weren’t much troubles in the Lyon Empire . At the same time, these Great Nobles didn’t dare to cause any trouble . Everyone in the continent knew about how powerful Zhao Hai was . If they drag Zhao Hai behind, then they would definitely suffer .

As soon as Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the Lyon Empire’s Imperial Palace, they immediately went towards the Great Hall . When the Great Nobles saw Zhao Hai, all of them immediately bowed and said, “We have seen His Majesty . Long live!”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the Nobles and said, “I have something I need to do . Go find me a quiet place, it must be very spacious . Prepare some magic cannons as well . Remember to make this thing known to as few people as possible . Find people who are trustworthy and make them help out . ”

Although these Nobles didn’t understand what Zhao Hai wanted to do, all of them still nodded and prepared everything . Evan looked at Zhao Hai, confused, then he asked, “Little Hai, what’s happening? Did you discover something?”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he retold his discovery of the wondrous properties of the crystal . He also took out a crystal and handed it over to Evan . This crystal had great energy within, however, Evan can’t feel the energy when he held it in his hand . There wasn’t any cold and chilling sensation when holding the crystal, but Evan can see the formidable energy inside, it can truly wound a Demigod expert . This crystal was truly unusual .

 Chapter 726 Crystal Stone Zhao Hai looked at how big the city was . With this size, it was impossible for it to not have a defensive magic formation . However, the capabilities of this formation was too limited when facing a God rank expert . But this didn t mean that formations were useless . On the contrary, magic formations came in many types . Moreover, the size of the formation also needed to be taken into consideration . The defensive capabilities of these magic formations mainly depend on the crystal stones used . If the energy inside these crystals was formidable, then the formation would be formidable as well . If the energy of the crystal was too low, then the magic formation would also be weak . The issue with this was the fact that the Ark Continent rarely had big crystal stones . The current crystal stones on the Ark Continent couldn t even block the attacks of 9th rank experts, much less God ranks . Naturally, Shue knew about all of this before he told his idea to Zhao Hai . After seeing that Zhao Hai was considering it, he added, Young Master, have forgotten about the crystal stones that you discovered back in the Northern Icefield Those crystals were very full . You can try and see what effects those would have on the city s magic formation . Zhao Hai stared, then he patted his head and said, I actually forgot about those . Good, then I ll try it immediately . Shue, you take care with the installation of those crystals while I head out of the city . After those crystals are installed, you go and feel the energy of the formation, see if it can produce sufficient energy for our use . Record all of your findings . Shue understood what Zhao Hai meant, if this experiment ends with a success, then its impact for the continent would surely be huge . Shue nodded as he made his clones appear . Zhao Hai waved his hand, withdrawing a pile of crystal stones and gave them to Shue . The clones immediately took the crystals and placed them alongside the city s magic formation . Zhao Hai was now outside the city . He quietly observed the situation to see if the crystals would be useful in protecting the city . Not long after Zhao Hai went out, a layer of protective shield covered the city . This shield wasn t the same as what Zhao Hai saw before . In the past, the protective shield that Zhao Hai saw had a pale yellow color . On the other hand, the shield in front of his was actually blue in color, one could even see some ripples occurring here and there . Zhao Hai stared at this protective shield, he couldn t help but place his hand on its surface . It didn t take too long before a chilling cold air was felt . Zhao Hai gawked, but he wasn t surprised . After all, the crystals that he put out were ice crystal stones . Then Zhao Hai established his Domain, he waved his hand as a giant palm appeared . The palm made a fist as it attacked the protective shield . The result surprised Zhao hai, the shield actually wasn t destroyed . Conversely, the the protective shield blasted out a cool air, freezing the big hand . Zhao Hai didn t think that this protective shield would have this effect . He shook his Domain and attacked the protective shield with full force . The protective shield rippled, but it wasn t broken . Moreover, Zhao Hai can feel the waves of cold air transmitted from his Domain . This chilling wave was very strong . If a Demigod were to be careless, then they would definitely be injured by this shield . Zhao Hai nodded and then retrieved his Domain . After that, he turned to Shue as the latter dissolved the magic formation . After Zhao Hai returned to the City, he immediately went to Shue and said, What did you get How much energy did my attack take from the crystals Shue promptly replied, Young Master, the crystals are very formidable . Your attack took almost no energy away from the crystals . Moreover, I discovered that as long as one injects energy into the crystal, it can recharge itself indefinitely . Zhao Hai was shaken,then he immediately took a new crystal stone from the Space and poured his energy into it . Strangely, no matter how hard he injects his energy, he couldn t do it . Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he turned to Shue and said, Shue, give me one of those used crystals . Shue nodded, then he took a piece of crystal and gave it to Zhao Hai . Upon receiving the crystal, Zhao Hai immediately tried to inject his energy into it . This time, it didn t take too much effort for the crystal to accept energy . Before long, the crystal was filled to the brim . Zhao Hai made some calculations, the energy that he had injected was the same energy it took for an ordinary attack . It seems like the magic formation didn t consume too much energy and it can also be used repeatedly . After thinking up to this, Zhao Hai took a used crystal and then gave it to Laura, Laura, try pouring your energy into this crystal . There was a reason why Zhao Hai did this . After becoming God rank, one s energy would undergo a change, it would become much purer than before . Moreover, it would also lose its original attribute, it was simply pure energy . Such pure energy can surely power a crystal . However, the general strength of the continent only involves 9th ranks . One must know that 9th ranks still had their attributes . Laura s attribute was fire, which happened to be the exact opposite element to the ice crystal . Zhao Hai wanted to see whether Laura can pour her energy to charge the crystal . Laura tried it for a moment before she shook her head and said, Brother Hai, it s no good . I can t pour anything into the crystal . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Megan and said, Megan, you try . Megan nodded, then she received the stone from Laura and then tried to pour energy into it . She didn t expect that she would be successful . Before long, the crystal was filled . Megan turned to Zhao Hai and said, Elder Brother Hai, I can pour my energy into it . The crystal has been filled . Zhao Hai nodded, then took another used crystal and gave it to Meg, having her try . In the end, Meg was unable to pour her energy inside . Zhao Hai can now affirm that the crystal would only attract energies of the same attribute or God rank energy . Other attributes were no good . Zhao Hai turned his head to Megan and said, Megan, how much energy did it take you to fill the crystal up Megan recalled for a moment and said, Not that much, approximately about 1 of my total energy . I can recover it after a while . Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled faintly and said, That good . Let s see how those Divine Race fellows attack me this time . At this moment, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, are you planning to have these crystals power the magic formations in the continent Zhao Hai nodded, You should be aware of the situation regarding the major cities in the continent . Aside from our help, they really don t have much in terms of defense against the Divine Race . If the Divine Race decided to cause large scale trouble, then the continent would surely be placed into turmoil . If our rear gets chaotic, then our job in the frontline would be affected . Laura understood what Zhao Hai meant . The present situation was like this . Even if the Divine Race were yet to appear, they still needed to make sure that everyone was completely safe . Iron Hammer said that the Divine Realm was much different compared to the Ark Continent . Newborn children in the Divine Realm were already 8th ranks . When they grow up, they would freely enter 9th rank . Upon cultivation, they can easily reach God rank . This was a terrifying thing to think of . Think about it, a plane that allows the existence of God ranks, even if the amount of this God ranks wasn t a lot, they would still add up to a terrifying amount . Because of this, Zhao Hai needed to prepare in dealing with the Divine Race . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, since these crystals can replace ordinary crystals, then would they work on magic cannons as well Will the power of the cannons increase When he heard Laura, Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately nodded and said, This is a good idea . Let s go and make some experiments . Then the group s figures vanished as they used the Space to transfer to the Lyon Empire . No matter what, Zhao Hai was still the Emperor of the Lyon Empire . Doing his experiments here would certainly have no issues . Although Zhao Hai was the in name Emperor of the Lyon Empire, the one running everything here was actually Evan . The entire Lyon Empire knew that Zhao Hai was busy in the frontline, battling with the Demons and the Divine Race . Because of this, the Empire followed Evan s instructions . Fortunately, Evan had ruled the Purcell Duchy, so he had great experience in management . He knew what to do with great Nobles, therefore, there weren t much troubles in the Lyon Empire . At the same time, these Great Nobles didn t dare to cause any trouble . Everyone in the continent knew about how powerful Zhao Hai was . If they drag Zhao Hai behind, then they would definitely suffer . As soon as Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the Lyon Empire s Imperial Palace, they immediately went towards the Great Hall . When the Great Nobles saw Zhao Hai, all of them immediately bowed and said, We have seen His Majesty . Long live Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the Nobles and said, I have something I need to do . Go find me a quiet place, it must be very spacious . Prepare some magic cannons as well . Remember to make this thing known to as few people as possible . Find people who are trustworthy and make them help out . Although these Nobles didn t understand what Zhao Hai wanted to do, all of them still nodded and prepared everything . Evan looked at Zhao Hai, confused, then he asked, Little Hai, what s happening Did you discover something Zhao Hai nodded, then he retold his discovery of the wondrous properties of the crystal . He also took out a crystal and handed it over to Evan . This crystal had great energy within, however, Evan can t feel the energy when he held it in his hand . There wasn t any cold and chilling sensation when holding the crystal, but Evan can see the formidable energy inside, it can truly wound a Demigod expert . This crystal was truly unusual .





* * *





Chapter 727 – Experiment

There was a valley not too far from the Lyon Empire’s capital . This valley held no specialties, only rocks, nobody lived here . This place was called Stone Valley .

It was a different day in the generally empty Stone Valley . In this virtually unnoticed place came many people . Moreover, these people were the most influential personages in the Lyon Empire . A single cough from one of them would be able to move an entire Lyon Empire army .

Why would powerful people come to a place where birds won’t even defecate in? Along with these group of people were the cavalry of the Lyon Empire . These soldiers were carefully selected so there wasn’t any problem with them .

Zhao Hai came in using an ordinary carriage this time, he didn’t want anyone to know that he was here . This time, he came to do some experiments, so he brought ten magic cannons for the tests .

The soldiers in the valley quickly set up the magic cannons before they went to the sides . Zhao Hai didn’t dare have the soldiers operate the cannon, he was afraid that accidents would happen, killing someone in the process .





Zhao Hai went towards a magic cannon and inspected it carefully . This magic cannon was the most advanced and powerful weapon in the continent . But this magic cannon didn’t look like the cannons that were seen back on earth, it looked more like a satellite receiver rather than a cannon . The power of this magic cannon depended on the crystal stone . People would place the crystal in the middle of the cannon, then they would activate the magic formation to gather the energy inside the crystal . Then the energy would pass through the edges of the cannon and reflected onto a small plate in front of the cannon . This metal plate also held a magic formation in it, when sufficient energy gets gathered, then the cannon would proceed to fire .

The fired beam would then be sent towards the target, reaching the energy level equal to the crystal used . However, it is a pity that the crystal stones used to fire these magic cannons were of inferior quality, making its power quite weak . This was the reason why magic cannons weren’t used in the battle between the Demons and the Divine Race . But this time, the crystal that Zhao Hai had brought was not the same as those inferior ones . With the high energy contained within them, Zhao Hai prohibited soldiers from manning the cannons lest an accident would happen . The cannons were operated by Zhao Hai’s undead . At this moment, Zhao Hai took out a piece of crystal and handed it over to the undead who then placed it on the middle of the cannon and then pressed the activation button .

Not long after the button has been pressed, the entire magic cannon suddenly shone a blue light . The blue light went on to circle the magic formation before being focused on the metal plate on the middle . Upon arriving at the small plate, a beam of blue light immediately shot out .

The blue light looked the same as a laser beam . The light penetrated the surface of the mountain but to Zhao Hai and the others’ surprise, nothing happened . There wasn’t an explosion nor were pieces of rock being thrown around, everything was as normal as they were before .

Zhao Hai stared, then his figure moved and approached the wall of the mountain . He wanted to know what happened to the wall, and he couldn’t believe that the blue light did nothing . Just as Zhao Hai arrived by the wall, he immediately felt a chilling cold air . The cold was quite strong that Zhao Hai could already feel that he was in world of snow and ice just a meter away from the wall . Although there were no changes on the wall, it was evident that the soil around it had turned into permafrost .

Zhao Hai immediately dug into the mountain wall . Only after digging through five meters of rock did the mountain return to being warm . In other words, the chilling effect had actually penetrated through five meters of solid mountain wall .

This was a good result . Three meters would already be good enough, but it actually managed to make it five . From this trial, it can be seen how powerful the magic cannon attack was .





This was a good result . Three meters would already be good enough, but it actually managed to make it five . From this trial, it can be seen how powerful the magic cannon attack was .

Zhao Hai made some calculations . If this beam hit a 9th rank, then they would certainly turn to ice in mere seconds . God-ranked experts would also feel afraid of this cannon attack .

The others who had gathered here were also surprised by what happened . They knew about the power of a magic cannon . Even 100 magic cannons wouldn’t be able to exhibit this effect .

Zhao Hai nodded, then he returned to the cannons . He made the undead continually fire the magic cannon . He wanted to see how many attacks it would take before the crystal ran out .

Before long, blue light flashes repeatedly until the crystal had been exhausted . Zhao Hai counted and saw that it would take 2318 shots before a full crystal gets depleted . 2318 Demigod-level attacks, this wasn’t a small number .

Zhao Hai took the empty crystal out and examined it . The crystal was fully transparent, no energy was seen inside .

Zhao Hai turned his head and called an 8th rank expert over to input his energy into the empty crystal . The 8th rank quickly complied and poured some energy into the crystal . The crystal actually turned red from the original white, evidently showing that the energy placed inside was of the fire element .





Zhao Hai turned his head and called an 8th rank expert over to input his energy into the empty crystal . The 8th rank quickly complied and poured some energy into the crystal . The crystal actually turned red from the original white, evidently showing that the energy placed inside was of the fire element .

Zhao Hai nodded, he can now understand what this white crystal was for . After a crystal was used up, then one could place energy of whatever element inside it . However, if there was still a sliver of ice element energy inside, then it would be impossible to place other types of energy into it .

However, Zhao Hai still had a question . Would this crystal be recharged over and over? Can it be used infinitely? This seemed to be unlikely .

Zhao Hai waited before the 8th rank completely used all of his energy up . Then he took the crystal and examined it . Zhao Hai found out that an 8th rank expert can only fill up to a fifth of the total capacity of a crystal . It seems like it needs five 8th rank experts in order to completely filly up one empty magic crystal . Zhao Hai recorded all of his findings, these would definitely be useful in the future .

Zhao Hai didn’t fill the crystal up to full . Instead, he handed it over to the undead to use it . This time, the magic cannon fired a beam of red light . When this red light got in contact with the mountain wall, a loud explosion was immediately heard . A huge hole was blown out of the mountain face, ten meters across and three meters deep .

Such might wasn’t small, but Zhao Hai’s purpose this time was to consume the energy inside this crystal, so he didn’t really care much about it . After having the undead fire the magic cannon and consume the energy inside the crystal, Zhao Hai placed a bit of energy inside the crystal and fired it again . This process repeated for ten times, after the tenth firing, the crystal finally cracked, rendering it useless .

Zhao Hai recorded this result and then he turned his attention to the magic cannon . He was quite sure that the magic cannons would also wear off . After being used multiple times, these cannons should become broken . Zhao Hai wanted to see at which point the cannons would break down .

Zhao Hai inspected the current state of the cannon . Although it can still be used, cracks were already seen on its surface, it seems like its life was soon to be used up .



Zhao Hai recorded this result and then he turned his attention to the magic cannon . He was quite sure that the magic cannons would also wear off . After being used multiple times, these cannons should become broken . Zhao Hai wanted to see at which point the cannons would break down .

Zhao Hai inspected the current state of the cannon . Although it can still be used, cracks were already seen on its surface, it seems like its life was soon to be used up .

Zhao Hai nodded and then traded the magic cannon for another one . The experiments continued, one cannon after another . In the end, Zhao Hai found out that magic cannons can fire 2000 to 2500 times .

Upon completing his experiments, Zhao Hai returned to the Lyon Empire’s Imperial Palace . Then when they arrived at the Great Hall, he turned to the Great Nobles and said, “I came back this time to see the capabilities of these crystals . These stones have been acquired by me back when I was exploring the Northern Icefield . The energy inside these crystals are very formidable, you should have seen it on the magic cannons earlier . The usage of these crystals aren’t limited to magic cannons, they can power protective formations as well . When I return to the frontlines, I shall leave some of these crystals to you . Every instruction for its operation and properties shall be written carefully . Have these crystals delivered to the cities in the Lyon Empire for defensive purposes . If I were to discover that someone has been hoarding these crystals, then I will definitely be impolite . ”

These Nobles in the Lyon Empire were aware about how precious these crystals were . But they also needed to take Zhao Hai’s threat into consideration . If Zhao Hai deemed them to be enemies, then they would be in opposition to the entire continent . With Zhao Hai’s status, nobody would dare disregard his orders . Because of this, every single Noble replied, “Your will shall be done, Your Majesty . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Remember, only hand these crystals over to people that you absolutely trust . Take care of them extremely well, there shouldn’t be any mistakes . When the Divine Race comes, these crystals would be extremely helpful in dealing with them .

The Nobles issued a sound of affirmation . Zhao Hai nodded, then he took out several crystals and handed them over to the Nobles present .

After completing all of these, Zhao Hai turned around and returned to the Space to head towards the Rosen Empire . Since he already did his experiments, he can immediately hand the crystals over to the major Empires . He introduced their uses and properties and how they would be used to resist the Demons and the Divine Race . With these crystals, ordinary people could now be assured of their safety inside the cities of the continent, this was an extremely good thing .

 Chapter 727 Experiment There was a valley not too far from the Lyon Empire s capital . This valley held no specialties, only rocks, nobody lived here . This place was called Stone Valley . It was a different day in the generally empty Stone Valley . In this virtually unnoticed place came many people . Moreover, these people were the most influential personages in the Lyon Empire . A single cough from one of them would be able to move an entire Lyon Empire army . Why would powerful people come to a place where birds won t even defecate in Along with these group of people were the cavalry of the Lyon Empire . These soldiers were carefully selected so there wasn t any problem with them . Zhao Hai came in using an ordinary carriage this time, he didn t want anyone to know that he was here . This time, he came to do some experiments, so he brought ten magic cannons for the tests . The soldiers in the valley quickly set up the magic cannons before they went to the sides . Zhao Hai didn t dare have the soldiers operate the cannon, he was afraid that accidents would happen, killing someone in the process . Zhao Hai went towards a magic cannon and inspected it carefully . This magic cannon was the most advanced and powerful weapon in the continent . But this magic cannon didn t look like the cannons that were seen back on earth, it looked more like a satellite receiver rather than a cannon . The power of this magic cannon depended on the crystal stone . People would place the crystal in the middle of the cannon, then they would activate the magic formation to gather the energy inside the crystal . Then the energy would pass through the edges of the cannon and reflected onto a small plate in front of the cannon . This metal plate also held a magic formation in it, when sufficient energy gets gathered, then the cannon would proceed to fire . The fired beam would then be sent towards the target, reaching the energy level equal to the crystal used . However, it is a pity that the crystal stones used to fire these magic cannons were of inferior quality, making its power quite weak . This was the reason why magic cannons weren t used in the battle between the Demons and the Divine Race . But this time, the crystal that Zhao Hai had brought was not the same as those inferior ones . With the high energy contained within them, Zhao Hai prohibited soldiers from manning the cannons lest an accident would happen . The cannons were operated by Zhao Hai s undead . At this moment, Zhao Hai took out a piece of crystal and handed it over to the undead who then placed it on the middle of the cannon and then pressed the activation button . Not long after the button has been pressed, the entire magic cannon suddenly shone a blue light . The blue light went on to circle the magic formation before being focused on the metal plate on the middle . Upon arriving at the small plate, a beam of blue light immediately shot out . The blue light looked the same as a laser beam . The light penetrated the surface of the mountain but to Zhao Hai and the others surprise, nothing happened . There wasn t an explosion nor were pieces of rock being thrown around, everything was as normal as they were before . Zhao Hai stared, then his figure moved and approached the wall of the mountain . He wanted to know what happened to the wall, and he couldn t believe that the blue light did nothing . Just as Zhao Hai arrived by the wall, he immediately felt a chilling cold air . The cold was quite strong that Zhao Hai could already feel that he was in world of snow and ice just a meter away from the wall . Although there were no changes on the wall, it was evident that the soil around it had turned into permafrost . Zhao Hai immediately dug into the mountain wall . Only after digging through five meters of rock did the mountain return to being warm . In other words, the chilling effect had actually penetrated through five meters of solid mountain wall . This was a good result . Three meters would already be good enough, but it actually managed to make it five . From this trial, it can be seen how powerful the magic cannon attack was . Zhao Hai made some calculations . If this beam hit a 9th rank, then they would certainly turn to ice in mere seconds . God ranked experts would also feel afraid of this cannon attack . The others who had gathered here were also surprised by what happened . They knew about the power of a magic cannon . Even 100 magic cannons wouldn t be able to exhibit this effect . Zhao Hai nodded, then he returned to the cannons . He made the undead continually fire the magic cannon . He wanted to see how many attacks it would take before the crystal ran out . Before long, blue light flashes repeatedly until the crystal had been exhausted . Zhao Hai counted and saw that it would take 2318 shots before a full crystal gets depleted . 2318 Demigod level attacks, this wasn t a small number . Zhao Hai took the empty crystal out and examined it . The crystal was fully transparent, no energy was seen inside . Zhao Hai turned his head and called an 8th rank expert over to input his energy into the empty crystal . The 8th rank quickly complied and poured some energy into the crystal . The crystal actually turned red from the original white, evidently showing that the energy placed inside was of the fire element . Zhao Hai nodded, he can now understand what this white crystal was for . After a crystal was used up, then one could place energy of whatever element inside it . However, if there was still a sliver of ice element energy inside, then it would be impossible to place other types of energy into it . However, Zhao Hai still had a question . Would this crystal be recharged over and over Can it be used infinitely This seemed to be unlikely . Zhao Hai waited before the 8th rank completely used all of his energy up . Then he took the crystal and examined it . Zhao Hai found out that an 8th rank expert can only fill up to a fifth of the total capacity of a crystal . It seems like it needs five 8th rank experts in order to completely filly up one empty magic crystal . Zhao Hai recorded all of his findings, these would definitely be useful in the future . Zhao Hai didn t fill the crystal up to full . Instead, he handed it over to the undead to use it . This time, the magic cannon fired a beam of red light . When this red light got in contact with the mountain wall, a loud explosion was immediately heard . A huge hole was blown out of the mountain face, ten meters across and three meters deep . Such might wasn t small, but Zhao Hai s purpose this time was to consume the energy inside this crystal, so he didn t really care much about it . After having the undead fire the magic cannon and consume the energy inside the crystal, Zhao Hai placed a bit of energy inside the crystal and fired it again . This process repeated for ten times, after the tenth firing, the crystal finally cracked, rendering it useless . Zhao Hai recorded this result and then he turned his attention to the magic cannon . He was quite sure that the magic cannons would also wear off . After being used multiple times, these cannons should become broken . Zhao Hai wanted to see at which point the cannons would break down . Zhao Hai inspected the current state of the cannon . Although it can still be used, cracks were already seen on its surface, it seems like its life was soon to be used up . Zhao Hai nodded and then traded the magic cannon for another one . The experiments continued, one cannon after another . In the end, Zhao Hai found out that magic cannons can fire 2000 to 2500 times . Upon completing his experiments, Zhao Hai returned to the Lyon Empire s Imperial Palace . Then when they arrived at the Great Hall, he turned to the Great Nobles and said, I came back this time to see the capabilities of these crystals . These stones have been acquired by me back when I was exploring the Northern Icefield . The energy inside these crystals are very formidable, you should have seen it on the magic cannons earlier . The usage of these crystals aren t limited to magic cannons, they can power protective formations as well . When I return to the frontlines, I shall leave some of these crystals to you . Every instruction for its operation and properties shall be written carefully . Have these crystals delivered to the cities in the Lyon Empire for defensive purposes . If I were to discover that someone has been hoarding these crystals, then I will definitely be impolite . These Nobles in the Lyon Empire were aware about how precious these crystals were . But they also needed to take Zhao Hai s threat into consideration . If Zhao Hai deemed them to be enemies, then they would be in opposition to the entire continent . With Zhao Hai s status, nobody would dare disregard his orders . Because of this, every single Noble replied, Your will shall be done, Your Majesty . Zhao Hai nodded, Remember, only hand these crystals over to people that you absolutely trust . Take care of them extremely well, there shouldn t be any mistakes . When the Divine Race comes, these crystals would be extremely helpful in dealing with them . The Nobles issued a sound of affirmation . Zhao Hai nodded, then he took out several crystals and handed them over to the Nobles present . After completing all of these, Zhao Hai turned around and returned to the Space to head towards the Rosen Empire . Since he already did his experiments, he can immediately hand the crystals over to the major Empires . He introduced their uses and properties and how they would be used to resist the Demons and the Divine Race . With these crystals, ordinary people could now be assured of their safety inside the cities of the continent, this was an extremely good thing .





* * *





Chapter 728 – Shue of the Thousand Shadows

Heads covered with silver helmets, bodies donned with shiny silver armor, a long silver spear on their hands as well as a silver longsword on their waists . Although they were wearing full silver armor, they didn’t seem to be encumbered at all . Their bodies were stably floating in mid-air .

At first glance, once couldn’t see where this sea of silver men ends, they were just too numerous . All of them were just standing there quietly, as if waiting for something .

In front of this army was a group of white robed people . The ages of these people varied, but each and every one of them gave off a consecrated aura .

If Zhao Hai sees them, then he would definitely know that these people were of the Divine Race . The army of the Divine Race was no less than a million . They were now concentrated on the edge of the descended land, the soldiers were waiting for their inquisition .

In fact, they had a reason for being here, they weren’t standing here for no reason . Today was the day that the protective shield would disappear . Once it was gone, then they would immediately start to conquer the entire Ark Continent .

What the Divine Race didn’t know was the fact that Zhao Hai had long been aware of their action . Although Zhao Hai hadn’t come to the new land for a while, he already had the Blood Ghost Staff explore the area . Because of this, he can always use the monitor in order to see the situation at the protective shield’s vicinity . It would be impossible for Zhao Hai to miss this huge army concentrated on the border .

Zhao Hai was now inside Upper Bank City, ready to meet the Divine Race . In the past few days, he had sent people to the various Empires and delivered the crystals . Moreover, Zhao Hai also sent his crystals to all the cities in the Buddha Empire . Although the occupied cities weren’t a lot, they could still support themselves using the magic formations as well as the magic cannons .





At this point, the Ark Continent was prepared and is waiting for the Divine Race attack . Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t relax on his monitoring of the Demon Race . The God-ranks in the Demon camp had gotten more and more, their army increased while the construction of their city had become faster . What made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that the Demons were yet to attack the Ark Continent . Even Demon City that was the closest place faced no Demon invasion .

But after thinking further about the actions of the Demon Race, Zhao Hai didn’t take too long to understand what they were doing . The Demons were waiting for an opportunity . They knew that the Divine Race would attack the Ark Continent first, and not them . Because of this, the Demons planned to keep their position and wait for any substantial result to come out .

If Zhao Hai and the others were defeated by the Divine Race, then the Demons would immediately dispatch their troops and attack Rising Sun City . If the Divine Race suffers a loss, then Zhao Hai and the others would certainly have some losses as well . When that time comes, the Demons would dispatch their troops and kill Zhao Hai .

To be honest, the Demons were currently dreading Zhao Hai . With his formidable undead, Zhao Hai would be able to become an Overlord in the Demon Realm . With this enemy, it was assured that the Demons would pay Zhao Hai their utmost attention .

At the same time, the Demons were also happy with the Divine Race’s move . The Demons were lucky that the laws of the Ark Continent had been changed, otherwise, with Zhao Hai in the Ark Continent, it would be difficult to mount an invasion .

The Demons respect experts, and Zhao Hai was such an expert that was worthy of this respect . Because of this, although the Demons hated him, they also couldn’t help but admire his strength . Zhao Hai didn’t use any underhanded moves when waging war with them . After a battle, Zhao Hai would allow both sides to peacefully retreat . Although he was still hateful for what he did to the Demon Dragon King’s group, the Demons still had to recognize that Zhao Hai was strong .

Because of this, the Demons decided to stand by and watch . When the results of Zhao Hai’s clash with the Divine Race comes, it wouldn’t be too late for them to make their action .

Zhao Hai had a faint idea about this plan, however, he didn’t have the means to do anything about it . The Demons not making their move had also given him some breathing room . After all, his manpower was insufficient for a two pronged war .

Zhao Hai was sitting in the Space while looking at the monitor . The Divine Race were peacefully standing in their current position . Aside from the white robed individuals in front who were casually chatting, the other people were acting like wooden stakes, just standing there, motionless .





Zhao Hai was sitting in the Space while looking at the monitor . The Divine Race were peacefully standing in their current position . Aside from the white robed individuals in front who were casually chatting, the other people were acting like wooden stakes, just standing there, motionless .

After seeing this scene, Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but sink a little . These small details can tell the might of an army . This was the reason why the Chinese army paid great attention to their standing army positions . Military posture might sound simple, but this was a good testing point of an army .

These Divine Race soldiers had stood there motionless for a long time . There weren’t any unnecessary movements on even a single one of them . For all of them to stand there showed how great their willpower was . This was certainly an elite army .

At this time, Zhao Hai noted that the outer edge of the new land had suddenly rippled . Then the protective shield surrounding it started to crack, silently breaking itself apart .

Zhao Hai really couldn’t believe that a protective shield that blocked the advance of God-rank experts would just vanish silently like this .

But the Divine Race’s movement stopped Zhao Hai from his thoughts . When the Divine Race saw that the shield was gone, they immediately gave a command to the army, leading them to kill towards the Ark Continent .

After seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but take a deep breath to calm his emotions down . Then he turned his head to Laura and the others and said, “Laura, Ruyen, I’ll leave the logistics to you two . Lizzy, Megan, I’ll hand the command of the undead over to you . Shue, Berry, come with me . ”

The group nodded, then Zhao Hai led Berry and Shue out of the Space . As soon as he arrived outside, Zhao Hai immediately released two million undead . These undead immediately formed a cube formation as they quietly waited for the Divine Race to come .

At the same time, Zhao Hai also sent some undead towards the city’s magic formation . He also took out 100 magic cannons from the Space and placed them on the walls of the city .





At the same time, Zhao Hai also sent some undead towards the city’s magic formation . He also took out 100 magic cannons from the Space and placed them on the walls of the city .

After his experiments, Zhao Hai decided to keep 100 of these magic cannons with him . After all, these cannons were now able to contend with God-ranks once they’re were powered by the powerful crystals . At the moment, most undead that Zhao Hai had were 9th ranks, if these undead were to fight against God-ranks, then it was certain that they would suffer a loss . But now that the magic cannons were on play, the undead’s capabilities have increased, this was a huge advantage for Zhao Hai’s side .

The Divine Race didn’t disappoint, just two hours after Zhao Hai exited the Space, they arrived .

Their move was very daring . After they came out of the new land, they didn’t stop for a moment and just headed straight forward . From this point, one could see how proud they are .

Zhao Hai was currently standing on his Bone Dragon as he stared at the slowly approaching army . His facial expression stayed calm, he also didn’t make an initiative to attack . He knew how proud these Divine Race people were, to demonstrate their superiority, they would definitely spout out a few words before beginning their attack .

And just as Zhao Hai expected, when the Divine Race army reached a kilometer away from the city, they stopped . Then the white robed God-ranks slowly flew towards Zhao Hai’s direction .

Zhao Hai felt how strong these people were . In this 1 million army, 50% of them were unexpectedly God-rank . This startled Zhao Hai . Moreover, although the other half weren’t God-rank, they were still 9th ranks . The Divine Race were truly going hard with such a lineup .

Zhao Hai commanded his Bone Dragon to meet these white-robed people . Both sides stopped when they were 50 meters away from each other . The one leading the white robes was the one Zhao Hai took the three divine artifacts from .

That old God-rank looked at Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but coldly smiled and said, “Zhao Hai, I didn’t think that we’d meet this early . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly at the old man and replied, “Why aren’t you expecting it? Didn’t I say that I’ll be waiting for you? Right, how is your face doing ever since I took those three Divine Artifacts away?”



That old God-rank looked at Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but coldly smiled and said, “Zhao Hai, I didn’t think that we’d meet this early . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly at the old man and replied, “Why aren’t you expecting it? Didn’t I say that I’ll be waiting for you? Right, how is your face doing ever since I took those three Divine Artifacts away?”

When the God-rank heard Zhao Hai bring this matter up, his complexion couldn’t help but turn cold . He looked straight at Zhao Hai and coldly snorted, “Hmph, there’s no point in flaunting your lucky encounter . After all, you will die today . Remember the name of the Divine that will kill you, Silver Shuke!”

When Zhao Hai heard this old man’s name, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Interesting, too interesting . Such a dignified Divine actually had that kind of name, why does your name sound like it belongs to a thief? It seems like the I have overestimated the Divine Race too much . ”

When the Divine Race heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but change their expression . Divines had their own pride, they always claimed that they were a cut above the people from the Ark Continent . They weren’t able to bear being mocked by Zhao Hai . One Divine went forward and coldly said, “Brat, you dare mock my Divine Race? Do you dare have a duel with me?”

Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race as though he had seen an idiot, then he said, “What? You still do duels? I didn’t think that you would still resort to such ancient way of fighting . You Divines really do disappoint me . But since you dared to issue me a challenge, then I will give you what you want . Shue, kill this fellow!”

Shue gave a nod before his figure moved and appeared in front of Zhao Hai . He looked at the challenging Divine and said, “If you want to fight, then come . But at your level, you are unqualified to fight against my Young Master . If you want to fight him, you have to come through me first . ”

The Divine went on to throw his robe away, Shue also went forward . Zhao Hai and the other God-ranks took a step back to give the two people some space .

Shue looked at his opponent, then his expression turned serious, he wielded his axe on one hand before he shouted, “Buda Clan’s steward, Shue of the thousand shadows!”

 Chapter 728 Shue of the Thousand Shadows Heads covered with silver helmets, bodies donned with shiny silver armor, a long silver spear on their hands as well as a silver longsword on their waists . Although they were wearing full silver armor, they didn t seem to be encumbered at all . Their bodies were stably floating in mid air . At first glance, once couldn t see where this sea of silver men ends, they were just too numerous . All of them were just standing there quietly, as if waiting for something . In front of this army was a group of white robed people . The ages of these people varied, but each and every one of them gave off a consecrated aura . If Zhao Hai sees them, then he would definitely know that these people were of the Divine Race . The army of the Divine Race was no less than a million . They were now concentrated on the edge of the descended land, the soldiers were waiting for their inquisition . In fact, they had a reason for being here, they weren t standing here for no reason . Today was the day that the protective shield would disappear . Once it was gone, then they would immediately start to conquer the entire Ark Continent . What the Divine Race didn t know was the fact that Zhao Hai had long been aware of their action . Although Zhao Hai hadn t come to the new land for a while, he already had the Blood Ghost Staff explore the area . Because of this, he can always use the monitor in order to see the situation at the protective shield s vicinity . It would be impossible for Zhao Hai to miss this huge army concentrated on the border . Zhao Hai was now inside Upper Bank City, ready to meet the Divine Race . In the past few days, he had sent people to the various Empires and delivered the crystals . Moreover, Zhao Hai also sent his crystals to all the cities in the Buddha Empire . Although the occupied cities weren t a lot, they could still support themselves using the magic formations as well as the magic cannons . At this point, the Ark Continent was prepared and is waiting for the Divine Race attack . Naturally, Zhao Hai didn t relax on his monitoring of the Demon Race . The God ranks in the Demon camp had gotten more and more, their army increased while the construction of their city had become faster . What made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that the Demons were yet to attack the Ark Continent . Even Demon City that was the closest place faced no Demon invasion . But after thinking further about the actions of the Demon Race, Zhao Hai didn t take too long to understand what they were doing . The Demons were waiting for an opportunity . They knew that the Divine Race would attack the Ark Continent first, and not them . Because of this, the Demons planned to keep their position and wait for any substantial result to come out . If Zhao Hai and the others were defeated by the Divine Race, then the Demons would immediately dispatch their troops and attack Rising Sun City . If the Divine Race suffers a loss, then Zhao Hai and the others would certainly have some losses as well . When that time comes, the Demons would dispatch their troops and kill Zhao Hai . To be honest, the Demons were currently dreading Zhao Hai . With his formidable undead, Zhao Hai would be able to become an Overlord in the Demon Realm . With this enemy, it was assured that the Demons would pay Zhao Hai their utmost attention . At the same time, the Demons were also happy with the Divine Race s move . The Demons were lucky that the laws of the Ark Continent had been changed, otherwise, with Zhao Hai in the Ark Continent, it would be difficult to mount an invasion . The Demons respect experts, and Zhao Hai was such an expert that was worthy of this respect . Because of this, although the Demons hated him, they also couldn t help but admire his strength . Zhao Hai didn t use any underhanded moves when waging war with them . After a battle, Zhao Hai would allow both sides to peacefully retreat . Although he was still hateful for what he did to the Demon Dragon King s group, the Demons still had to recognize that Zhao Hai was strong . Because of this, the Demons decided to stand by and watch . When the results of Zhao Hai s clash with the Divine Race comes, it wouldn t be too late for them to make their action . Zhao Hai had a faint idea about this plan, however, he didn t have the means to do anything about it . The Demons not making their move had also given him some breathing room . After all, his manpower was insufficient for a two pronged war . Zhao Hai was sitting in the Space while looking at the monitor . The Divine Race were peacefully standing in their current position . Aside from the white robed individuals in front who were casually chatting, the other people were acting like wooden stakes, just standing there, motionless . After seeing this scene, Zhao Hai s expression couldn t help but sink a little . These small details can tell the might of an army . This was the reason why the Chinese army paid great attention to their standing army positions . Military posture might sound simple, but this was a good testing point of an army . These Divine Race soldiers had stood there motionless for a long time . There weren t any unnecessary movements on even a single one of them . For all of them to stand there showed how great their willpower was . This was certainly an elite army . At this time, Zhao Hai noted that the outer edge of the new land had suddenly rippled . Then the protective shield surrounding it started to crack, silently breaking itself apart . Zhao Hai really couldn t believe that a protective shield that blocked the advance of God rank experts would just vanish silently like this . But the Divine Race s movement stopped Zhao Hai from his thoughts . When the Divine Race saw that the shield was gone, they immediately gave a command to the army, leading them to kill towards the Ark Continent . After seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn t help but take a deep breath to calm his emotions down . Then he turned his head to Laura and the others and said, Laura, Ruyen, I ll leave the logistics to you two . Lizzy, Megan, I ll hand the command of the undead over to you . Shue, Berry, come with me . The group nodded, then Zhao Hai led Berry and Shue out of the Space . As soon as he arrived outside, Zhao Hai immediately released two million undead . These undead immediately formed a cube formation as they quietly waited for the Divine Race to come . At the same time, Zhao Hai also sent some undead towards the city s magic formation . He also took out 100 magic cannons from the Space and placed them on the walls of the city . After his experiments, Zhao Hai decided to keep 100 of these magic cannons with him . After all, these cannons were now able to contend with God ranks once they re were powered by the powerful crystals . At the moment, most undead that Zhao Hai had were 9th ranks, if these undead were to fight against God ranks, then it was certain that they would suffer a loss . But now that the magic cannons were on play, the undead s capabilities have increased, this was a huge advantage for Zhao Hai s side . The Divine Race didn t disappoint, just two hours after Zhao Hai exited the Space, they arrived . Their move was very daring . After they came out of the new land, they didn t stop for a moment and just headed straight forward . From this point, one could see how proud they are . Zhao Hai was currently standing on his Bone Dragon as he stared at the slowly approaching army . His facial expression stayed calm, he also didn t make an initiative to attack . He knew how proud these Divine Race people were, to demonstrate their superiority, they would definitely spout out a few words before beginning their attack . And just as Zhao Hai expected, when the Divine Race army reached a kilometer away from the city, they stopped . Then the white robed God ranks slowly flew towards Zhao Hai s direction . Zhao Hai felt how strong these people were . In this 1 million army, 50 of them were unexpectedly God rank . This startled Zhao Hai . Moreover, although the other half weren t God rank, they were still 9th ranks . The Divine Race were truly going hard with such a lineup . Zhao Hai commanded his Bone Dragon to meet these white robed people . Both sides stopped when they were 50 meters away from each other . The one leading the white robes was the one Zhao Hai took the three divine artifacts from . That old God rank looked at Zhao Hai, he couldn t help but coldly smiled and said, Zhao Hai, I didn t think that we d meet this early . Zhao Hai smiled faintly at the old man and replied, Why aren t you expecting it Didn t I say that I ll be waiting for you Right, how is your face doing ever since I took those three Divine Artifacts away When the God rank heard Zhao Hai bring this matter up, his complexion couldn t help but turn cold . He looked straight at Zhao Hai and coldly snorted, Hmph, there s no point in flaunting your lucky encounter . After all, you will die today . Remember the name of the Divine that will kill you, Silver Shuke When Zhao Hai heard this old man s name, he couldn t help but laugh and said, Interesting, too interesting . Such a dignified Divine actually had that kind of name, why does your name sound like it belongs to a thief It seems like the I have overestimated the Divine Race too much . When the Divine Race heard Zhao Hai, they couldn t help but change their expression . Divines had their own pride, they always claimed that they were a cut above the people from the Ark Continent . They weren t able to bear being mocked by Zhao Hai . One Divine went forward and coldly said, Brat, you dare mock my Divine Race Do you dare have a duel with me Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race as though he had seen an idiot, then he said, What You still do duels I didn t think that you would still resort to such ancient way of fighting . You Divines really do disappoint me . But since you dared to issue me a challenge, then I will give you what you want . Shue, kill this fellow Shue gave a nod before his figure moved and appeared in front of Zhao Hai . He looked at the challenging Divine and said, If you want to fight, then come . But at your level, you are unqualified to fight against my Young Master . If you want to fight him, you have to come through me first . The Divine went on to throw his robe away, Shue also went forward . Zhao Hai and the other God ranks took a step back to give the two people some space . Shue looked at his opponent, then his expression turned serious, he wielded his axe on one hand before he shouted, Buda Clan s steward, Shue of the thousand shadows





* * *





Chapter 729 – Sly Divine Race

Shue’s opponent didn’t think that Shue would become polite . This made his stop on his tracks and stare . This was because the Divine Race would usually declare their names before they attack . Cheap attacks weren’t something that the proud Divine Race would do .

Because of this, the Divine Race was shocked by Shue’s performance . He didn’t that Shue, who was rude earlier, would suddenly declare his name .

It wasn’t only Shue’s opponent who was startled, the other Divines did the same as well . They didn’t know how to handle such an action .

Zhao Hai looked at Shue and smiled . Before the battle, Zhao Hai already discovered that this Divine Race person was stronger than Shue . Shue was now God-rank, and his opponent would surely be a level above him at least . Zhao Hai had Shue battle the enemy because of Shue’s divergent ability . Shue’s clones would be able to overwhelm this person, so Zhao Hai was confident in sending Shue over .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t think that Shue would make a smart move . Although Shue’s words were unnecessary, Zhao Hai knew that Shue’s true intention was to break the arrogance of the Divine Race .

Shue was also aware that this Divine Race expert was very strong . And when the Divine Race person made the challenge, he was quite mad, his morale at its peak . If Shue went on to fight him at this state, then even if he won, he would still make a lot of effort to do so . Since this person was consumed by anger, his attacks would surely be fierce . Moreover, the other party surely has reached 2nd level Domain, his attacks would definitely be strong .

Because of this, Shue used this little method of being polite, shaking the Divine Race expert and resetting his mindset .





Although Zhao Hai understood what Shue wanted to do, he still kept quiet and just calmly looked at the opposing party . He wanted to know whether the enemy would continue with his anger or declare his name .

If the Divine Race expert decided to continue on his frenzy, then it shows that the Divine Race didn’t care for their reputation . On the other hand, if he declared his name, then it meant that the Divine Race were rigid people whose reputation is much more important to them than their lives .

Different enemies required different methods . Because of this, Zhao Hai paid great attention to the other party’s response .

After staring for a moment, the Divine expert’s complexion turned pale . However, he still restrained his anger as he gave a salute to Shue and said, “Divine Race’s Raging Fire General, Tiger Huan!”

After saying his name, the Tiger Huan immediately gave a shout and charged towards Shue . But Shue had enough time to prepare, his figure moved as he established his own Domain .

Tiger Huan didn’t think that Shue would also be a God-rank Expert who had comprehended a Domain . When he saw Shue establish his Domain, Tiger Huan couldn’t help but stare for a moment . Then he also made his move and established his own Domain .

His offensive rhythm was also destroyed for a second time . However, after seeing Tiger Huan’s Domain, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown .

Tiger Huan’s Domain was a human shaped Flame Demon . Naturally, this was a 2nd level Domain . Moreover, since it was a fire element Domain, its attacking strength would surely be strong while its defensive ability would be quite decent . Seeing that the other party had such a Domain, Zhao Hai felt that he wouldn’t be very easy to deal with .





Tiger Huan’s Domain was a human shaped Flame Demon . Naturally, this was a 2nd level Domain . Moreover, since it was a fire element Domain, its attacking strength would surely be strong while its defensive ability would be quite decent . Seeing that the other party had such a Domain, Zhao Hai felt that he wouldn’t be very easy to deal with .

Shue didn’t think too much about this, no matter what kind of enemy he was faced, he would still go on and fight them . Zhao Hai wanted him to deal with the enemy, and no matter who it was, Shue needed to accomplish the task, he didn’t want Zhao Hai to lose face .

Of course, Shue understood that the enemy wasn’t easy to deal with . He immediately made his move, along with his Domain, several other Domains also appeared, these were all made by his clones .

This action didn’t fail to make Tiger Huan stare, he just saw multiple Domains, and all of them were just like Shue’s . The first time he saw this, he immediately thought of illusions . He reckoned that Shue’s Domain had something to do with tricking one’s enemies . Aside from Shue’s original Domain, everything else was fake .

Since Shue only had a 1st level Domain, then Tiger Huan’s spiritual force should be stronger compared to him . Because of this, Tiger Huan thought that this illusion Domain was useless to him . He didn’t worry much about it as he swept the numerous Domains with his Divine Sense and looking for the real one among the fakes .

However, just when his divine sense swept through the Domain, he discovered that the Domains he thought were fake turned out to be real . This made him stare, but he still disregarded it, he thought that it was a type of advanced level illusion . Although he couldn’t completely understand it, Tiger Huan still coldly snorted and had his Flame Demon move . The Flame Demon made a loud cry before it raised its arms and formed two Fire Dragons that attacked towards Shue’s Domains .

Tiger Huan wanted to use this attack to bring out Shue’s real Domain . However, what he wanted to happen didn’t happen . At this moment, Shue had released five clones . This meant that six Shues were fighting Tiger Huan . Tiger Huan wasn’t expecting any of these at all, he thought that Shue had an illusion Domain, this wrong assumption had proven to be deadly .

Just as Tiger Huan released the two Fire Dragons, Shue immediately made his move . Two clones went forward to meet the two fire dragons . The three clones then went on to attack Tiger Huan using their axe Domain .

Shue didn’t fight with his clones for a day or two, additionally, all of them were tied by heart, their coordination was perfect . Shue commanded his Domain to chop the middle of the Flame Demon, as for the three clones, one chopped towards the Flame Demon’s head, another went for the neck, and the last one went behind the Demon, preventing it from escaping .





Shue didn’t fight with his clones for a day or two, additionally, all of them were tied by heart, their coordination was perfect . Shue commanded his Domain to chop the middle of the Flame Demon, as for the three clones, one chopped towards the Flame Demon’s head, another went for the neck, and the last one went behind the Demon, preventing it from escaping .

Tiger Huan immediately felt that things weren’t going well, however, it was too late to make a counter-attack . But still, Tiger Huan was still a God-rank expert who had a 2nd level Domain . Although he couldn’t escape, he still didn’t lose heart . He controlled his Flame Demon and made it turn into a defensive stance, capitalizing on the fact that its defensive capabilities were also quite good .

The three axe Domains hit the Flame Demon, rendering Tiger Huan into a miserable situation, he gave off a scream as blood spurted out . However, Tiger Huan continued to steel himself, as the axes fell down, he immediately changed the shape of his Domain, making the Fire Demon turn into a spherical shape . Not only did this remove the targeted parts of the Flame Demon, it also made the axe attacks deal half their intended damage .

Still, this damage injured Tiger Huan . But even so, he still didn’t retreat, instead, he became angry . He didn’t think that a strong God-rank like himself would actually be wounded by a person from a lower realm . How could a proud person like himself bear this humiliation .

Tiger Huan shouted ferociously as his Domain turned back into a Flame Demon . Then a fiery sword appeared on the Flame Demon’s hand before it attacked Shue’s axe Domain .

Naturally, Shue wasn’t held back by this development . He immediately directed his axe Domains to attack the Flame Demon once more . At this time, Tiger Huan was already aware that Shue’s Domain were not illusions, all of them were real, and their attacking strength wasn’t weak .

Although Tiger Huan couldn’t understand how Shue did it, he still knew that it had to be a secret technique . He knew that if he didn’t kill these clones as soon as possible, then the damage that they can inflict could only increase as the battle went on .

Tiger Huan’s attack was very fierce, however, Shue wasn’t intending on facing it head on . At this moment, Shue was like a pack of wolves attacking a lone bison . Whenever the Flame Demon made a move, Shue’s clone would just retreat while the others continue to make cheap shots . This would make the Flame Demon target another clone, that clone would then retreat while the others make their attacks . This cycle would continue until Tiger Huan would get tired .

When Zhao Hai saw how Shue fought, he couldn’t help but nod . To be honest, Shue’s method was very simple, but this method was very hard to deal with . However, this action needed almost perfect coordination from all the participating attackers, otherwise it wouldn’t be as effective .



Tiger Huan’s attack was very fierce, however, Shue wasn’t intending on facing it head on . At this moment, Shue was like a pack of wolves attacking a lone bison . Whenever the Flame Demon made a move, Shue’s clone would just retreat while the others continue to make cheap shots . This would make the Flame Demon target another clone, that clone would then retreat while the others make their attacks . This cycle would continue until Tiger Huan would get tired .

When Zhao Hai saw how Shue fought, he couldn’t help but nod . To be honest, Shue’s method was very simple, but this method was very hard to deal with . However, this action needed almost perfect coordination from all the participating attackers, otherwise it wouldn’t be as effective .

Breaking this method was also very simple . One was to fight and entangle on of the attackers, making it difficult for other people to come in and join . However, this method needed one to be flexible and more powerful than the other .

The second method was strength, overwhelming strength . If one could wipe out an attacker after each attack, then it wouldn’t take too long before the attackers would get consumed .

However, it was quite obvious that Tiger Huan was unable to do these two methods . Because of this, he was plunged into a difficult situation by Shue and clones . But Zhao Hai still paid attention to the fight, he was on guard against the other God-rank experts as well as the army behind them .

While Shue was continuing to fight, Lizzy’s voice suddenly came, “Big Brother Hai, there’s a change in the Divine Race Army . People have come around, intending to do a sneak attack . What do we need to do?”

Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he looked at the opposing Divine Race and coldly snorted . It seems like the Divine Race wanted Zhao Hai to focus his attention on the fight while they sent out an army to circle around to give a fatal strike whenever convenient . This was a good method, ordinary people would definitely fall for it .

The people that the Divine Race sent were all God-rank, and their attacks were much more effective compared to the undead . If they attacked an ordinary person, then they might be able to completely succeed .

But unfortunately for the Divine Race, Zhao Hai wasn’t an ordinary person .

 Chapter 729 Sly Divine Race Shue s opponent didn t think that Shue would become polite . This made his stop on his tracks and stare . This was because the Divine Race would usually declare their names before they attack . Cheap attacks weren t something that the proud Divine Race would do . Because of this, the Divine Race was shocked by Shue s performance . He didn t that Shue, who was rude earlier, would suddenly declare his name . It wasn t only Shue s opponent who was startled, the other Divines did the same as well . They didn t know how to handle such an action . Zhao Hai looked at Shue and smiled . Before the battle, Zhao Hai already discovered that this Divine Race person was stronger than Shue . Shue was now God rank, and his opponent would surely be a level above him at least . Zhao Hai had Shue battle the enemy because of Shue s divergent ability . Shue s clones would be able to overwhelm this person, so Zhao Hai was confident in sending Shue over . However, Zhao Hai didn t think that Shue would make a smart move . Although Shue s words were unnecessary, Zhao Hai knew that Shue s true intention was to break the arrogance of the Divine Race . Shue was also aware that this Divine Race expert was very strong . And when the Divine Race person made the challenge, he was quite mad, his morale at its peak . If Shue went on to fight him at this state, then even if he won, he would still make a lot of effort to do so . Since this person was consumed by anger, his attacks would surely be fierce . Moreover, the other party surely has reached 2nd level Domain, his attacks would definitely be strong . Because of this, Shue used this little method of being polite, shaking the Divine Race expert and resetting his mindset . Although Zhao Hai understood what Shue wanted to do, he still kept quiet and just calmly looked at the opposing party . He wanted to know whether the enemy would continue with his anger or declare his name . If the Divine Race expert decided to continue on his frenzy, then it shows that the Divine Race didn t care for their reputation . On the other hand, if he declared his name, then it meant that the Divine Race were rigid people whose reputation is much more important to them than their lives . Different enemies required different methods . Because of this, Zhao Hai paid great attention to the other party s response . After staring for a moment, the Divine expert s complexion turned pale . However, he still restrained his anger as he gave a salute to Shue and said, Divine Race s Raging Fire General, Tiger Huan After saying his name, the Tiger Huan immediately gave a shout and charged towards Shue . But Shue had enough time to prepare, his figure moved as he established his own Domain . Tiger Huan didn t think that Shue would also be a God rank Expert who had comprehended a Domain . When he saw Shue establish his Domain, Tiger Huan couldn t help but stare for a moment . Then he also made his move and established his own Domain . His offensive rhythm was also destroyed for a second time . However, after seeing Tiger Huan s Domain, Zhao Hai couldn t help but frown . Tiger Huan s Domain was a human shaped Flame Demon . Naturally, this was a 2nd level Domain . Moreover, since it was a fire element Domain, its attacking strength would surely be strong while its defensive ability would be quite decent . Seeing that the other party had such a Domain, Zhao Hai felt that he wouldn t be very easy to deal with . Shue didn t think too much about this, no matter what kind of enemy he was faced, he would still go on and fight them . Zhao Hai wanted him to deal with the enemy, and no matter who it was, Shue needed to accomplish the task, he didn t want Zhao Hai to lose face . Of course, Shue understood that the enemy wasn t easy to deal with . He immediately made his move, along with his Domain, several other Domains also appeared, these were all made by his clones . This action didn t fail to make Tiger Huan stare, he just saw multiple Domains, and all of them were just like Shue s . The first time he saw this, he immediately thought of illusions . He reckoned that Shue s Domain had something to do with tricking one s enemies . Aside from Shue s original Domain, everything else was fake . Since Shue only had a 1st level Domain, then Tiger Huan s spiritual force should be stronger compared to him . Because of this, Tiger Huan thought that this illusion Domain was useless to him . He didn t worry much about it as he swept the numerous Domains with his Divine Sense and looking for the real one among the fakes . However, just when his divine sense swept through the Domain, he discovered that the Domains he thought were fake turned out to be real . This made him stare, but he still disregarded it, he thought that it was a type of advanced level illusion . Although he couldn t completely understand it, Tiger Huan still coldly snorted and had his Flame Demon move . The Flame Demon made a loud cry before it raised its arms and formed two Fire Dragons that attacked towards Shue s Domains . Tiger Huan wanted to use this attack to bring out Shue s real Domain . However, what he wanted to happen didn t happen . At this moment, Shue had released five clones . This meant that six Shues were fighting Tiger Huan . Tiger Huan wasn t expecting any of these at all, he thought that Shue had an illusion Domain, this wrong assumption had proven to be deadly . Just as Tiger Huan released the two Fire Dragons, Shue immediately made his move . Two clones went forward to meet the two fire dragons . The three clones then went on to attack Tiger Huan using their axe Domain . Shue didn t fight with his clones for a day or two, additionally, all of them were tied by heart, their coordination was perfect . Shue commanded his Domain to chop the middle of the Flame Demon, as for the three clones, one chopped towards the Flame Demon s head, another went for the neck, and the last one went behind the Demon, preventing it from escaping . Tiger Huan immediately felt that things weren t going well, however, it was too late to make a counter attack . But still, Tiger Huan was still a God rank expert who had a 2nd level Domain . Although he couldn t escape, he still didn t lose heart . He controlled his Flame Demon and made it turn into a defensive stance, capitalizing on the fact that its defensive capabilities were also quite good . The three axe Domains hit the Flame Demon, rendering Tiger Huan into a miserable situation, he gave off a scream as blood spurted out . However, Tiger Huan continued to steel himself, as the axes fell down, he immediately changed the shape of his Domain, making the Fire Demon turn into a spherical shape . Not only did this remove the targeted parts of the Flame Demon, it also made the axe attacks deal half their intended damage . Still, this damage injured Tiger Huan . But even so, he still didn t retreat, instead, he became angry . He didn t think that a strong God rank like himself would actually be wounded by a person from a lower realm . How could a proud person like himself bear this humiliation . Tiger Huan shouted ferociously as his Domain turned back into a Flame Demon . Then a fiery sword appeared on the Flame Demon s hand before it attacked Shue s axe Domain . Naturally, Shue wasn t held back by this development . He immediately directed his axe Domains to attack the Flame Demon once more . At this time, Tiger Huan was already aware that Shue s Domain were not illusions, all of them were real, and their attacking strength wasn t weak . Although Tiger Huan couldn t understand how Shue did it, he still knew that it had to be a secret technique . He knew that if he didn t kill these clones as soon as possible, then the damage that they can inflict could only increase as the battle went on . Tiger Huan s attack was very fierce, however, Shue wasn t intending on facing it head on . At this moment, Shue was like a pack of wolves attacking a lone bison . Whenever the Flame Demon made a move, Shue s clone would just retreat while the others continue to make cheap shots . This would make the Flame Demon target another clone, that clone would then retreat while the others make their attacks . This cycle would continue until Tiger Huan would get tired . When Zhao Hai saw how Shue fought, he couldn t help but nod . To be honest, Shue s method was very simple, but this method was very hard to deal with . However, this action needed almost perfect coordination from all the participating attackers, otherwise it wouldn t be as effective . Breaking this method was also very simple . One was to fight and entangle on of the attackers, making it difficult for other people to come in and join . However, this method needed one to be flexible and more powerful than the other . The second method was strength, overwhelming strength . If one could wipe out an attacker after each attack, then it wouldn t take too long before the attackers would get consumed . However, it was quite obvious that Tiger Huan was unable to do these two methods . Because of this, he was plunged into a difficult situation by Shue and clones . But Zhao Hai still paid attention to the fight, he was on guard against the other God rank experts as well as the army behind them . While Shue was continuing to fight, Lizzy s voice suddenly came, Big Brother Hai, there s a change in the Divine Race Army . People have come around, intending to do a sneak attack . What do we need to do Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he looked at the opposing Divine Race and coldly snorted . It seems like the Divine Race wanted Zhao Hai to focus his attention on the fight while they sent out an army to circle around to give a fatal strike whenever convenient . This was a good method, ordinary people would definitely fall for it . The people that the Divine Race sent were all God rank, and their attacks were much more effective compared to the undead . If they attacked an ordinary person, then they might be able to completely succeed . But unfortunately for the Divine Race, Zhao Hai wasn t an ordinary person .





* * *





Chapter 730 – Blood Lightning Bead

After Zhao Hai heard Lizzy’s report, he said, “There’s no need to care about them . Just prepare some undead to be dispatched . When they attack, immediately release undead on both of their sides, we’ll eliminate them first . ”

Lizzy paused for a moment, then she said, “Big Brother Hai, then what do we do about the enemies in front?”

Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “We’ll deal with them as well . Make sure to release a batch of undead behind them to prevent them from leaving . Then we’ll have three groups of undead clash with their army, let’s see how formidable the Divine Race’s army really is . ”

When she heard Zhao Hai, Lizzy didn’t say anything more, she just complied with the instructions and started to prepare . While this conversation happened, Shue was still attacking Tiger Huan . Since he couldn’t face Tiger Huan dead on, Shue continued to attack him with wolf tactics .

On the other hand, the other Divine Race people looked at Shue and Tiger Huan’s battle with an ugly expression . They didn’t think that Tiger Huan would be placed in such a position by someone like Shue .

If they didn’t have their own plans, then they might have already mounted an attack . They were currently waiting for their army to be in their positions before starting their plan to attack and kill Zhao Hai’s group .

Zhao Hai has been observing these Divine Race people . He found that although they seem to be paying attention to the battle, their eyes were actually focused in front, which was the place right behind Zhao Hai . There might even be a hint of anxiety between their expressions .





Zhao Hai knew about what these people were thinking, but he didn’t make a move . He knew that the undead had already shifted the magic cannons to the appropriate direction while keeping it a secret to the Divine Race . The magic formation has been primed as well, waiting for the moment to be activated .

Zhao Hai understood that the Divine Race had some understanding regarding these magic cannons . After all, the Radiant Church has been in the continent for many years, it would be impossible for them to be clueless about this matter .

The Divine Race knew that the capabilities of the magic cannons were limited . Not to say them, but even in the continent these magic cannons can only harm 6th ranks at most, 7th ranks will have no problem resisting them . Because of this, when the Divine Race saw Zhao Hai flaunting his magic cannons, all of them had a mocking thought inside their hearts .

At this moment, there was a change in the battlefield . Tiger Huang has been forced into a corner by Shue, he knew that if he didn’t make a move, then he would fall here . Therefore, he suddenly screamed and then punched his own chest as he threw up some blood . Then his fingers moved as he muttered an incantation . The blood that came out suddenly floated in the air, and along with the incantation, it began to tumble until it looked like boiled water . Then the red blood slowly receded and turned black, forming a bead .

Tiger Huan gave a shout as he threw the bead over to Shue’s clones .

Shue’s clone felt something wrong with this bead, so it sent out an attack using the giant great axe, targeting the approaching bead .

However, what happened next made Shue stare . Just as the attack got in contact with the bead, the energy within it was suddenly being absorbed . After absorbing the attack, the bead started to appear clearer .

When Zhao Hai saw this bead, his complexion changed . Although he didn’t know what this bead was, he was certain that it wasn’t simple . Moreover, he can feel a sense of danger coming out from that bead .

Zhao Hai knit his brows, then he looked at the other Divine Race and saw their happy expression as they looked at Zhao Hai’s group . Zhao Hai knew that the reason of their expression was the army had already arrived behind him .





Zhao Hai knit his brows, then he looked at the other Divine Race and saw their happy expression as they looked at Zhao Hai’s group . Zhao Hai knew that the reason of their expression was the army had already arrived behind him .

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai didn’t wait as his figure moved and appeared right by the bead . Then he waved his finger as a spatial rift appeared in front of the bead, absorbing it into the Space .

The Divine Race didn’t expect Zhao Hai to make a move . This caused them to be caught off guard, however, Silver Shuke immediately responded, “Zhao Hai, since you dared to disturb the duel, then don’t blame us for being impolite . Begin!” Then the army started to charge towards Zhao Hai .

At this moment, Tiger Huan felt that the Blood Lightning Bead, which he had lost contact with, suddenly restored their connection . With a thought, he immediately compelled the bead to explode .

This blood lightning bead was a type of mixed magic . It was a combination of blood magic and fire element magic along with a hint of black magic . This kind of magic was very demanding with regards to its users, only people who had reached God-rank, like Zhao Hai would be able to use it .

However, even if Zhao Hai were to know of this magic, he would still opt out in using it . This was because the foundation of this magic lay on the user’s blood essence .

Blood essence wasn’t just ordinary blood, it was something that was connected to one’s life force . To each person, this blood essence was a very important thing . If a person lost his blood essence, even if they didn’t die, like Tiger Huan, they would still find their strengths being knocked down a level . In other words, after Tiger Huan used his blood lightning bead, his present strength as a God-rank expert has been reduced to Demigod-level .

Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of this magic, after all it was a spell unique to the Divine Race . But even if Zhao Hai didn’t know about the bead, he still didn’t dare to underestimate it . Because of this, he made a move and absorbed the bead into the Space . After having the bead in the Space, he immediately threw it back out onto a place away from Shue and in the middle of the Divine Race army .

When Zhao Hai absorbed the blood lightning bead, the Space immediately issued a prompt . Only a short contact with the Space was needed to unravel the mysteries of the bead .





When Zhao Hai absorbed the blood lightning bead, the Space immediately issued a prompt . Only a short contact with the Space was needed to unravel the mysteries of the bead .

In general, the Space’s prompt described the bead as an aggressive hybrid energy bead . The Space can use the Blood Pond in order to manufacture it and also the Dao Lotus to provide the lightning aspect . With these ingredients, the might of the Space’s blood lightning bead was much stronger than the one Tiger Huan just made,

When Zhao Hai heard this prompt, he was immediately thrown into happiness . This was an extraordinary attacking method . If he didn’t have the Blood Pond, then he wouldn’t have the requirements to do this attack . But since he absorbed God’s blood in the past, he can now use this magic an unlimited number of times . This was extremely good news for Zhao Hai .

While Zhao Hai revelled in his happiness, the thrown blood lightning bead had exploded in the middle of the Divine Race army . The blood lightning bead was truly worthy of being called a first-rate God-rank spell . This single blast along cleared a circle fifty meters across the Divine Race army .

Every single Divine Race in this 50-meter circle was killed by the explosion . But fortunately, the formation of the Divine Race was quite spacious, the blast only killed less than ten people, their losses weren’t serious .

When Silver Shuke gave his order, Shue made use of the opportunity to attack the weakened Tiger Huan . Using one of clones, he killed Tiger Huan in one fell swoop . When Tiger Huan died, a spatial rift immediately appeared right by his body as it was absorbed into the Space . Then after reappearing, Tiger Huan looked completely restored, no injury can be spotted, but his face was paler than normal, Tiger Huan has been turned into a zombie .

However, it was a pity that although Tiger Huan has been turned into an undead, he wasn’t able to promote the levels of the undead . This disappointed Zhao Hai .

Judging by the Domain that Tiger Huan used, he should be of the fire element . In Zhao Hai’s mind, Tiger Huan should be able to turn the fire element in the Space into God-rank . Even if their level wasn’t too high, they should be Demigods at the very least . Unfortunately, the Space didn’t issue any prompt .

But since Silver Shuke had started their move, Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to think about any of these . His figure moved as he pulled Shue and Berry away from the approaching army . At this moment, a war cry was heard behind him, it was the silver Divine Race army . Silver Shuke couldn’t help but make a smug look towards Zhao Hai, he wanted to see the startled expression on Zhao Hai’s face . He even wanted to say some disparaging words, knocking Zhao Hai’s pride down a notch .

But much to his disappointment, Zhao Hai wasn’t startled at all . On the contrary, he was looking at the Shuke with a smug look . Silver Shuke couldn’t help but stare, then an unlucky premonition suddenly rose in his mind .



But since Silver Shuke had started their move, Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to think about any of these . His figure moved as he pulled Shue and Berry away from the approaching army . At this moment, a war cry was heard behind him, it was the silver Divine Race army . Silver Shuke couldn’t help but make a smug look towards Zhao Hai, he wanted to see the startled expression on Zhao Hai’s face . He even wanted to say some disparaging words, knocking Zhao Hai’s pride down a notch .

But much to his disappointment, Zhao Hai wasn’t startled at all . On the contrary, he was looking at the Shuke with a smug look . Silver Shuke couldn’t help but stare, then an unlucky premonition suddenly rose in his mind .

“Is he hiding something?” The Shuke muttered to himself . Then he immediately found the answer, coming from the walls of the city were blue beams coming towards the army, the magic cannons had started to fire!

The Silver Shuke was startled by Zhao Hai’s magic cannons, however, his heart immediately calmed down, he couldn’t help but sneer and said, “Magic cannons? Hahaha . Zhao Hai, you you really think that you can deal with us using inferior weapons such as magic cannons? I thought that you’re much smarter than this . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Silver Shuke and then sneered, “Really? Inferior magic cannons?”

100 magic cannons weren’t a lot, however, an entire salvo coming from all of them looked quite frightening . The Divine Race just neglected them since they thought that they weren’t anything serious .

However, this thought made them suffer a loss . Those who were hit by the magic cannons didn’t care much about it . Some of them might cast a defensive magic, but most of them were too lazy to do cast anything . They intend to use their own physique to defend against the attacks of the magic cannons .

Only when the blue light hit their bodies did they discover that something was wrong . A powerful chill immediately rushed into their bodies . After their initial shock, they immediately went on to push the cold air out, however, they discovered that their meridians had been sealed with ice!

 Chapter 730 Blood Lightning Bead After Zhao Hai heard Lizzy s report, he said, There s no need to care about them . Just prepare some undead to be dispatched . When they attack, immediately release undead on both of their sides, we ll eliminate them first . Lizzy paused for a moment, then she said, Big Brother Hai, then what do we do about the enemies in front Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, We ll deal with them as well . Make sure to release a batch of undead behind them to prevent them from leaving . Then we ll have three groups of undead clash with their army, let s see how formidable the Divine Race s army really is . When she heard Zhao Hai, Lizzy didn t say anything more, she just complied with the instructions and started to prepare . While this conversation happened, Shue was still attacking Tiger Huan . Since he couldn t face Tiger Huan dead on, Shue continued to attack him with wolf tactics . On the other hand, the other Divine Race people looked at Shue and Tiger Huan s battle with an ugly expression . They didn t think that Tiger Huan would be placed in such a position by someone like Shue . If they didn t have their own plans, then they might have already mounted an attack . They were currently waiting for their army to be in their positions before starting their plan to attack and kill Zhao Hai s group . Zhao Hai has been observing these Divine Race people . He found that although they seem to be paying attention to the battle, their eyes were actually focused in front, which was the place right behind Zhao Hai . There might even be a hint of anxiety between their expressions . Zhao Hai knew about what these people were thinking, but he didn t make a move . He knew that the undead had already shifted the magic cannons to the appropriate direction while keeping it a secret to the Divine Race . The magic formation has been primed as well, waiting for the moment to be activated . Zhao Hai understood that the Divine Race had some understanding regarding these magic cannons . After all, the Radiant Church has been in the continent for many years, it would be impossible for them to be clueless about this matter . The Divine Race knew that the capabilities of the magic cannons were limited . Not to say them, but even in the continent these magic cannons can only harm 6th ranks at most, 7th ranks will have no problem resisting them . Because of this, when the Divine Race saw Zhao Hai flaunting his magic cannons, all of them had a mocking thought inside their hearts . At this moment, there was a change in the battlefield . Tiger Huang has been forced into a corner by Shue, he knew that if he didn t make a move, then he would fall here . Therefore, he suddenly screamed and then punched his own chest as he threw up some blood . Then his fingers moved as he muttered an incantation . The blood that came out suddenly floated in the air, and along with the incantation, it began to tumble until it looked like boiled water . Then the red blood slowly receded and turned black, forming a bead . Tiger Huan gave a shout as he threw the bead over to Shue s clones . Shue s clone felt something wrong with this bead, so it sent out an attack using the giant great axe, targeting the approaching bead . However, what happened next made Shue stare . Just as the attack got in contact with the bead, the energy within it was suddenly being absorbed . After absorbing the attack, the bead started to appear clearer . When Zhao Hai saw this bead, his complexion changed . Although he didn t know what this bead was, he was certain that it wasn t simple . Moreover, he can feel a sense of danger coming out from that bead . Zhao Hai knit his brows, then he looked at the other Divine Race and saw their happy expression as they looked at Zhao Hai s group . Zhao Hai knew that the reason of their expression was the army had already arrived behind him . After thinking about this, Zhao Hai didn t wait as his figure moved and appeared right by the bead . Then he waved his finger as a spatial rift appeared in front of the bead, absorbing it into the Space . The Divine Race didn t expect Zhao Hai to make a move . This caused them to be caught off guard, however, Silver Shuke immediately responded, Zhao Hai, since you dared to disturb the duel, then don t blame us for being impolite . Begin Then the army started to charge towards Zhao Hai . At this moment, Tiger Huan felt that the Blood Lightning Bead, which he had lost contact with, suddenly restored their connection . With a thought, he immediately compelled the bead to explode . This blood lightning bead was a type of mixed magic . It was a combination of blood magic and fire element magic along with a hint of black magic . This kind of magic was very demanding with regards to its users, only people who had reached God rank, like Zhao Hai would be able to use it . However, even if Zhao Hai were to know of this magic, he would still opt out in using it . This was because the foundation of this magic lay on the user s blood essence . Blood essence wasn t just ordinary blood, it was something that was connected to one s life force . To each person, this blood essence was a very important thing . If a person lost his blood essence, even if they didn t die, like Tiger Huan, they would still find their strengths being knocked down a level . In other words, after Tiger Huan used his blood lightning bead, his present strength as a God rank expert has been reduced to Demigod level . Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn t aware of this magic, after all it was a spell unique to the Divine Race . But even if Zhao Hai didn t know about the bead, he still didn t dare to underestimate it . Because of this, he made a move and absorbed the bead into the Space . After having the bead in the Space, he immediately threw it back out onto a place away from Shue and in the middle of the Divine Race army . When Zhao Hai absorbed the blood lightning bead, the Space immediately issued a prompt . Only a short contact with the Space was needed to unravel the mysteries of the bead . In general, the Space s prompt described the bead as an aggressive hybrid energy bead . The Space can use the Blood Pond in order to manufacture it and also the Dao Lotus to provide the lightning aspect . With these ingredients, the might of the Space s blood lightning bead was much stronger than the one Tiger Huan just made, When Zhao Hai heard this prompt, he was immediately thrown into happiness . This was an extraordinary attacking method . If he didn t have the Blood Pond, then he wouldn t have the requirements to do this attack . But since he absorbed God s blood in the past, he can now use this magic an unlimited number of times . This was extremely good news for Zhao Hai . While Zhao Hai revelled in his happiness, the thrown blood lightning bead had exploded in the middle of the Divine Race army . The blood lightning bead was truly worthy of being called a first rate God rank spell . This single blast along cleared a circle fifty meters across the Divine Race army . Every single Divine Race in this 50 meter circle was killed by the explosion . But fortunately, the formation of the Divine Race was quite spacious, the blast only killed less than ten people, their losses weren t serious . When Silver Shuke gave his order, Shue made use of the opportunity to attack the weakened Tiger Huan . Using one of clones, he killed Tiger Huan in one fell swoop . When Tiger Huan died, a spatial rift immediately appeared right by his body as it was absorbed into the Space . Then after reappearing, Tiger Huan looked completely restored, no injury can be spotted, but his face was paler than normal, Tiger Huan has been turned into a zombie . However, it was a pity that although Tiger Huan has been turned into an undead, he wasn t able to promote the levels of the undead . This disappointed Zhao Hai . Judging by the Domain that Tiger Huan used, he should be of the fire element . In Zhao Hai s mind, Tiger Huan should be able to turn the fire element in the Space into God rank . Even if their level wasn t too high, they should be Demigods at the very least . Unfortunately, the Space didn t issue any prompt . But since Silver Shuke had started their move, Zhao Hai didn t have the mood to think about any of these . His figure moved as he pulled Shue and Berry away from the approaching army . At this moment, a war cry was heard behind him, it was the silver Divine Race army . Silver Shuke couldn t help but make a smug look towards Zhao Hai, he wanted to see the startled expression on Zhao Hai s face . He even wanted to say some disparaging words, knocking Zhao Hai s pride down a notch . But much to his disappointment, Zhao Hai wasn t startled at all . On the contrary, he was looking at the Shuke with a smug look . Silver Shuke couldn t help but stare, then an unlucky premonition suddenly rose in his mind . Is he hiding something The Shuke muttered to himself . Then he immediately found the answer, coming from the walls of the city were blue beams coming towards the army, the magic cannons had started to fire The Silver Shuke was startled by Zhao Hai s magic cannons, however, his heart immediately calmed down, he couldn t help but sneer and said, Magic cannons Hahaha . Zhao Hai, you you really think that you can deal with us using inferior weapons such as magic cannons I thought that you re much smarter than this . Zhao Hai looked at the Silver Shuke and then sneered, Really Inferior magic cannons 100 magic cannons weren t a lot, however, an entire salvo coming from all of them looked quite frightening . The Divine Race just neglected them since they thought that they weren t anything serious . However, this thought made them suffer a loss . Those who were hit by the magic cannons didn t care much about it . Some of them might cast a defensive magic, but most of them were too lazy to do cast anything . They intend to use their own physique to defend against the attacks of the magic cannons . Only when the blue light hit their bodies did they discover that something was wrong . A powerful chill immediately rushed into their bodies . After their initial shock, they immediately went on to push the cold air out, however, they discovered that their meridians had been sealed with ice





* * *





Chapter 731 – Machine Gun and Artillery

The Divine Race who were turned into ice were immediately absorbed into the Space and were quickly turned into undead .

The attack of the magic cannon made the Divine Race army surprised . They never expected that the simply useless magic cannons would actually kill a hundred of them . This made the Divine Race army startled, but this disturbance quickly calmed down .

The silver commander looked at this with shock . He didn’t think that the Ark Continent’s magic cannons would actually be this powerful .

At this time, Zhao Hai led Berry and Shue back to the city . Then when they managed to enter it, the magic formation immediately activated .

When the magic formation got up, Zhao Hai laughed towards Silver Shuke and said, “Silver Shuke, are you convinced of our magic cannons now?” Then Zhao Hai’s figure vanished as he mounted a sneak attack on the approaching Divine Race army .

Silver Shuke stared, but he knew that he couldn’t underestimate the magical formation of the city . Although the protective shield didn’t look any different, he still made a careful order, “Let me break the formation first!”

The Divine Race army complied, then they reformed their square formation before Silver Shuke went to the skies and wielded his sword to attack the blue protective shield .

However, Zhao Haid didn’t care about them at this time . His attention was currently on the sneaking army from behind . These people weren’t a lot, only about ten thousand people, however, they were all God-rank experts . But even with their current strength, this army still found themselves in a bad situation . They were currently faced with undead both in their front as well as their back .





They were veterans in the battlefield, so it only took them a single glance to tell that the undead numbered about 2 million, this was a fearful sight for a small army such as them .

They wanted to do a sneak attack, going behind the enemy and eliminating them in one fell swoop . But who would’ve thought that they would actually be the ones who were caught in a trap . It seems like the enemy was aware of their actions and was already waiting for them here .

First was the magic cannon eliminating 100 of their kind, and then there was this undead ambush . Moreover, the army that could reinforce them had actually been blocked by the defensive formation of the city .

Although these soldiers were God-rank, they were too few in the end, only ten thousand people . On the other hand, they were faced with 9th rank undead that numbered in the millions . In this case, without Silver Shuke’s group, they would certainly meet a quick and unfortunate death .

After knowing about their situation, the small Divine Race army steeled themselves . They knew that as long as they resist for a long time and wait for Silver Shuke’s aid, then they would have a chance to survive . However, if they were to fall into Zhao Hai’s hand, then they would definitely be exterminated .

These Divine Race fellows weren’t fools . They came to the Ark Continent and also saw what happened to the Radiant Empire . Not a single citizen was left alive, and sole reason for this was the Divine Race’s magic formation .

These people were nothing in the eyes of the Divine Race . In their minds, these people were no different to magic beasts, they didn’t care no matter how many died .

However, the Divine Race also understood that their slaughter would definitely cause an irreversible hatred from the Ark Continent, especially Zhao Hai .

Even the Divine Race had heard of Zhao Hai’s name, this person had destroyed a lot of plans that the Radiant Church had made . If not for Zhao Hai, then they wouldn’t have been compelled to use their magic formation . But even then, Zhao Hai still had a grudge with the Radiant Church, and similarly to the Divine Race . If Zhao Hai were to forgive them, then that would certainly be very strange .





Even the Divine Race had heard of Zhao Hai’s name, this person had destroyed a lot of plans that the Radiant Church had made . If not for Zhao Hai, then they wouldn’t have been compelled to use their magic formation . But even then, Zhao Hai still had a grudge with the Radiant Church, and similarly to the Divine Race . If Zhao Hai were to forgive them, then that would certainly be very strange .

At this time, the trapped Divine Race army still believed that Silver Shuke would be able to break the formation in a short time . As long as the protective shield gets broken, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t have the time to deal with them . When that time comes, they would use the opportunity to escape the undead entrapment .

However, these people have extremely underestimated Zhao Hai’s strength . Although these people were God-rank, they were still ordinary God-ranks . And in Zhao Hai had a lot of God-rank undead in his hand .

When these people started to form their battle formation, preparing themselves to battle Zhao Hai, he suddenly made a move, throwing blood lightning beads towards them .

These God-rank experts didn’t expect Zhao Hai to throw blood lightning beads one after another . Just as they were dumbfounded, the blood lightning beads exploded .

After a loud bang, several gaps were seen in the Divine Race’s formation . Zhao Hai was very satisfied with the might of the blood lightning beads . However, he was also disappointed by the fact that the explosions of the blood lightning beads immediately turned the God-rank corpses into dust . When this happens, it would be impossible for him to turn them into undead .

However, when he saw that the formation has been broken, Zhao Hai immediately shouted, “Kill them, spare nobody!” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as all the God-ranked undead that he had charged towards the opposing Divine Race army .

Shue also made his move, 1000 of his clones simultaneously threw themselves towards the Divine Race Army . In addition, Berry, Shiying, and the light element undead as well as Zhao Hai’s own attacks also flooded towards the Divine Race army . All of a sudden, the Divine Race army was divided into different independent squads .

However, these people were worthy to be called elite . After their initial disturbance, they quickly stabilized themselves and started to resist .

These people were God-ranks who had comprehended their Domains . At this time, they simultaneously made their DOmains appear . What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that their Domains were actually the same, all of them formed a long spear .





These people were God-ranks who had comprehended their Domains . At this time, they simultaneously made their DOmains appear . What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that their Domains were actually the same, all of them formed a long spear .

When Zhao Hai saw this, his heart couldn’t help but turn cold . He didn’t care about these ten thousand people, what he cared about was the might of the Divine Race .

Selecting 10 thousand God-ranked experts with the same Domain wasn’t easy . For them to do so was a testament to their military might . This was too astonishing .

But even if Zhao Hai was startled, he still went on and continued his assault . He knew that the formation wouldn’t hold up for too long against Silver Shuke’s constant attacks . At the same time, the opposing 1 million army wasn’t something that can just be disregarded . Although Zhao Hai had placed a lot of crystal stones on the city’s formation, he knew that they couldn’t support the protective shield indefinitely . Therefore, he needed to eliminate these people as soon as possible .

Zhao Hai’s present strength was much more formidable than any ordinary God-rank . These people simply couldn’t resist Zhao Hai’s attacks . One after another, Domains were broken and people were killed before being turned into undead . In turn, these new undead would then turned on their previous allies, this was the convenience of black magic .

At this moment, Zhao Hai felt that the defensive formation of the city started to fluctuate, then it vanished . However, Zhao Hai didn’t turn back, he waved his hand and released close to ten million undead to charge towards the approaching Divine Race army .

Silver Shuke’s eyes were now red, he didn’t think that their first conquest would have this disappointing result . Under his own eyes, 10 thousand elite soldiers were being killed . This was something unforgivable, he needed to kill Zhao Hai’s group in order to satiate the hatred in his heart .

However, after he saw the dense and numerous undead, Silver Shuke knew that his hatred needed to be reeled in . He clenched his teeth as he gave a command, “Battle formations! Kill them all!”

The Divine Race army immediately grouped themselves accordingly before establishing their Domains . Almost immediately, all kinds of Domains appeared in front of Zhao Hai’s undead army .

One must say that the Divine Race really did have the real skills . Not only did they gather similar Domain, they also grouped them into teams . With this arrangement, these people would be able to support each others’ Domains in order to oppose the enemy . With how well coordinated they were, their might would surely be very formidable .



The Divine Race army immediately grouped themselves accordingly before establishing their Domains . Almost immediately, all kinds of Domains appeared in front of Zhao Hai’s undead army .

One must say that the Divine Race really did have the real skills . Not only did they gather similar Domain, they also grouped them into teams . With this arrangement, these people would be able to support each others’ Domains in order to oppose the enemy . With how well coordinated they were, their might would surely be very formidable .

However, the Divine Race didn’t expect that the undead would suddenly form their own formations . Then all of a sudden, blue light suddenly fired off . Every single person hit by this blue light has been frozen, then they vanished before coming back as an undead .

This was a type of formation that Lizzy and Megan had developed . They would use large bodied undead, such as the Dragons, and then place magic cannons on their bodies . They would then be able to be used as mobile turrets, allowing more flexibility in the usage of the magic cannons .

Although this method was good, the magic cannons on Zhao Hai’s hands were just too few . He simply couldn’t just use it to pressure the Divine Race .

However, they still had other means which were the blood lightning beads . If the magic cannons could be used by Zhao Hai as machine guns, then these blood lightning beads would be like artillery shells . A lot of undead had these blood lightning beads in their hands and would occasionally thrown them into the Divine Race army .

But Zhao Hai also discovered the the might of these blood lightning beads were also limited, especially to those God-ranks who had their own Domain . The blood lightning can still affect them, but only when it exploded in close range, of which the Divine Race could just eliminate the undead .

Although the blood lightning bead and magic cannons were limited regarding its capabilities to suppress the Divine Race, they still managed to divert some of the Divine Race’s attention . With the possible lethal consequences of these two things, the Divine Race also needed to consider dodging their attacks . As the matter stands, the Divine Race was currently mired in a sticky situation of the battlefield .

Silver Shuke was starting to worry . Their side only had about a million people while Zhao Hai’s undead numbered to ten million . At this time, Zhao Hai’s 100 magic cannons changed their crystal to fire type ones . The red beams coming from these magic cannons were now causing explosions, which was also quite lethal to the Divine Race army . These actions actually made it impossible for the Divine Race army to make a counter-attack .

 Chapter 731 Machine Gun and Artillery The Divine Race who were turned into ice were immediately absorbed into the Space and were quickly turned into undead . The attack of the magic cannon made the Divine Race army surprised . They never expected that the simply useless magic cannons would actually kill a hundred of them . This made the Divine Race army startled, but this disturbance quickly calmed down . The silver commander looked at this with shock . He didn t think that the Ark Continent s magic cannons would actually be this powerful . At this time, Zhao Hai led Berry and Shue back to the city . Then when they managed to enter it, the magic formation immediately activated . When the magic formation got up, Zhao Hai laughed towards Silver Shuke and said, Silver Shuke, are you convinced of our magic cannons now Then Zhao Hai s figure vanished as he mounted a sneak attack on the approaching Divine Race army . Silver Shuke stared, but he knew that he couldn t underestimate the magical formation of the city . Although the protective shield didn t look any different, he still made a careful order, Let me break the formation first The Divine Race army complied, then they reformed their square formation before Silver Shuke went to the skies and wielded his sword to attack the blue protective shield . However, Zhao Haid didn t care about them at this time . His attention was currently on the sneaking army from behind . These people weren t a lot, only about ten thousand people, however, they were all God rank experts . But even with their current strength, this army still found themselves in a bad situation . They were currently faced with undead both in their front as well as their back . They were veterans in the battlefield, so it only took them a single glance to tell that the undead numbered about 2 million, this was a fearful sight for a small army such as them . They wanted to do a sneak attack, going behind the enemy and eliminating them in one fell swoop . But who would ve thought that they would actually be the ones who were caught in a trap . It seems like the enemy was aware of their actions and was already waiting for them here . First was the magic cannon eliminating 100 of their kind, and then there was this undead ambush . Moreover, the army that could reinforce them had actually been blocked by the defensive formation of the city . Although these soldiers were God rank, they were too few in the end, only ten thousand people . On the other hand, they were faced with 9th rank undead that numbered in the millions . In this case, without Silver Shuke s group, they would certainly meet a quick and unfortunate death . After knowing about their situation, the small Divine Race army steeled themselves . They knew that as long as they resist for a long time and wait for Silver Shuke s aid, then they would have a chance to survive . However, if they were to fall into Zhao Hai s hand, then they would definitely be exterminated . These Divine Race fellows weren t fools . They came to the Ark Continent and also saw what happened to the Radiant Empire . Not a single citizen was left alive, and sole reason for this was the Divine Race s magic formation . These people were nothing in the eyes of the Divine Race . In their minds, these people were no different to magic beasts, they didn t care no matter how many died . However, the Divine Race also understood that their slaughter would definitely cause an irreversible hatred from the Ark Continent, especially Zhao Hai . Even the Divine Race had heard of Zhao Hai s name, this person had destroyed a lot of plans that the Radiant Church had made . If not for Zhao Hai, then they wouldn t have been compelled to use their magic formation . But even then, Zhao Hai still had a grudge with the Radiant Church, and similarly to the Divine Race . If Zhao Hai were to forgive them, then that would certainly be very strange . At this time, the trapped Divine Race army still believed that Silver Shuke would be able to break the formation in a short time . As long as the protective shield gets broken, then Zhao Hai wouldn t have the time to deal with them . When that time comes, they would use the opportunity to escape the undead entrapment . However, these people have extremely underestimated Zhao Hai s strength . Although these people were God rank, they were still ordinary God ranks . And in Zhao Hai had a lot of God rank undead in his hand . When these people started to form their battle formation, preparing themselves to battle Zhao Hai, he suddenly made a move, throwing blood lightning beads towards them . These God rank experts didn t expect Zhao Hai to throw blood lightning beads one after another . Just as they were dumbfounded, the blood lightning beads exploded . After a loud bang, several gaps were seen in the Divine Race s formation . Zhao Hai was very satisfied with the might of the blood lightning beads . However, he was also disappointed by the fact that the explosions of the blood lightning beads immediately turned the God rank corpses into dust . When this happens, it would be impossible for him to turn them into undead . However, when he saw that the formation has been broken, Zhao Hai immediately shouted, Kill them, spare nobody Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as all the God ranked undead that he had charged towards the opposing Divine Race army . Shue also made his move, 1000 of his clones simultaneously threw themselves towards the Divine Race Army . In addition, Berry, Shiying, and the light element undead as well as Zhao Hai s own attacks also flooded towards the Divine Race army . All of a sudden, the Divine Race army was divided into different independent squads . However, these people were worthy to be called elite . After their initial disturbance, they quickly stabilized themselves and started to resist . These people were God ranks who had comprehended their Domains . At this time, they simultaneously made their DOmains appear . What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that their Domains were actually the same, all of them formed a long spear . When Zhao Hai saw this, his heart couldn t help but turn cold . He didn t care about these ten thousand people, what he cared about was the might of the Divine Race . Selecting 10 thousand God ranked experts with the same Domain wasn t easy . For them to do so was a testament to their military might . This was too astonishing . But even if Zhao Hai was startled, he still went on and continued his assault . He knew that the formation wouldn t hold up for too long against Silver Shuke s constant attacks . At the same time, the opposing 1 million army wasn t something that can just be disregarded . Although Zhao Hai had placed a lot of crystal stones on the city s formation, he knew that they couldn t support the protective shield indefinitely . Therefore, he needed to eliminate these people as soon as possible . Zhao Hai s present strength was much more formidable than any ordinary God rank . These people simply couldn t resist Zhao Hai s attacks . One after another, Domains were broken and people were killed before being turned into undead . In turn, these new undead would then turned on their previous allies, this was the convenience of black magic . At this moment, Zhao Hai felt that the defensive formation of the city started to fluctuate, then it vanished . However, Zhao Hai didn t turn back, he waved his hand and released close to ten million undead to charge towards the approaching Divine Race army . Silver Shuke s eyes were now red, he didn t think that their first conquest would have this disappointing result . Under his own eyes, 10 thousand elite soldiers were being killed . This was something unforgivable, he needed to kill Zhao Hai s group in order to satiate the hatred in his heart . However, after he saw the dense and numerous undead, Silver Shuke knew that his hatred needed to be reeled in . He clenched his teeth as he gave a command, Battle formations Kill them all The Divine Race army immediately grouped themselves accordingly before establishing their Domains . Almost immediately, all kinds of Domains appeared in front of Zhao Hai s undead army . One must say that the Divine Race really did have the real skills . Not only did they gather similar Domain, they also grouped them into teams . With this arrangement, these people would be able to support each others Domains in order to oppose the enemy . With how well coordinated they were, their might would surely be very formidable . However, the Divine Race didn t expect that the undead would suddenly form their own formations . Then all of a sudden, blue light suddenly fired off . Every single person hit by this blue light has been frozen, then they vanished before coming back as an undead . This was a type of formation that Lizzy and Megan had developed . They would use large bodied undead, such as the Dragons, and then place magic cannons on their bodies . They would then be able to be used as mobile turrets, allowing more flexibility in the usage of the magic cannons . Although this method was good, the magic cannons on Zhao Hai s hands were just too few . He simply couldn t just use it to pressure the Divine Race . However, they still had other means which were the blood lightning beads . If the magic cannons could be used by Zhao Hai as machine guns, then these blood lightning beads would be like artillery shells . A lot of undead had these blood lightning beads in their hands and would occasionally thrown them into the Divine Race army . But Zhao Hai also discovered the the might of these blood lightning beads were also limited, especially to those God ranks who had their own Domain . The blood lightning can still affect them, but only when it exploded in close range, of which the Divine Race could just eliminate the undead . Although the blood lightning bead and magic cannons were limited regarding its capabilities to suppress the Divine Race, they still managed to divert some of the Divine Race s attention . With the possible lethal consequences of these two things, the Divine Race also needed to consider dodging their attacks . As the matter stands, the Divine Race was currently mired in a sticky situation of the battlefield . Silver Shuke was starting to worry . Their side only had about a million people while Zhao Hai s undead numbered to ten million . At this time, Zhao Hai s 100 magic cannons changed their crystal to fire type ones . The red beams coming from these magic cannons were now causing explosions, which was also quite lethal to the Divine Race army . These actions actually made it impossible for the Divine Race army to make a counter attack .





* * *





Chapter 732 – King of Kings

Since they cannot repel the undead, then they can’t rescue the 10 thousand trapped soldiers . Silver Shuke can just watch as they get slaughtered by Zhao Hai .

For the first time, Silver Shuke felt being powerless . This feeling only came to him when he fought with other races in the Divine Realm . He didn’t expect to have this feeling while in the Ark Continent .

The 10 thousand troops that went on to sneak attack Zhao Hai suffered serious casualties . At this point, 2000 of them were already left after the others were killed and turned into undead, and this number continued to decrease .

Nobody could blame the Divine Race army for being unable to fight back . After all, they were now being assaulted by more than 10 thousand God-ranks, and some of them were even their former comrades . These undead allies weren’t weak, and all of them were even able to establish their Domains . It was no wonder that they had been completely suppressed .

More than 10 thousand people attacking 2000 . Moreover, their strengths were almost identical . For the 2000 Divine Race army to be able to defend up to this point was already laudable . However, they were now beginning to get tired .

These people haven’t used spells like the blood lightning beard . This was because they knew that even if this magic was useful to humans, they were completely useless to the undead .

When the Divine Race went to fight the undead, they discovered how formidable the durability of these undead were . Even if their arms and legs were crippled, they could still fight for quite some time . This ability was something that was absent from these Divine Race people .





Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to care about what the Divine Race was thinking . All he wanted to do right now was to quickly eliminate this army so that he can turn to deal with Silver Shuke’s group .

After about half an hour, the 2000 remaining soldiers were finally eliminated by Zhao Hai . Then Zhao Hai turned to Silver Shuke’s group as well as the battle that was currently happening .

One could see the miserable losses that the undead had suffered . The attacks of the Divine Race army wasn’t a joke . The might of their combined Domains wasn’t any worse than the attack of the magic cannons . With how clumped up the undead were, it was no wonder that the losses were what they were .

Zhao Hai asked Lizzy and the others about their casualties, of which Lizzy provided the answer . From the time the city has been attacked to the present, the undead losses had already numbered to more than 20 thousand .

This figure was within Zhao Hai’s expectations . After all, the undead that he had sent were all 9th ranks . Naturally, they would be in a very disadvantageous place against the Divine Race . It can be said that if Zhao Hai wasn’t able to discover the might of the magic cannons as well as acquire the blood lightning beads, then there would be even more casualties . Once Zhao Hai killed 10 thousand Divine Race soldiers, then he might have already lost undead that numbered to the millions .

Zhao Hai’s new undead in the Space now counted up to twenty thousand, majority of them were from the prior Divine Race army . Only a few of them were acquired from the magic cannon attacks .

Although Zhao Hai has been doing well in dealing with the Divine Race army, it was still impossible for him to repel them . After all, the God-ranks in his hand were too few .

Silver Shuke also noticed that Zhao Hai had turned his head to their direction . His blood red eyes looked straight at him . The troops under his command had just been exterminated by this Human in front of him . Moreover, they were turned into undead, this made Silver Shuke angry . But since he was embroiled with the battle with the undead, he still couldn’t order a full charge .





Silver Shuke also noticed that Zhao Hai had turned his head to their direction . His blood red eyes looked straight at him . The troops under his command had just been exterminated by this Human in front of him . Moreover, they were turned into undead, this made Silver Shuke angry . But since he was embroiled with the battle with the undead, he still couldn’t order a full charge .

One must say that Silver Shuke was an outstanding military man . He knew that keeping a clear mind in the battlefield was essential to being an effective commander . If his thoughts were to slip, then he might get killed .

A reason why he hadn’t ordered his army to mount a full charge was because he was afraid of the blood lightning beads in the hands of the undead . To be honest, Silver Shuke didn’t look to highly upon blood lightning beads in the past . In his opinion, although the might of these beads were strong, the time to prepare them was also quite long . Moreover, after being launched, one couldn’t control them . If the opponent doesn’t dodge and just stood there, then they might get destroyed, otherwise, the bead would just be useless .

However, after seeing Zhao Hai’s undead army and the blood lightning bead on their hands, Silver Shuke discovered that his previous thoughts were very wrong . Blood lightning beads could actually be used as an ultimate weapon, it almost single handedly blocked the advance of the Divine Race army .

If these undead only threw the blood lightning beads, then Shuke wouldn’t have been worried since the explosions can just be easily avoided . As long as they coordinate well, then they can definitely avoid the blood lightning beads .

However, Shuke was quick to discover that the undead had another method of using the blood lightning beads . As long as a soldier takes the initiative to clash, then the undead would immediately take several blood lightning beads and directly detonates itself near the soldier . This would ensure mutual destruction to both parties . This was the method that gave Silver Shuke the most headache .

The undead weren’t afraid of death, however, it was a different matter regarding the Divine Race . Although they had formidable strength, they were still people in the end, they were also afraid of death . Because of this, the suicide attacks of the undead had made them afraid to proceed any further .

Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t want to use such a methods . The undead in the Space were intelligent, they weren’t any different from a normal person . In this case, making the undead kill themselves by explosion left Zhao Hai a bad taste in his mouth .

However, if he didn’t do this, then he wouldn’t be able to block the attacks of the Divine Race . This method wasn’t Zhao Hai’s original thought . Back on Earth, he had seen suicide bombers in the TV, bombs in driven cars or even just inside walking people . Whenever he sees these, he would groan, but he didn’t think that he himself would have do it .





However, if he didn’t do this, then he wouldn’t be able to block the attacks of the Divine Race . This method wasn’t Zhao Hai’s original thought . Back on Earth, he had seen suicide bombers in the TV, bombs in driven cars or even just inside walking people . Whenever he sees these, he would groan, but he didn’t think that he himself would have do it .

In the end, Zhao Hai had to recognize how effective this method was . After a few suicide bombings by the undead, Silver Shuke began to hesitate in launching a full scale attack . This caused both sides to be in a stalemate .

Zhao Hai also looked at the other big contributors in this war, which were the magic cannons . After discovering the use of the crystals, the power of the magic cannons have been increased, becoming terrifying weapons in Zhao Hai’s hands .

But Zhao Hai was still not satisfied with this . He had all the alchemist in the continent unite and start to develop a new magic cannon . He had three requests for them, make a powerful cannon, make it more durable than the existing ones, and make them waste as less energy as possible .

Before the new magic cannon was developed, Zhao Hai had already told Patriarch Billy about it, having the Dwarves help with the process . Zhao Hai wanted to produce the ultimate magic cannon that was fit to be used in the war .

The newly promoted 9th ranks now had a new purpose, they were now in charge of refilling the empty crystal stones .

Zhao Hai had a lot of these crystals in the Space . Moreover, he has Bubble, so the Space can produce these crystals over and over . However, Zhao Hai didn’t like the crystals produced by the Space, this was because most of them were of the water element . Although water element crystals were still formidable, they weren’t really geared towards offensive attacks . What Zhao Hai liked to have were fire element crystals since they had an explosive effect, causing the most amount of casualties in the battlefield . Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to have fire element crystals to be supplied towards the frontline .

Fortunately, crystals can store energy of a different element once they are used up, making it possible to have a lot of fire element crystals . In order to meet his demand, Zhao Hai adjusted his criteria to promote people who had the fire attribute to 9th rank . He wanted to have as much fire element 9th ranks to charge the crystals .

The people on the continent had no qualms regarding Zhao Hai’s action . At this point, everyone knew about Zhao Hai’s efforts in the frontlines against the Demons and the Divine Race . Therefore, they did as much as they could to not pull on Zhao Hai’s leg .



Fortunately, crystals can store energy of a different element once they are used up, making it possible to have a lot of fire element crystals . In order to meet his demand, Zhao Hai adjusted his criteria to promote people who had the fire attribute to 9th rank . He wanted to have as much fire element 9th ranks to charge the crystals .

The people on the continent had no qualms regarding Zhao Hai’s action . At this point, everyone knew about Zhao Hai’s efforts in the frontlines against the Demons and the Divine Race . Therefore, they did as much as they could to not pull on Zhao Hai’s leg .

The continent’s most powerful nation’s Emperor, the Rosen Emperor, was Zhao Hai’s father in law . In the Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai was the acting Emperor . The Buddha Emperor currently had his people take refuge in the Lyon Empire, so naturally, he would give Zhao Hai some face . At the same time, the Aksu Empire was too far from their previous power . And even if they were in their heyday, they would still refrain from going against Zhao Hai . Not only are they adjacent to the Rosen Empire, they were also right beside the Black Wasteland, of which Zhao Hai’s elite troops were stationed in . In this case, nobody in the continent would dare bare their fangs towards Zhao Hai’s direction .

Just as the Dwarf prediction said, Zhao Hai had now become the Ark Continent’s King of Kings . Although he wasn’t explicitly crowned, every single resident of the continent were still listening to his words .

At the same time, the other races of the continent also didn’t have any problems with Zhao hai . Although Zhao Hai promoted a lot of Humans to 9th ranks, he wasn’t neglecting the other races . Beastmen, Dwarves, Elves, Fishmen, all of them were given spatial water and blood pond water in order to have their own 9th ranks .

Because of this, the other major races gave Zhao Hai their approval, giving him their complete support . Zhao Hai can now be said to be the uncrowned King of the entire Ark Continent .

While the research for the new magic cannon was ongoing, Zhao Hai also sent an order to all of the races . He wanted them to search for crystal stones . Zhao Hai didn’t believe that only the Northern Icefield had these crystals . He believes that these crystals also existed on other parts of the continent, it was just that nobody paid any attention to them . Zhao Hai wanted to scour the entire continent for these crystals in order to aid the continent in the future war .

Although crystals can be recharged, they still had their breaking point . This meant that the crystals were consumable . They would certainly need as much crystals as then can in order to curb any shortages that may happen in the future .

While Zhao Hai was thinking about the magic cannons, he suddenly felt a deep and hateful gaze . He turned his head to look and saw that it was Silver Shuke!

 Chapter 732 King of Kings Since they cannot repel the undead, then they can t rescue the 10 thousand trapped soldiers . Silver Shuke can just watch as they get slaughtered by Zhao Hai . For the first time, Silver Shuke felt being powerless . This feeling only came to him when he fought with other races in the Divine Realm . He didn t expect to have this feeling while in the Ark Continent . The 10 thousand troops that went on to sneak attack Zhao Hai suffered serious casualties . At this point, 2000 of them were already left after the others were killed and turned into undead, and this number continued to decrease . Nobody could blame the Divine Race army for being unable to fight back . After all, they were now being assaulted by more than 10 thousand God ranks, and some of them were even their former comrades . These undead allies weren t weak, and all of them were even able to establish their Domains . It was no wonder that they had been completely suppressed . More than 10 thousand people attacking 2000 . Moreover, their strengths were almost identical . For the 2000 Divine Race army to be able to defend up to this point was already laudable . However, they were now beginning to get tired . These people haven t used spells like the blood lightning beard . This was because they knew that even if this magic was useful to humans, they were completely useless to the undead . When the Divine Race went to fight the undead, they discovered how formidable the durability of these undead were . Even if their arms and legs were crippled, they could still fight for quite some time . This ability was something that was absent from these Divine Race people . Zhao Hai didn t have the mood to care about what the Divine Race was thinking . All he wanted to do right now was to quickly eliminate this army so that he can turn to deal with Silver Shuke s group . After about half an hour, the 2000 remaining soldiers were finally eliminated by Zhao Hai . Then Zhao Hai turned to Silver Shuke s group as well as the battle that was currently happening . One could see the miserable losses that the undead had suffered . The attacks of the Divine Race army wasn t a joke . The might of their combined Domains wasn t any worse than the attack of the magic cannons . With how clumped up the undead were, it was no wonder that the losses were what they were . Zhao Hai asked Lizzy and the others about their casualties, of which Lizzy provided the answer . From the time the city has been attacked to the present, the undead losses had already numbered to more than 20 thousand . This figure was within Zhao Hai s expectations . After all, the undead that he had sent were all 9th ranks . Naturally, they would be in a very disadvantageous place against the Divine Race . It can be said that if Zhao Hai wasn t able to discover the might of the magic cannons as well as acquire the blood lightning beads, then there would be even more casualties . Once Zhao Hai killed 10 thousand Divine Race soldiers, then he might have already lost undead that numbered to the millions . Zhao Hai s new undead in the Space now counted up to twenty thousand, majority of them were from the prior Divine Race army . Only a few of them were acquired from the magic cannon attacks . Although Zhao Hai has been doing well in dealing with the Divine Race army, it was still impossible for him to repel them . After all, the God ranks in his hand were too few . Silver Shuke also noticed that Zhao Hai had turned his head to their direction . His blood red eyes looked straight at him . The troops under his command had just been exterminated by this Human in front of him . Moreover, they were turned into undead, this made Silver Shuke angry . But since he was embroiled with the battle with the undead, he still couldn t order a full charge . One must say that Silver Shuke was an outstanding military man . He knew that keeping a clear mind in the battlefield was essential to being an effective commander . If his thoughts were to slip, then he might get killed . A reason why he hadn t ordered his army to mount a full charge was because he was afraid of the blood lightning beads in the hands of the undead . To be honest, Silver Shuke didn t look to highly upon blood lightning beads in the past . In his opinion, although the might of these beads were strong, the time to prepare them was also quite long . Moreover, after being launched, one couldn t control them . If the opponent doesn t dodge and just stood there, then they might get destroyed, otherwise, the bead would just be useless . However, after seeing Zhao Hai s undead army and the blood lightning bead on their hands, Silver Shuke discovered that his previous thoughts were very wrong . Blood lightning beads could actually be used as an ultimate weapon, it almost single handedly blocked the advance of the Divine Race army . If these undead only threw the blood lightning beads, then Shuke wouldn t have been worried since the explosions can just be easily avoided . As long as they coordinate well, then they can definitely avoid the blood lightning beads . However, Shuke was quick to discover that the undead had another method of using the blood lightning beads . As long as a soldier takes the initiative to clash, then the undead would immediately take several blood lightning beads and directly detonates itself near the soldier . This would ensure mutual destruction to both parties . This was the method that gave Silver Shuke the most headache . The undead weren t afraid of death, however, it was a different matter regarding the Divine Race . Although they had formidable strength, they were still people in the end, they were also afraid of death . Because of this, the suicide attacks of the undead had made them afraid to proceed any further . Actually, Zhao Hai didn t want to use such a methods . The undead in the Space were intelligent, they weren t any different from a normal person . In this case, making the undead kill themselves by explosion left Zhao Hai a bad taste in his mouth . However, if he didn t do this, then he wouldn t be able to block the attacks of the Divine Race . This method wasn t Zhao Hai s original thought . Back on Earth, he had seen suicide bombers in the TV, bombs in driven cars or even just inside walking people . Whenever he sees these, he would groan, but he didn t think that he himself would have do it . In the end, Zhao Hai had to recognize how effective this method was . After a few suicide bombings by the undead, Silver Shuke began to hesitate in launching a full scale attack . This caused both sides to be in a stalemate . Zhao Hai also looked at the other big contributors in this war, which were the magic cannons . After discovering the use of the crystals, the power of the magic cannons have been increased, becoming terrifying weapons in Zhao Hai s hands . But Zhao Hai was still not satisfied with this . He had all the alchemist in the continent unite and start to develop a new magic cannon . He had three requests for them, make a powerful cannon, make it more durable than the existing ones, and make them waste as less energy as possible . Before the new magic cannon was developed, Zhao Hai had already told Patriarch Billy about it, having the Dwarves help with the process . Zhao Hai wanted to produce the ultimate magic cannon that was fit to be used in the war . The newly promoted 9th ranks now had a new purpose, they were now in charge of refilling the empty crystal stones . Zhao Hai had a lot of these crystals in the Space . Moreover, he has Bubble, so the Space can produce these crystals over and over . However, Zhao Hai didn t like the crystals produced by the Space, this was because most of them were of the water element . Although water element crystals were still formidable, they weren t really geared towards offensive attacks . What Zhao Hai liked to have were fire element crystals since they had an explosive effect, causing the most amount of casualties in the battlefield . Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to have fire element crystals to be supplied towards the frontline . Fortunately, crystals can store energy of a different element once they are used up, making it possible to have a lot of fire element crystals . In order to meet his demand, Zhao Hai adjusted his criteria to promote people who had the fire attribute to 9th rank . He wanted to have as much fire element 9th ranks to charge the crystals . The people on the continent had no qualms regarding Zhao Hai s action . At this point, everyone knew about Zhao Hai s efforts in the frontlines against the Demons and the Divine Race . Therefore, they did as much as they could to not pull on Zhao Hai s leg . The continent s most powerful nation s Emperor, the Rosen Emperor, was Zhao Hai s father in law . In the Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai was the acting Emperor . The Buddha Emperor currently had his people take refuge in the Lyon Empire, so naturally, he would give Zhao Hai some face . At the same time, the Aksu Empire was too far from their previous power . And even if they were in their heyday, they would still refrain from going against Zhao Hai . Not only are they adjacent to the Rosen Empire, they were also right beside the Black Wasteland, of which Zhao Hai s elite troops were stationed in . In this case, nobody in the continent would dare bare their fangs towards Zhao Hai s direction . Just as the Dwarf prediction said, Zhao Hai had now become the Ark Continent s King of Kings . Although he wasn t explicitly crowned, every single resident of the continent were still listening to his words . At the same time, the other races of the continent also didn t have any problems with Zhao hai . Although Zhao Hai promoted a lot of Humans to 9th ranks, he wasn t neglecting the other races . Beastmen, Dwarves, Elves, Fishmen, all of them were given spatial water and blood pond water in order to have their own 9th ranks . Because of this, the other major races gave Zhao Hai their approval, giving him their complete support . Zhao Hai can now be said to be the uncrowned King of the entire Ark Continent . While the research for the new magic cannon was ongoing, Zhao Hai also sent an order to all of the races . He wanted them to search for crystal stones . Zhao Hai didn t believe that only the Northern Icefield had these crystals . He believes that these crystals also existed on other parts of the continent, it was just that nobody paid any attention to them . Zhao Hai wanted to scour the entire continent for these crystals in order to aid the continent in the future war . Although crystals can be recharged, they still had their breaking point . This meant that the crystals were consumable . They would certainly need as much crystals as then can in order to curb any shortages that may happen in the future . While Zhao Hai was thinking about the magic cannons, he suddenly felt a deep and hateful gaze . He turned his head to look and saw that it was Silver Shuke





* * *





Chapter 733 – Formidable Diamond Ape Tribe

Silver Shuke’s fiery eyes were looking straight at Zhao Hai . If looks could kill, then Zhao Hai would have already died 10 thousand times . Shuke’s hatred towards Zhao Hai couldn’t be described through words .

Of course, Zhao Hai wasn’t intending to become friends with him . After all, the Radiant Empire’s citizens have been used by the Divine Race to activate their formation . Zhao Hai and the Divine Race’s enmity had now reached a point of no return .

Zhao Hai wasn’t a hero, and to be honest, he didn’t want to be . If not for the Demons and the Divine Race forcing him, then he wouldn’t have stepped forward . He wasn’t afraid to live off of two acres of land with his wives, have a kid who would give him headaches, and even a cow to take care of . Inside his heart, Zhao Hai really didn’t have that much of an ambition .

However, the pressure brought by both the Demons and the Divine Race had compelled him to fight for survival, making him end up to where he is today . He didn’t want to be a hero, but he already made a lot of connections in the continent, he had friends, relatives, loved ones, his home, and he didn’t want all of them to get affected .

The people in the Radiant Empire had nothing to do with him, he hadn’t even visited the country before . He thought of it as the lair of the Radiant Church, his biggest nemesis . Therefore, how could he visit such a place .

However, he couldn’t help but be enraged when he saw the fate of the Radiant Empire’s citizens . This meant that the Divine Race didn’t see the people in the Ark Continent as people, and this angered Zhao Hai .





In fact, in Zhao Hai’s eyes, the Divine Race were no longer people . They were monsters in humans skin, they were beings that would forever be his enemies .

Zhao Hai looked at Silver Shuke and then smiled faintly . He gave Silver Shuke a small bow as he said, “Thief Shuke, do you still want to decide victory and defeat today?” Silver Shuke knew what Zhao Hai meant . Before, Zhao Hai said that his name sounded like a thief’s name, so he called Shuke Thief Shuke . To be honest, Zhao Hai’s naming had made Shuke feel uncomfortable, however, he couldn’t do anything about it .

After Zhao Hai said this, Shuke looked at the army that he brought . Some of his men were turned into undead by Zhao Hai, and more than 20 thousand of them were blown up by the blood lightning bead . The losses of this battle had exceeded 30 thousand . This didn’t count the wounded, their losses absolutely weren’t small .

Although Shuke’s army numbered a million, they were also the vanguard forces . The vanguard shouldn’t have too much losses upon entering the continent, otherwise, the succeeding armies would find it hard to transfer here .

After thinking up to here, Silver Shuke coldly snorted and said, “We’ll let you off today, Zhao Hai . Just you wait, when the main Divine Race army comes, then we will certainly eliminate you . ” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “If you think you are confident, then feel free to do so . ” Silver Shuke snorted, then he ordered, “Reform your ranks and slowly retreat!” It didn’t take too long before the Divine Race army formed their ranks and slowly went back .

Zhao Hai didn’t pursue them, he just calmly looked at Shuke’s army . Shue and Berry were also right beside Zhao Hai . Shue received his clones while Berry went out of her stealth . All of them looked at the retreating silver army . At the same time, Silver Shuke was also paying attention to Zhao Hai .

When the army got back to the Radiant Empire, Zhao Hai, Berry, and Shue immediately went back to the Space .

Upon reaching the Space, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Lizzy and said, “Lizzy, have you calculated our losses?” Lizzy nodded and said, “We did, in the battle, we used a total of 892 crystals . The undead casualties surpassed a hundred thousand . However, we also received about twenty thousand God-rank undead . Moreover, the Space just gave a prompt, all fire element undead had now been upgraded to God-rank, but they only have Demigod level strength . ”





Upon reaching the Space, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Lizzy and said, “Lizzy, have you calculated our losses?” Lizzy nodded and said, “We did, in the battle, we used a total of 892 crystals . The undead casualties surpassed a hundred thousand . However, we also received about twenty thousand God-rank undead . Moreover, the Space just gave a prompt, all fire element undead had now been upgraded to God-rank, but they only have Demigod level strength . ”

Zhao Hai was happy, “A prompt? Why haven’t I heard of it? I may be too focused on the fight . Anyway, that’s good . We have more fire element undead compared to the light element ones . How many new God-rank undead do we have?”

Lizzy smiled and said, “Right now, we have more than 20 million undead in the Space . However, majority of them are marine life forms, so almost all of them have the water attribute . In comparison, we don’t have that much fire element undead . In total, we have less than two million fire element undead . Although they only have Demigod strength, they aren’t that weak . ”

Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Good, fantastic . With these undead, the Divine Race would surely be surprised at our next clash . ”

Lizzy nodded and smiled, “With these many undead, along with the magic cannons and crystals, we could definitely block the next advance of the Divine Race . However, things wouldn’t be that easy, Big Brother Hai, we just went to take a look, the Demon army has increased significantly . The God-ranks in their camp had already reached a thousand . Moreover, this number has been constantly increasing .

Zhao Hai nodded, although it looks like the number of the Demon Race’s God ranks were incomparable to the Divine Race, he still didn’t underestimate them . The Demon Race’s fighting prowess can be seen as the strongest out of all the parties currently in the Ark Continent, it had something to do with how they lived back in the Demon Realm . Additionally, according to Cai’er, the Demon population was much more than the Ark Continent . And with how formidable their 9th ranks were, Zhao Hai didn’t dare to neglect them .

Zhao Hai let out a long sigh and said, “The Demons shouldn’t be acting for quite a while, however, I will still send light element undead to face them . Once we have the light element undead stationed there, then we can rest assured . After all, we now have a lot of God-rank undead, separating 10 thousand wouldn’t be much of a loss for our side . ”

Lizzy nodded, at this time, Laura walked in . Zhao Hai looked at her and said, “How is it?” Zhao Hai was asking about the state of the crystals . In this battle, they had used more than 800 crystals . This rate of consumption wasn’t small . After having emptied the crystals, Zhao Hai immediately had them sent to the Space and then to the different parts of the continent, making the various 9th ranks input more energy into them .





Lizzy nodded, at this time, Laura walked in . Zhao Hai looked at her and said, “How is it?” Zhao Hai was asking about the state of the crystals . In this battle, they had used more than 800 crystals . This rate of consumption wasn’t small . After having emptied the crystals, Zhao Hai immediately had them sent to the Space and then to the different parts of the continent, making the various 9th ranks input more energy into them .

For the battles, they would need fire element crystals with a small amount of earth element as well . The fire element had the strongest attacking power while the earth element had the strongest defense . The earth element crystals would be used in the defensive formations, they should be much better compared to the water element .

When she heard Zhao Hai’s question, Laura smiled faintly and said, “It’s going alright . They had already started to recharge the crystals . However, the energy of those 9th ranks are still too low . It takes several people to fill up an entire crystal . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Don’t worry, just take your time . Filling those 800 crystals shouldn’t take too much time . Right, how is the situation with the magic cannons, are they being done?”

Laura smiled and said, “Rest assured, you might not be aware of the Dwarf craftsmanship, but they used to be experts in making weapons like these . However, they still need to familiarize themselves . They are able to make 30 magic cannons per day at this point, but this rate would surely increase in the coming days . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s great, with the Dwarves’ help, we can relax even more . Right, how about the Diamond Ape tribe, how are they doing?”

The Diamond Ape Tribe was a powerful warring race . Their attacking strength was very strong, and upgrading their levels was something that Zhao Hai saw as important . Because of this, when he thought of promoting people, he naturally couldn’t forget about them . Moreover, he was also placing more importance regarding their development .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t think that the Diamond Ape tribe’s potion consumption was vastly greater compared to the other races . Even the Elephant tribe would need less in order to promote to 9th rank . This fact astonished Zhao Hai .

After undergoing multiple investigations, Zhao Hai finally found the root of the problem . The reason why the Diamond Apes were slow to promote to 9th ranks was because both the Diamond Ape and their giant ape companion needed to be 9th ranks together in order for them to be promoted . Otherwise, it would be difficult for a Diamond Ape to promote on his own .

After having this discovery, Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate and immediately promoted both Diamond Apes as well as their companion beasts . Then Zhao Hai tested how strong they got .



After undergoing multiple investigations, Zhao Hai finally found the root of the problem . The reason why the Diamond Apes were slow to promote to 9th ranks was because both the Diamond Ape and their giant ape companion needed to be 9th ranks together in order for them to be promoted . Otherwise, it would be difficult for a Diamond Ape to promote on his own .

After having this discovery, Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate and immediately promoted both Diamond Apes as well as their companion beasts . Then Zhao Hai tested how strong they got .

The tests gave Zhao Hai a glimpse as to why the Diamond Apes were called the kings of the Beastman Race . After rising to 9th rank, the Diamond Apes would undergo a huge change . Each of them would be able to acquire a new innate skill . This skill had a great relationship with their giant ape companion, this skill was even called synthesis!

After a Diamond Ape uses this skill, their body would combine with their giant ape companion . Not only would they be able to command the actions of the giant apes, but their strength, speed, and defensive capabilities would also be greatly improved . It was a genuine, real type of fusion .

Zhao Hai estimated that the Diamond Apes now had the strength that rivalled God-rank experts . And this was regarding a Full God, not a Demigod .

However, since the Diamond Apes were still 9th ranks in the end, they weren’t able to establish a Domain . But still, once the Diamond Apes use their innate skill, their combat capabilities would improve, and they would then be able to contend with God-rank experts .

This discovery filled Zhao Hai with joy . He immediately went on and promoted the Diamond Apes en masse . But even if the Diamond Apes’ strengths had been promoted, Zhao Hai still didn’t make them go to the battlefield . The Diamond Apes had been fighting for their lives in the Northern Icefield for many years . Zhao Hai wasn’t cruel enough to plunge them into battle once more .

The Patriarch of the Diamond Apes had even told Zhao Hai countless times that they wanted to be in the battlefield . But Zhao Hai still didn’t take them there . Instead, he told them that he wanted them to guard the Black Wasteland . He discussed this matter with the Patriarch . The Black Wasteland was now Zhao Hai’s root, once the Demons or the Divine Race finds out that about this place, then they would definitely target it in their future attacks . It wouldn’t be good if a powerful guard force wasn’t stationed here . Because of this, Zhao Hai appointed the Diamond Apes to be the guardians of the wasteland, of which the Patriarch agreed . Therefore, Zhao Hai was now relieved with regards to the security of the Black Wasteland .

 Chapter 733 Formidable Diamond Ape Tribe Silver Shuke s fiery eyes were looking straight at Zhao Hai . If looks could kill, then Zhao Hai would have already died 10 thousand times . Shuke s hatred towards Zhao Hai couldn t be described through words . Of course, Zhao Hai wasn t intending to become friends with him . After all, the Radiant Empire s citizens have been used by the Divine Race to activate their formation . Zhao Hai and the Divine Race s enmity had now reached a point of no return . Zhao Hai wasn t a hero, and to be honest, he didn t want to be . If not for the Demons and the Divine Race forcing him, then he wouldn t have stepped forward . He wasn t afraid to live off of two acres of land with his wives, have a kid who would give him headaches, and even a cow to take care of . Inside his heart, Zhao Hai really didn t have that much of an ambition . However, the pressure brought by both the Demons and the Divine Race had compelled him to fight for survival, making him end up to where he is today . He didn t want to be a hero, but he already made a lot of connections in the continent, he had friends, relatives, loved ones, his home, and he didn t want all of them to get affected . The people in the Radiant Empire had nothing to do with him, he hadn t even visited the country before . He thought of it as the lair of the Radiant Church, his biggest nemesis . Therefore, how could he visit such a place . However, he couldn t help but be enraged when he saw the fate of the Radiant Empire s citizens . This meant that the Divine Race didn t see the people in the Ark Continent as people, and this angered Zhao Hai . In fact, in Zhao Hai s eyes, the Divine Race were no longer people . They were monsters in humans skin, they were beings that would forever be his enemies . Zhao Hai looked at Silver Shuke and then smiled faintly . He gave Silver Shuke a small bow as he said, Thief Shuke, do you still want to decide victory and defeat today Silver Shuke knew what Zhao Hai meant . Before, Zhao Hai said that his name sounded like a thief s name, so he called Shuke Thief Shuke . To be honest, Zhao Hai s naming had made Shuke feel uncomfortable, however, he couldn t do anything about it . After Zhao Hai said this, Shuke looked at the army that he brought . Some of his men were turned into undead by Zhao Hai, and more than 20 thousand of them were blown up by the blood lightning bead . The losses of this battle had exceeded 30 thousand . This didn t count the wounded, their losses absolutely weren t small . Although Shuke s army numbered a million, they were also the vanguard forces . The vanguard shouldn t have too much losses upon entering the continent, otherwise, the succeeding armies would find it hard to transfer here . After thinking up to here, Silver Shuke coldly snorted and said, We ll let you off today, Zhao Hai . Just you wait, when the main Divine Race army comes, then we will certainly eliminate you . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, If you think you are confident, then feel free to do so . Silver Shuke snorted, then he ordered, Reform your ranks and slowly retreat It didn t take too long before the Divine Race army formed their ranks and slowly went back . Zhao Hai didn t pursue them, he just calmly looked at Shuke s army . Shue and Berry were also right beside Zhao Hai . Shue received his clones while Berry went out of her stealth . All of them looked at the retreating silver army . At the same time, Silver Shuke was also paying attention to Zhao Hai . When the army got back to the Radiant Empire, Zhao Hai, Berry, and Shue immediately went back to the Space . Upon reaching the Space, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Lizzy and said, Lizzy, have you calculated our losses Lizzy nodded and said, We did, in the battle, we used a total of 892 crystals . The undead casualties surpassed a hundred thousand . However, we also received about twenty thousand God rank undead . Moreover, the Space just gave a prompt, all fire element undead had now been upgraded to God rank, but they only have Demigod level strength . Zhao Hai was happy, A prompt Why haven t I heard of it I may be too focused on the fight . Anyway, that s good . We have more fire element undead compared to the light element ones . How many new God rank undead do we have Lizzy smiled and said, Right now, we have more than 20 million undead in the Space . However, majority of them are marine life forms, so almost all of them have the water attribute . In comparison, we don t have that much fire element undead . In total, we have less than two million fire element undead . Although they only have Demigod strength, they aren t that weak . Zhao Hai laughed and said, Good, fantastic . With these undead, the Divine Race would surely be surprised at our next clash . Lizzy nodded and smiled, With these many undead, along with the magic cannons and crystals, we could definitely block the next advance of the Divine Race . However, things wouldn t be that easy, Big Brother Hai, we just went to take a look, the Demon army has increased significantly . The God ranks in their camp had already reached a thousand . Moreover, this number has been constantly increasing . Zhao Hai nodded, although it looks like the number of the Demon Race s God ranks were incomparable to the Divine Race, he still didn t underestimate them . The Demon Race s fighting prowess can be seen as the strongest out of all the parties currently in the Ark Continent, it had something to do with how they lived back in the Demon Realm . Additionally, according to Cai er, the Demon population was much more than the Ark Continent . And with how formidable their 9th ranks were, Zhao Hai didn t dare to neglect them . Zhao Hai let out a long sigh and said, The Demons shouldn t be acting for quite a while, however, I will still send light element undead to face them . Once we have the light element undead stationed there, then we can rest assured . After all, we now have a lot of God rank undead, separating 10 thousand wouldn t be much of a loss for our side . Lizzy nodded, at this time, Laura walked in . Zhao Hai looked at her and said, How is it Zhao Hai was asking about the state of the crystals . In this battle, they had used more than 800 crystals . This rate of consumption wasn t small . After having emptied the crystals, Zhao Hai immediately had them sent to the Space and then to the different parts of the continent, making the various 9th ranks input more energy into them . For the battles, they would need fire element crystals with a small amount of earth element as well . The fire element had the strongest attacking power while the earth element had the strongest defense . The earth element crystals would be used in the defensive formations, they should be much better compared to the water element . When she heard Zhao Hai s question, Laura smiled faintly and said, It s going alright . They had already started to recharge the crystals . However, the energy of those 9th ranks are still too low . It takes several people to fill up an entire crystal . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Don t worry, just take your time . Filling those 800 crystals shouldn t take too much time . Right, how is the situation with the magic cannons, are they being done Laura smiled and said, Rest assured, you might not be aware of the Dwarf craftsmanship, but they used to be experts in making weapons like these . However, they still need to familiarize themselves . They are able to make 30 magic cannons per day at this point, but this rate would surely increase in the coming days . Zhao Hai nodded, That s great, with the Dwarves help, we can relax even more . Right, how about the Diamond Ape tribe, how are they doing The Diamond Ape Tribe was a powerful warring race . Their attacking strength was very strong, and upgrading their levels was something that Zhao Hai saw as important . Because of this, when he thought of promoting people, he naturally couldn t forget about them . Moreover, he was also placing more importance regarding their development . However, Zhao Hai didn t think that the Diamond Ape tribe s potion consumption was vastly greater compared to the other races . Even the Elephant tribe would need less in order to promote to 9th rank . This fact astonished Zhao Hai . After undergoing multiple investigations, Zhao Hai finally found the root of the problem . The reason why the Diamond Apes were slow to promote to 9th ranks was because both the Diamond Ape and their giant ape companion needed to be 9th ranks together in order for them to be promoted . Otherwise, it would be difficult for a Diamond Ape to promote on his own . After having this discovery, Zhao Hai didn t hesitate and immediately promoted both Diamond Apes as well as their companion beasts . Then Zhao Hai tested how strong they got . The tests gave Zhao Hai a glimpse as to why the Diamond Apes were called the kings of the Beastman Race . After rising to 9th rank, the Diamond Apes would undergo a huge change . Each of them would be able to acquire a new innate skill . This skill had a great relationship with their giant ape companion, this skill was even called synthesis After a Diamond Ape uses this skill, their body would combine with their giant ape companion . Not only would they be able to command the actions of the giant apes, but their strength, speed, and defensive capabilities would also be greatly improved . It was a genuine, real type of fusion . Zhao Hai estimated that the Diamond Apes now had the strength that rivalled God rank experts . And this was regarding a Full God, not a Demigod . However, since the Diamond Apes were still 9th ranks in the end, they weren t able to establish a Domain . But still, once the Diamond Apes use their innate skill, their combat capabilities would improve, and they would then be able to contend with God rank experts . This discovery filled Zhao Hai with joy . He immediately went on and promoted the Diamond Apes en masse . But even if the Diamond Apes strengths had been promoted, Zhao Hai still didn t make them go to the battlefield . The Diamond Apes had been fighting for their lives in the Northern Icefield for many years . Zhao Hai wasn t cruel enough to plunge them into battle once more . The Patriarch of the Diamond Apes had even told Zhao Hai countless times that they wanted to be in the battlefield . But Zhao Hai still didn t take them there . Instead, he told them that he wanted them to guard the Black Wasteland . He discussed this matter with the Patriarch . The Black Wasteland was now Zhao Hai s root, once the Demons or the Divine Race finds out that about this place, then they would definitely target it in their future attacks . It wouldn t be good if a powerful guard force wasn t stationed here . Because of this, Zhao Hai appointed the Diamond Apes to be the guardians of the wasteland, of which the Patriarch agreed . Therefore, Zhao Hai was now relieved with regards to the security of the Black Wasteland .





* * *





Chapter 734 – Storm Clouds Approach

When she heard Zhao Hai’s question, Laura couldn’t help but smile and said, “They’re doing very well . The Diamond Ape Tribe currently has thirty thousand 9th rank experts . With their strength along with Grandpa Green’s group as well as Cai’er, there certainly wouldn’t be any problems in the Black Wasteland . Right, there is also a piece of good news, Origin Sword Saint has broken through to God Rank . He is the first God-rank that the Ark Continent had produced in thousands of years . ” Laura’s statement was true . Origin Sword Saint was really a God-rank that managed to reach his level without the help of the Space .

Zhao Hai was glad with this news, he looked at Laura and said, “Really? Then that’s fantastic! The Ark Continent finally had its own God-rank expert . However, after arriving at God-rank, senior Origin Sword saint would still need to comprehend his own Domain . Zhao Hai said, “How about this, since we already have magic cannons as well as the crystals, he wouldn’t be needed in the Black Wasteland . Let’s have him go with us first, then I’ll have him participate in the battles . Maybe he can comprehend a Domain there . ” Laura nodded and replied, “Alright, I’ll go and approach Grandpa Green about this so that he can tell Senior Origin Sword Saint . Brother Hai, when do you think the Divine Race would attack again?” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t know . But when they decided to retreat, I was sure that they would be waiting for reinforcements . Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to deal with us with their current numbers . ”

Laura nodded, then she sighed and said, “Once the Divine Race reinforcements arrive, then we wouldn’t be able to live peacefully anymore . I didn’t expect the Divine Race to be that strong . ” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Fortunately, we have several means to deal with the Divine Race . Otherwise, we would really be in trouble . We might even be compelled to move the entire continent’s population into the Space . ”

Laura agreed, “But things have been very strange . I thought that after killing a fire element expert, then the Space’s fire element undead would also reach God-rank . I didn’t expect that Tiger Huan wasn’t enough to promote them . Moreover, when they did get promoted, they only had the power of a Demigod . ” Zhao Hai nodded, “It really is quite strange . When we got Shiying, the Space immediately promoted all the undead assassins . But now, only after we have killed a lot of God-rank Divine Race experts did the Space decide to promote the undead . It seems like the Space’s requirements had become much stricter compared to before . ” At this time, Megan replied, “Although we have a lot of God-ranked experts in our hand, majority of them still have Demigod strength . We really lack undead that have Full God strengths . On the other hand, most of the God-ranked experts in the Divine Race army have already comprehended their Domain . In terms of overall strength, we are still a few steps behind . We’re lucky to have the magic cannons to supplement this weakness . Brother Hai, currently, we have magic cannons installed in big undead such as the Dragons . But I think it would be safer it the cannons were placed inside their bodies . This way, the cannons would have a sort of protection against external attacks . ”





Laura agreed and said, “But in this case, we need to have the magic cannons be fixed inside the bodies of the undead . How would we be able to do this?” Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “When the Dwarves make the cannons, we can have them install a few steel chains under the cannon . When they are used, those chains could latch onto the bodies of the undead, securing them in place . ”

Laura nodded, “Alright, I’ll inform the Dwarves regarding this matter . With the magic cannons on the way, we would be more prepared for the future . If the Dwarves get unbearable busy with work, we can just have more blacksmiths transported from the other cities in order to help out . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “Good, then I’ll hand it over to you . However, make sure to ask the Emperors about this first . We can’t have them be dissatisfied lest we risk having a fire in our own backyard . ”

Laura nodded and then turned around to leave . At this time, Zhao Hai turned his attention back to the monitor . The image shown right now was Silver Shuke’s group as well as the situation with the Divine Race .

After Silver Shuke’s group retreated from the city, they went straight back to the new land . But since they aren’t constrained to the new land like before, they had started to clean the surrounding lands and cities . All the dead people and beasts have been cremated . Obviously, they had a similar idea with the Demons . They wanted to make a foothold inside the Ark Continent .

When Zhao Hai saw that they weren’t planning on another attack, he shifter his gaze towards the Demons . The Demons were now becoming numerous . Additionally, they had already went on and occupied Demon City . With how close they were to Rising Sun City, the latter had already started to be in full alert .





When Zhao Hai saw that they weren’t planning on another attack, he shifter his gaze towards the Demons . The Demons were now becoming numerous . Additionally, they had already went on and occupied Demon City . With how close they were to Rising Sun City, the latter had already started to be in full alert .

However, there still weren’t a lot of God-ranked Demons in their side, this made them refrain from attacking Rising Sun City . Naturally, the Demons understood that if they have fewer experts than the Divine Race, then even if they occupy Rising Sun City, the Divine Race could just take it away from them . The Demons wouldn’t make a move until they have more experts than they had right now .

When Zhao Hai saw the state of the Demons, he became worried . If the Demons attacked frantically, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t have been worried . But they were too calm, and this was a scary matter . Having strong and calm Demons invade the continent didn’t bode to well for the residents of the Ark Continent .

But seeing that there weren’t any movements from the Demons, Zhao Hai became relieved . Then he turned his attention to the continent . The Ark Continent was still very peaceful . Although the Buddha Empire had been transformed into a battlefield, the other parts of the continent still remained to be unaffected . With Zhao Hai’s careful preparations, the Ark Continent remained very stable .

In the Accra Mountain, a defensive line has already been setup . This defense has been taken care of by Zhao Hai . A large number of people participated in this defense, it included even the Beastmen and the Fishmen . Zhao Hai wanted to rely on the Accra Mountain to mount a long defensive battle against both the Demons and the Divine Race .

Not only the surface of the Accra Mountain, even the space that the Demons had dug out was made use of . This huge space was used as a huge shelter as well as warehouse for the defenders’ needs . The blood formation here had already been used and cannot be reused, so the place had become a handy area for the forces of the Ark Continent .





Not only the surface of the Accra Mountain, even the space that the Demons had dug out was made use of . This huge space was used as a huge shelter as well as warehouse for the defenders’ needs . The blood formation here had already been used and cannot be reused, so the place had become a handy area for the forces of the Ark Continent .

Since the Accra Mountain was now devoid of any Demon presence, the movements made here was all in secret . The entire Accra Mountain had become a busy place . Even the area where the Dragons had lived had become a small base . Zhao Hai made use of the place to house his Blood Hawks .

In order to speed up the preparations, Zhao Hai assigned a lot of large magic beasts from the Space to work there . This ensured that the progress was very fast .

Seeing that nothing was wrong, Zhao Hai made a sigh of relief . He scanned all the undead in the Space and took out the big ones to be used as mobile cannons . He also assigned some undead to act as cannoneers for these moving weapons . Zhao Hai even used his metal manipulation technique to install chains and attached them into the bodies of the undead . Only when they are secured would they be more convenient to use .

The next matter was the blood lightning beads . Although the beads had their shortcomings, the Space had an unlimited supply of them . In order to prepare for wartime, Zhao Hai also started to stockpile a bunch of these beads .

Time went by as Zhao Hai’s group were busy in preparation . Laura would often take magic cannons made in the continent into the Space . Then Zhao Hai would facilitate in installing them inside the large undead .

Three days went by in a flash . While Zhao Hai was busy fixing the cannons into the undead, Cai’er suddenly flew over to him and said, “Young Master, quickly come and see this . ” Zhao Hai stared for a moment . He was busy with his things inside the Space all this time, so he had Cai’er manage the monitoring of both the Demons and the Divine Race . Cai’er certainly had news regarding the Divine Race since there weren’t much changes with the Demon Race .



Time went by as Zhao Hai’s group were busy in preparation . Laura would often take magic cannons made in the continent into the Space . Then Zhao Hai would facilitate in installing them inside the large undead .

Three days went by in a flash . While Zhao Hai was busy fixing the cannons into the undead, Cai’er suddenly flew over to him and said, “Young Master, quickly come and see this . ” Zhao Hai stared for a moment . He was busy with his things inside the Space all this time, so he had Cai’er manage the monitoring of both the Demons and the Divine Race . Cai’er certainly had news regarding the Divine Race since there weren’t much changes with the Demon Race .

Zhao Hai and the others immediately went to the living room . The monitor was currently showing the current situation in the newly descended land . At this moment, a group of Divine Race people were emerging out of the new land . This time, they were flying .

This was a huge group, and in addition to the silver soldiers that Zhao Hai saw before, there were also huge magic beasts mixed in . These magic beasts weren’t the same as those seen in the Ark Continent . They were mostly white and although they were huge, they seemed to be quite docile .

These magic beasts were pulling some carts . These carts were probably made out of saint light wood due to their color . Inside those carts were large quantities of resources . But what made Zhao Hai worried was the magic cannons that were carried over . These magic cannons looked similar to the ones in the Ark Continent . However, they were much bigger, moreover, their magic formations looked more complex .

After seeing these magic cannons, Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but turn ugly . He was aware that the Divine Race also had their own magic cannons, but he didn’t expect that they would look this menacing . The Divine Race’s strength was already much stronger than the Ark Continent, if the continent’s magic cannons were weak, then the cannons would’ve already been rendered useless . But now, the Divine Race had brought their own magic cannons . And from how they look, it seems like they are much more powerful than the Ark Continent’s version . This was huge trouble!

 Chapter 734 Storm Clouds Approach When she heard Zhao Hai s question, Laura couldn t help but smile and said, They re doing very well . The Diamond Ape Tribe currently has thirty thousand 9th rank experts . With their strength along with Grandpa Green s group as well as Cai er, there certainly wouldn t be any problems in the Black Wasteland . Right, there is also a piece of good news, Origin Sword Saint has broken through to God Rank . He is the first God rank that the Ark Continent had produced in thousands of years . Laura s statement was true . Origin Sword Saint was really a God rank that managed to reach his level without the help of the Space . Zhao Hai was glad with this news, he looked at Laura and said, Really Then that s fantastic The Ark Continent finally had its own God rank expert . However, after arriving at God rank, senior Origin Sword saint would still need to comprehend his own Domain . Zhao Hai said, How about this, since we already have magic cannons as well as the crystals, he wouldn t be needed in the Black Wasteland . Let s have him go with us first, then I ll have him participate in the battles . Maybe he can comprehend a Domain there . Laura nodded and replied, Alright, I ll go and approach Grandpa Green about this so that he can tell Senior Origin Sword Saint . Brother Hai, when do you think the Divine Race would attack again Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I don t know . But when they decided to retreat, I was sure that they would be waiting for reinforcements . Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to deal with us with their current numbers . Laura nodded, then she sighed and said, Once the Divine Race reinforcements arrive, then we wouldn t be able to live peacefully anymore . I didn t expect the Divine Race to be that strong . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Fortunately, we have several means to deal with the Divine Race . Otherwise, we would really be in trouble . We might even be compelled to move the entire continent s population into the Space . Laura agreed, But things have been very strange . I thought that after killing a fire element expert, then the Space s fire element undead would also reach God rank . I didn t expect that Tiger Huan wasn t enough to promote them . Moreover, when they did get promoted, they only had the power of a Demigod . Zhao Hai nodded, It really is quite strange . When we got Shiying, the Space immediately promoted all the undead assassins . But now, only after we have killed a lot of God rank Divine Race experts did the Space decide to promote the undead . It seems like the Space s requirements had become much stricter compared to before . At this time, Megan replied, Although we have a lot of God ranked experts in our hand, majority of them still have Demigod strength . We really lack undead that have Full God strengths . On the other hand, most of the God ranked experts in the Divine Race army have already comprehended their Domain . In terms of overall strength, we are still a few steps behind . We re lucky to have the magic cannons to supplement this weakness . Brother Hai, currently, we have magic cannons installed in big undead such as the Dragons . But I think it would be safer it the cannons were placed inside their bodies . This way, the cannons would have a sort of protection against external attacks . Laura agreed and said, But in this case, we need to have the magic cannons be fixed inside the bodies of the undead . How would we be able to do this Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, When the Dwarves make the cannons, we can have them install a few steel chains under the cannon . When they are used, those chains could latch onto the bodies of the undead, securing them in place . Laura nodded, Alright, I ll inform the Dwarves regarding this matter . With the magic cannons on the way, we would be more prepared for the future . If the Dwarves get unbearable busy with work, we can just have more blacksmiths transported from the other cities in order to help out . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, Good, then I ll hand it over to you . However, make sure to ask the Emperors about this first . We can t have them be dissatisfied lest we risk having a fire in our own backyard . Laura nodded and then turned around to leave . At this time, Zhao Hai turned his attention back to the monitor . The image shown right now was Silver Shuke s group as well as the situation with the Divine Race . After Silver Shuke s group retreated from the city, they went straight back to the new land . But since they aren t constrained to the new land like before, they had started to clean the surrounding lands and cities . All the dead people and beasts have been cremated . Obviously, they had a similar idea with the Demons . They wanted to make a foothold inside the Ark Continent . When Zhao Hai saw that they weren t planning on another attack, he shifter his gaze towards the Demons . The Demons were now becoming numerous . Additionally, they had already went on and occupied Demon City . With how close they were to Rising Sun City, the latter had already started to be in full alert . However, there still weren t a lot of God ranked Demons in their side, this made them refrain from attacking Rising Sun City . Naturally, the Demons understood that if they have fewer experts than the Divine Race, then even if they occupy Rising Sun City, the Divine Race could just take it away from them . The Demons wouldn t make a move until they have more experts than they had right now . When Zhao Hai saw the state of the Demons, he became worried . If the Demons attacked frantically, then Zhao Hai wouldn t have been worried . But they were too calm, and this was a scary matter . Having strong and calm Demons invade the continent didn t bode to well for the residents of the Ark Continent . But seeing that there weren t any movements from the Demons, Zhao Hai became relieved . Then he turned his attention to the continent . The Ark Continent was still very peaceful . Although the Buddha Empire had been transformed into a battlefield, the other parts of the continent still remained to be unaffected . With Zhao Hai s careful preparations, the Ark Continent remained very stable . In the Accra Mountain, a defensive line has already been setup . This defense has been taken care of by Zhao Hai . A large number of people participated in this defense, it included even the Beastmen and the Fishmen . Zhao Hai wanted to rely on the Accra Mountain to mount a long defensive battle against both the Demons and the Divine Race . Not only the surface of the Accra Mountain, even the space that the Demons had dug out was made use of . This huge space was used as a huge shelter as well as warehouse for the defenders needs . The blood formation here had already been used and cannot be reused, so the place had become a handy area for the forces of the Ark Continent . Since the Accra Mountain was now devoid of any Demon presence, the movements made here was all in secret . The entire Accra Mountain had become a busy place . Even the area where the Dragons had lived had become a small base . Zhao Hai made use of the place to house his Blood Hawks . In order to speed up the preparations, Zhao Hai assigned a lot of large magic beasts from the Space to work there . This ensured that the progress was very fast . Seeing that nothing was wrong, Zhao Hai made a sigh of relief . He scanned all the undead in the Space and took out the big ones to be used as mobile cannons . He also assigned some undead to act as cannoneers for these moving weapons . Zhao Hai even used his metal manipulation technique to install chains and attached them into the bodies of the undead . Only when they are secured would they be more convenient to use . The next matter was the blood lightning beads . Although the beads had their shortcomings, the Space had an unlimited supply of them . In order to prepare for wartime, Zhao Hai also started to stockpile a bunch of these beads . Time went by as Zhao Hai s group were busy in preparation . Laura would often take magic cannons made in the continent into the Space . Then Zhao Hai would facilitate in installing them inside the large undead . Three days went by in a flash . While Zhao Hai was busy fixing the cannons into the undead, Cai er suddenly flew over to him and said, Young Master, quickly come and see this . Zhao Hai stared for a moment . He was busy with his things inside the Space all this time, so he had Cai er manage the monitoring of both the Demons and the Divine Race . Cai er certainly had news regarding the Divine Race since there weren t much changes with the Demon Race . Zhao Hai and the others immediately went to the living room . The monitor was currently showing the current situation in the newly descended land . At this moment, a group of Divine Race people were emerging out of the new land . This time, they were flying . This was a huge group, and in addition to the silver soldiers that Zhao Hai saw before, there were also huge magic beasts mixed in . These magic beasts weren t the same as those seen in the Ark Continent . They were mostly white and although they were huge, they seemed to be quite docile . These magic beasts were pulling some carts . These carts were probably made out of saint light wood due to their color . Inside those carts were large quantities of resources . But what made Zhao Hai worried was the magic cannons that were carried over . These magic cannons looked similar to the ones in the Ark Continent . However, they were much bigger, moreover, their magic formations looked more complex . After seeing these magic cannons, Zhao Hai s expression couldn t help but turn ugly . He was aware that the Divine Race also had their own magic cannons, but he didn t expect that they would look this menacing . The Divine Race s strength was already much stronger than the Ark Continent, if the continent s magic cannons were weak, then the cannons would ve already been rendered useless . But now, the Divine Race had brought their own magic cannons . And from how they look, it seems like they are much more powerful than the Ark Continent s version . This was huge trouble





* * *





Chapter 735 – How To Deal With It?

However, Zhao Hai was quick to discover an issue . The magic cannon of the other party seemed to be very heavy . Most magic beasts weren’t able to pull it at all . Although it was placed in a cart, it looked strong and powerful . From the looks of the magic beasts that carried it, it seems like it wasn’t something that one can conveniently carry . This was good news for Zhao Hai .

But when Zhao Hai saw the Divine Race people behind the magic cannons, his face couldn’t help but change . These people were different than the ones that he had clashed before . In the previous battle, the Divine Race army that he faced were infantry . On the other hand, the ones he saw right now were cavalry .

The mounts of these Divine Race cavalry were quite strange . It was a kind of horse magic beast with wings and a horn, pretty much like how a person from Earth describes a unicorn pegasus . Just by looking at them on the screen, Zhao Hai was quite sure that these magic beasts weren’t anything simple .

Each and every one of these cavalry soldiers wore light and comfortable armor . They had spears in their hands while a sword was hung on their waists . On their backs were their shields while a bow and a quiver of arrows was present on their saddles . One could see the capabilities of this Divine Race cavalry just by looking at their equipment .

In the back of this cavalry was another type of magic beast cavalry . It seems like these ones were part of the Divine Race’s heavy cavalry . All of them were in full body armor, they looked like iron golems . Their mounts were a type of rhinoceros magic beasts . Metallic gloss flashed from the skins of these beasts, they also had a dangerous gleam in their eyes, making them look violent .





Zhao Hai immediately identified the two groups as Light and Heavy Cavalry . With these two troops joining the Divine Race, their fighting strength would surely be much more formidable, it would be difficult to deal with them easily . Zhao Hai was frowning as he looked at the monitor . He wanted to see what other groups the Divine Race had brought . Before long, another group appeared . But this group made Zhao Hai rub his eyes, they didn’t seem to be soldiers . These people rode on gorgeous carriages as they talked, laughed, and drank with each other . They looked more like noble children than people who were going to war .

However, all of them were wearing all kinds of magic robes . They also had magic staffs, it seems like they are the Mage group of the Divine Race .

Zhao Hai counted the number of Mage carriages that appeared on the new land . Each carriage had, on average, five Mages, and in this caravan, there were several hundreds of carriages . In other words, the Mage group numbered a minimum of a thousand people .

But what made Zhao Hai confused was the fact that when a person reaches God-rank, their energies would undergo a change . Whether they be Mage spiritual force or Warrior Battle Qi, they would be transformed into another type of pure energy . This energy was able to be used in both warrior and mage techniques . Because of this, there really weren’t any division between Mage and Warrior when one becomes God-rank . But yet the Divine Race had all of these Mages, what was this all about?

Although he couldn’t understand it, Zhao Hai still managed to have a general idea of how many Divine Race people arrived in the continent . There were a lot of newcomers, 5 million to be exact . And this didn’t even count the logistics personnel that were assigned as support .

This number made Zhao Hai’s expression even heavier . If one counted the logistic corps, then the Divine Race group that had arrived in the Ark Continent would reach near ten million . Moreover, Cai’er also reported that the total number of magic beasts brought to the continent had numbered to 50 million . Such colossal numbers had arrived in the Ark Continent, the future seemed more worrying at this point .

Laura and the others also had a heavy heart as they stood by Zhao Hai’s side . They didn’t expect the Divine Race to send such numbers in one go .





Laura and the others also had a heavy heart as they stood by Zhao Hai’s side . They didn’t expect the Divine Race to send such numbers in one go .

After some time, Zhao Hai let out a long breath and said, “It looks like the Divine Race had really decided to destroy us . But this is also good . Now we can finally see the strength of the Divine Race . However, I think that these aren’t the only troops that the Divine Race had . After all, the Divine Race still had enemies, and they need their troops in order to defend against them . ”

Laura was puzzled by Zhao Hai’s statement, “Where did you get that from, Brother Hai? Why haven’t I heard of that before?”

Zhao hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s because the Divine Realm is much larger than the Ark Continent . Just as Iron Hammer said, the Divine Realm is divided into 13 different continents . It is possible that the one we are facing right now were the forces from one continent . The other continents still haven’t arrived . Moreover, haven’t you discovered that the Divine Race army has been made up of veteran troops? They are very different compared to those who only finished their training and hadn’t been in the battlefield before . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have their current temperament . ”

When they heard this, Laura and the others immediately turned their gazes towards the Divine Race army . And just like Zhao Hai said, most of these people seemed to be battle hardened veterans . Their temperament was very different compared to any greenhorn .

Then Zhao Hai said, “Since they had gone to the battlefield, then it meant that they had enemies . Because of this, I am fairly certain that they had more troops than this . And from what I heard from Iron Hammer, it seems like their enemies were the Gods of the foreign races . ”

Laura nodded and said, “Right, Brother Hai, since you have turned some Divine Race into undead, haven’t you asked them about the Divine Race? And did you ask them about the current power distribution in the Divine Realm?”





Laura nodded and said, “Right, Brother Hai, since you have turned some Divine Race into undead, haven’t you asked them about the Divine Race? And did you ask them about the current power distribution in the Divine Realm?”

When he heard Laura, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but give a force smile and said, “I haven’t really done that, I was too focused on the current battle to turn them into Advanced level undead . But from the method of making low-level undead, I’m quite sure that they haven’t retained their memories . Even if we ask them right now, then we wouldn’t be able to get anything . ”

Laura nodded and said, “And what now? What do we do?” Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race at the monitor and said, “We do what we need to do . After all, things will happen even if we don’t do anything . Fortunately, we had made ample preparations in the past few days . We’ll still be using the Buddha Empire in order to deal with them . ”

At this time, Lizzy gave a nod and asked, “That’s the only thing we can do . Big Brother Hai, I think that the Divine Race’s Heavy Cavalry aren’t able to fly . So they should only be able to do ground battles . However, from what I can see, I’m afraid that their might is something that the Ark Continent wouldn’t be able to contend with . Have you thought of ways in order to deal with them?”

Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race cavalry, especially the Heavy cavalry . Although the Heavy Cavalry mounts looked very heavy, they actually weren’t that slow . Even if the Ark Continent had their own heavy cavalry, they still wouldn’t be able to contend with the Divine Race . After all, the mounts of the Divine Race were at least 8th ranks, one would be hard pressed to look for those kinds of mounts in the Ark Continent .

Moreover, having this cavalry unit wasn’t only about their mount, their training would take a long time as well . There really wasn’t any heavy cavalry unit in the Ark Continent that can directly confront the heavy cavalry of the Divine Race . The closest ones who can face them would probably be among the Beastmen . But even the Herculean Bulls wouldn’t be able to face them head-on . Zhao Hai thought about it for quite some time before he turned to Lizzy and said, “It’s really hard to deal with the heavy cavalry of the Divine Race, their charges would definitely be very strong . I’ve thought of something, we can ask the Dwarves to have their iron armor beasts deal with these guys . The Dwarven cavalry is mainly composed of their iron armor beast . Since the Divine Race’s heavy cavalry can’t fly, then we can just leave them to the Dwarves . ”

Lizzy thought about Zhao Hai’s suggestion and nodded, “Having the Dwarves deal with them is indeed a good idea . How about their light cavalry? Will we have the Elves deal with them?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It seems like the Elves are the only ones that can go against those light cavalry . There is no doubt that the winged horses of the Divine Race are able to fly . Moreover, although they are mainly equipped with spears, they also have bows and arrows equipped . With our Blood Hawks, the Elves should be able to have the capabilities to fight them . ”



Lizzy thought about Zhao Hai’s suggestion and nodded, “Having the Dwarves deal with them is indeed a good idea . How about their light cavalry? Will we have the Elves deal with them?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It seems like the Elves are the only ones that can go against those light cavalry . There is no doubt that the winged horses of the Divine Race are able to fly . Moreover, although they are mainly equipped with spears, they also have bows and arrows equipped . With our Blood Hawks, the Elves should be able to have the capabilities to fight them . ”

Lizzy nodded, “It seems like we cannot just rely on our own power in order to deal with the Divine Race . They are just too strong, we can’t stop them ourselves . We should adjust the armies of the continent and ask them to come over and help . ”

Zhao Hai agreed, “Right, we should have the Dwarves and the iron armor beasts, the Elves and the Blood Hawks, Rosen Empire’s heavy infantry, and the Lyon Empire’s magic beast cavalry move over . The Buddha Empire’s heavy cavalry is just too slow, if we have them fight, then they would definitely suffer huge losses . We’ll have the Rosen Empire’s heavy infantry guard the walls of the city . At the same time, we should get some of the faster cavalry units from the Beastmen and have them prepare for the battles in the Buddha Empire . ”

Lizzy nodded, “Alright . Also, we should be on guard about their magic cannons . When the fight comes, we should do our best to snatch a couple of them . Then we’ll take them back and have them studied . ”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m afraid that would be difficult . Haven’t you noticed? The Divine Race are overly protective of their magic cannons . All of them are placed in the middle of a team of soldiers who are also in the middle of a large army . Dealing with those people wouldn’t be easy . However, moving those cannons should be very hard, so I’m not too worried about them at this point . What I’m worried about is another group of people . ”

When Lizzy heard Zhao Hai, she recalled the newcomer groups, then her expression turned stern as she said, “Big Brother Hai, is it about those groups of mages?”

 Chapter 735 How To Deal With It However, Zhao Hai was quick to discover an issue . The magic cannon of the other party seemed to be very heavy . Most magic beasts weren t able to pull it at all . Although it was placed in a cart, it looked strong and powerful . From the looks of the magic beasts that carried it, it seems like it wasn t something that one can conveniently carry . This was good news for Zhao Hai . But when Zhao Hai saw the Divine Race people behind the magic cannons, his face couldn t help but change . These people were different than the ones that he had clashed before . In the previous battle, the Divine Race army that he faced were infantry . On the other hand, the ones he saw right now were cavalry . The mounts of these Divine Race cavalry were quite strange . It was a kind of horse magic beast with wings and a horn, pretty much like how a person from Earth describes a unicorn pegasus . Just by looking at them on the screen, Zhao Hai was quite sure that these magic beasts weren t anything simple . Each and every one of these cavalry soldiers wore light and comfortable armor . They had spears in their hands while a sword was hung on their waists . On their backs were their shields while a bow and a quiver of arrows was present on their saddles . One could see the capabilities of this Divine Race cavalry just by looking at their equipment . In the back of this cavalry was another type of magic beast cavalry . It seems like these ones were part of the Divine Race s heavy cavalry . All of them were in full body armor, they looked like iron golems . Their mounts were a type of rhinoceros magic beasts . Metallic gloss flashed from the skins of these beasts, they also had a dangerous gleam in their eyes, making them look violent . Zhao Hai immediately identified the two groups as Light and Heavy Cavalry . With these two troops joining the Divine Race, their fighting strength would surely be much more formidable, it would be difficult to deal with them easily . Zhao Hai was frowning as he looked at the monitor . He wanted to see what other groups the Divine Race had brought . Before long, another group appeared . But this group made Zhao Hai rub his eyes, they didn t seem to be soldiers . These people rode on gorgeous carriages as they talked, laughed, and drank with each other . They looked more like noble children than people who were going to war . However, all of them were wearing all kinds of magic robes . They also had magic staffs, it seems like they are the Mage group of the Divine Race . Zhao Hai counted the number of Mage carriages that appeared on the new land . Each carriage had, on average, five Mages, and in this caravan, there were several hundreds of carriages . In other words, the Mage group numbered a minimum of a thousand people . But what made Zhao Hai confused was the fact that when a person reaches God rank, their energies would undergo a change . Whether they be Mage spiritual force or Warrior Battle Qi, they would be transformed into another type of pure energy . This energy was able to be used in both warrior and mage techniques . Because of this, there really weren t any division between Mage and Warrior when one becomes God rank . But yet the Divine Race had all of these Mages, what was this all about Although he couldn t understand it, Zhao Hai still managed to have a general idea of how many Divine Race people arrived in the continent . There were a lot of newcomers, 5 million to be exact . And this didn t even count the logistics personnel that were assigned as support . This number made Zhao Hai s expression even heavier . If one counted the logistic corps, then the Divine Race group that had arrived in the Ark Continent would reach near ten million . Moreover, Cai er also reported that the total number of magic beasts brought to the continent had numbered to 50 million . Such colossal numbers had arrived in the Ark Continent, the future seemed more worrying at this point . Laura and the others also had a heavy heart as they stood by Zhao Hai s side . They didn t expect the Divine Race to send such numbers in one go . After some time, Zhao Hai let out a long breath and said, It looks like the Divine Race had really decided to destroy us . But this is also good . Now we can finally see the strength of the Divine Race . However, I think that these aren t the only troops that the Divine Race had . After all, the Divine Race still had enemies, and they need their troops in order to defend against them . Laura was puzzled by Zhao Hai s statement, Where did you get that from, Brother Hai Why haven t I heard of that before Zhao hai smiled faintly and said, It s because the Divine Realm is much larger than the Ark Continent . Just as Iron Hammer said, the Divine Realm is divided into 13 different continents . It is possible that the one we are facing right now were the forces from one continent . The other continents still haven t arrived . Moreover, haven t you discovered that the Divine Race army has been made up of veteran troops They are very different compared to those who only finished their training and hadn t been in the battlefield before . Otherwise, they wouldn t have their current temperament . When they heard this, Laura and the others immediately turned their gazes towards the Divine Race army . And just like Zhao Hai said, most of these people seemed to be battle hardened veterans . Their temperament was very different compared to any greenhorn . Then Zhao Hai said, Since they had gone to the battlefield, then it meant that they had enemies . Because of this, I am fairly certain that they had more troops than this . And from what I heard from Iron Hammer, it seems like their enemies were the Gods of the foreign races . Laura nodded and said, Right, Brother Hai, since you have turned some Divine Race into undead, haven t you asked them about the Divine Race And did you ask them about the current power distribution in the Divine Realm When he heard Laura, Zhao Hai couldn t help but give a force smile and said, I haven t really done that, I was too focused on the current battle to turn them into Advanced level undead . But from the method of making low level undead, I m quite sure that they haven t retained their memories . Even if we ask them right now, then we wouldn t be able to get anything . Laura nodded and said, And what now What do we do Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race at the monitor and said, We do what we need to do . After all, things will happen even if we don t do anything . Fortunately, we had made ample preparations in the past few days . We ll still be using the Buddha Empire in order to deal with them . At this time, Lizzy gave a nod and asked, That s the only thing we can do . Big Brother Hai, I think that the Divine Race s Heavy Cavalry aren t able to fly . So they should only be able to do ground battles . However, from what I can see, I m afraid that their might is something that the Ark Continent wouldn t be able to contend with . Have you thought of ways in order to deal with them Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race cavalry, especially the Heavy cavalry . Although the Heavy Cavalry mounts looked very heavy, they actually weren t that slow . Even if the Ark Continent had their own heavy cavalry, they still wouldn t be able to contend with the Divine Race . After all, the mounts of the Divine Race were at least 8th ranks, one would be hard pressed to look for those kinds of mounts in the Ark Continent . Moreover, having this cavalry unit wasn t only about their mount, their training would take a long time as well . There really wasn t any heavy cavalry unit in the Ark Continent that can directly confront the heavy cavalry of the Divine Race . The closest ones who can face them would probably be among the Beastmen . But even the Herculean Bulls wouldn t be able to face them head on . Zhao Hai thought about it for quite some time before he turned to Lizzy and said, It s really hard to deal with the heavy cavalry of the Divine Race, their charges would definitely be very strong . I ve thought of something, we can ask the Dwarves to have their iron armor beasts deal with these guys . The Dwarven cavalry is mainly composed of their iron armor beast . Since the Divine Race s heavy cavalry can t fly, then we can just leave them to the Dwarves . Lizzy thought about Zhao Hai s suggestion and nodded, Having the Dwarves deal with them is indeed a good idea . How about their light cavalry Will we have the Elves deal with them Zhao Hai nodded and said, It seems like the Elves are the only ones that can go against those light cavalry . There is no doubt that the winged horses of the Divine Race are able to fly . Moreover, although they are mainly equipped with spears, they also have bows and arrows equipped . With our Blood Hawks, the Elves should be able to have the capabilities to fight them . Lizzy nodded, It seems like we cannot just rely on our own power in order to deal with the Divine Race . They are just too strong, we can t stop them ourselves . We should adjust the armies of the continent and ask them to come over and help . Zhao Hai agreed, Right, we should have the Dwarves and the iron armor beasts, the Elves and the Blood Hawks, Rosen Empire s heavy infantry, and the Lyon Empire s magic beast cavalry move over . The Buddha Empire s heavy cavalry is just too slow, if we have them fight, then they would definitely suffer huge losses . We ll have the Rosen Empire s heavy infantry guard the walls of the city . At the same time, we should get some of the faster cavalry units from the Beastmen and have them prepare for the battles in the Buddha Empire . Lizzy nodded, Alright . Also, we should be on guard about their magic cannons . When the fight comes, we should do our best to snatch a couple of them . Then we ll take them back and have them studied . Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I m afraid that would be difficult . Haven t you noticed The Divine Race are overly protective of their magic cannons . All of them are placed in the middle of a team of soldiers who are also in the middle of a large army . Dealing with those people wouldn t be easy . However, moving those cannons should be very hard, so I m not too worried about them at this point . What I m worried about is another group of people . When Lizzy heard Zhao Hai, she recalled the newcomer groups, then her expression turned stern as she said, Big Brother Hai, is it about those groups of mages





* * *





Chapter 736 – Adjusting The Army

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Iron Hammer said that once one reaches God-rank, then their magic and battle qi would transform into a new type of energy . The Divine Race calls this Origin Force . I don’t know if it is really called that, but I can confirm that this energy can be used in both magic and battle qi applications . So in this case, why would there be a division between mage and warrior? It is impossible for the Divine Race to overlook this aspect . However, there are people in Mage attire in the Divine Race army . Don’t you think that this is strange?”

When Lizzy and the others heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but gawk before knitting their eyebrows . They haven’t been paying attention when Iron Hammer talked about Origin Force, so this was the first time that they had heard about it from Zhao Hai . If what Zhao Hai said was true, then the Mages in the Divine Army really did seem very strange .

Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, are you saying that these Mages have some special skill? And this was the thing that made you unsettled?”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Right . I suspect these Mages to have something special . Otherwise, the Divine Race wouldn’t have given them this much importance . However, what did they have that made them important? The Ark Continent only had magic and battle qi while origin force is just equal to an upgraded version of the two of them . If these mages were only capable of magic, then they wouldn’t have been this respected . ’

Megan knit her brows and said, “Origin Force is a transformation of battle qi and magic, so there should be no need to have mage training . Right, Brother Hai, can origin force be used to summon creatures for battle?”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at Megan’s statement . He really didn’t know about this matter . All of his undead were taken care of by the Space, so there was no need for him to expend any energy . Because of this, he paid no attention to matters such as these .





Zhao Hai looked at Megan and said, “What you mean is, those people who look like Mages, are actually Summoners?”

Megan nodded, then said, “It’s highly probable . You can look at the Demon Lich, they have their own special summoning spells for battle . These spells would surely be useful when one becomes God-rank . Although most Mages weren’t into summoning magic, the Divine Race had fought for a long time, so they should be able to see the advantages of summons . Because of this, I reckoned that those people with Mage clothing were actually the Divine Race’s special Summoners . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he thinks that Megan’s speculation held some ground . However, this was still a guess and wasn’t proven, so he said, “That might be true . In any case, we’ll find out about them in a battle or two . Right now, we need to spread the word to the leaders of the continent, tell them about the might of the Divine Race so that they can prepare in advance . Have the citizens enter the big cities with magical formations . ”

Lizzy and the other complied and then went on to do their job . At the same time, Zhao Hai continued to observe the movements of the Divine Race . After the new group arrived, they didn’t move immediately . Instead, then occupied the surrounding cities, seemingly taking a break before beginning their conquest .

Zhao Hai wanted to see how they will be arranged . But unfortunately, the Divine Race were careful . Whenever they talk about important things, they would cast isolation magic to cover the place where they would discuss . Even with Zhao Hai’s efforts, he still wasn’t able to find out about anything .

Although he couldn’t see anything significant, Zhao Hai was still paying careful attention towards the Divine Race . Even if he had limited intel, he could still see when the Divine Race would attack .

But after looking at it for a while, Zhao Hai handed the task over to Cai’er . Then he went out of the villa and continued to load the magic cannons into the undead .

At this point, the magic cannons have become their main weapon against the Demons and the Divine Race . So naturally, these things needed to be carefully taken care of . These days Zhao Hai had been very busy .





At this point, the magic cannons have become their main weapon against the Demons and the Divine Race . So naturally, these things needed to be carefully taken care of . These days Zhao Hai had been very busy .

Although the Divine Race reinforcement has arrived, they didn’t immediately make a move . This caused Cai’er to continue her monitoring while Zhao Hai felt relief . The day after the Divine Race reinforcement arrived, Zhao Hai started to bring the Dwarf Iron Armor Beast Cavalry, the Elven Blood Hawk Cavalry, the Lyon Empire Beast Cavalry, the Beastman Race’s Wolf, Dog, Cat, and Horse tribes into his current location . The Rose Empire Heavy Infantry has been brought over as well . The entire city has been transformed into a huge military barrack .

Fortunately, Zhao Hai’s prestige was quite high with these groups . There was no chaos when those groups arrived in the city . Zhao Hai also allocated camps for each of them so that he wouldn’t worry too much .

However, coordinating them for war has become an issue . The foreign races only listen to Zhao Hai, while the two people sent by the Rosen and Lyon Empire to lead the army both had the same status . None of the two wanted to listen to the other .

In the end, Zhao Hai sent Lizzy to have the job of commander for the unified army . This made people surprised, however, upon thinking of Lizzy’s status, all of them agreed .

Lizzy was the Rosen Empire’s princess, and she was also Zhao Hai’s wife . These two titles aren’t simple, especially her being Zhao Hai’s wife . This made those present in the city behave .

The thing in the minds of these people was the same in the minds of the Lyon Empire nobles . The reason why Zhao Hai had Lizzy command the war was only for show, and Zhao Hai would still be the person being in command in the background . However, they didn’t expect that Lizzy was actually more skilled in commanding a battle compared to Zhao hai .

Although this was the first time that Lizzy commanded a diverse army, she still had an experience in handling a huge army in the past . Moreover, Zhao Hai also had Megan add into the discussion and express her abilities in front of the people . With the Megan and Lizzy coordinating together, it didn’t take too long before the whole city got into order .





Although this was the first time that Lizzy commanded a diverse army, she still had an experience in handling a huge army in the past . Moreover, Zhao Hai also had Megan add into the discussion and express her abilities in front of the people . With the Megan and Lizzy coordinating together, it didn’t take too long before the whole city got into order .

Zhao Hai didn’t dare to spoil the two of them . Although both Lizzy and Megan were beautiful women, they were truly skilled in command, they had a huge potential to become generals . In the past, they were lacking in terms of battle experience . However, after experiencing battles back in the sea as well as in the fight against the Demon Race, Zhao Hai was now assured of the two’s ability .

It took two days for the armies to arrive . The reason for their quick travel was Zhao Hai’s Space, every minute was crucial . Zhao Hai also wanted the soldiers to be familiar with the surrounding terrain, which would benefit them in the future battle .

Moreover, the Divine Race reinforcement had arrived, and it was possible for them to attack at any time . In this case, Zhao Hai couldn’t afford to have the armies arrive in a slow rate .

Back in Demon City, Zhao Hai had the confidence to deal with the Demon Race . Even if he didn’t attack on his own, he was still confident in his ability to defend .

However, when he saw the Divine Race Army, Zhao Hai knew that it was impossible to fight with them with his own strength . Average soldiers in the Divine Race army were 9th ranks . At the same time, the numbers of God-ranks that the Divine Race had was much more than the God-ranks in Zhao Hai’s side . If he wanted to defend against the Divine Race with his own strength, then he definitely wouldn’t be able to defend for several days . All of the undead in his hands were not enough to block the attack of the Divine Race .

In this case, Zhao Hai had to let the other powers into the City to defend against the Divine Race together . This would also awaken the continent, making them aware about how serious the frontline has become .

Besides having them fight in the city, Zhao Hai also wanted to make the various parties see the situation with their own eyes . They needed to see how powerful the Divine Race were .

Ever since the Divine Race arrived in the continent, the powers of the continent haven’t really had a proper battle with them . This made the groups of the Ark Continent ignorant to the real strength of the Divine Race . This time, Zhao Hai asked for troops in order to make them aware of the strength of the enemy .



Besides having them fight in the city, Zhao Hai also wanted to make the various parties see the situation with their own eyes . They needed to see how powerful the Divine Race were .

Ever since the Divine Race arrived in the continent, the powers of the continent haven’t really had a proper battle with them . This made the groups of the Ark Continent ignorant to the real strength of the Divine Race . This time, Zhao Hai asked for troops in order to make them aware of the strength of the enemy .

The reason why Zhao Hai thought of this idea was because of his observations in the past few days . In the various territories in the continent, he discovered that although the countries were placed into a state of war, the people had actually turned idle, all of them were thinking that the war was too far from their own place . Because of this, their mindsets had taken a form of distance towards the frontline . Zhao Hai thought that this wasn’t a great thing .

Such mentality cannot continue . Zhao Hai knew that if people were to think like this, then the upper powers would surely exhibit it sooner or later . If this was the case, then the future cooperation would slowly crumble .

Zhao Hai discovered that this issue was especially strong in the Rosen and Aksu Empires . The citizens weren’t as anxious compared to the residents of the Lyon and Buddha Empire . The citizens of the Buddha Empire were far away from their homes, so it was natural that they felt strong attachment towards this war, and this sentiment was carried over to the Lyon Empire citizens . However, this sense of crisis seemed to be lacking in both the Rosen and Aksu Empires .

Through this matter, Zhao Hai had found out that he was being overprotective towards the people of the Ark Continent . This caused them to forget about how cruel war could be . If they continue to think this way, then the consequences would be disastrous when the Divine Race decides to send small teams to wreak havoc in the backlines of the Ark Continent .

Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to invite large armies into Upper Bank City .

 Chapter 736 Adjusting The Army Zhao Hai nodded and said, Iron Hammer said that once one reaches God rank, then their magic and battle qi would transform into a new type of energy . The Divine Race calls this Origin Force . I don t know if it is really called that, but I can confirm that this energy can be used in both magic and battle qi applications . So in this case, why would there be a division between mage and warrior It is impossible for the Divine Race to overlook this aspect . However, there are people in Mage attire in the Divine Race army . Don t you think that this is strange When Lizzy and the others heard Zhao Hai, they couldn t help but gawk before knitting their eyebrows . They haven t been paying attention when Iron Hammer talked about Origin Force, so this was the first time that they had heard about it from Zhao Hai . If what Zhao Hai said was true, then the Mages in the Divine Army really did seem very strange . Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, Elder Brother Hai, are you saying that these Mages have some special skill And this was the thing that made you unsettled Zhao Hai nodded, Right . I suspect these Mages to have something special . Otherwise, the Divine Race wouldn t have given them this much importance . However, what did they have that made them important The Ark Continent only had magic and battle qi while origin force is just equal to an upgraded version of the two of them . If these mages were only capable of magic, then they wouldn t have been this respected . Megan knit her brows and said, Origin Force is a transformation of battle qi and magic, so there should be no need to have mage training . Right, Brother Hai, can origin force be used to summon creatures for battle Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare at Megan s statement . He really didn t know about this matter . All of his undead were taken care of by the Space, so there was no need for him to expend any energy . Because of this, he paid no attention to matters such as these . Zhao Hai looked at Megan and said, What you mean is, those people who look like Mages, are actually Summoners Megan nodded, then said, It s highly probable . You can look at the Demon Lich, they have their own special summoning spells for battle . These spells would surely be useful when one becomes God rank . Although most Mages weren t into summoning magic, the Divine Race had fought for a long time, so they should be able to see the advantages of summons . Because of this, I reckoned that those people with Mage clothing were actually the Divine Race s special Summoners . Zhao Hai nodded, he thinks that Megan s speculation held some ground . However, this was still a guess and wasn t proven, so he said, That might be true . In any case, we ll find out about them in a battle or two . Right now, we need to spread the word to the leaders of the continent, tell them about the might of the Divine Race so that they can prepare in advance . Have the citizens enter the big cities with magical formations . Lizzy and the other complied and then went on to do their job . At the same time, Zhao Hai continued to observe the movements of the Divine Race . After the new group arrived, they didn t move immediately . Instead, then occupied the surrounding cities, seemingly taking a break before beginning their conquest . Zhao Hai wanted to see how they will be arranged . But unfortunately, the Divine Race were careful . Whenever they talk about important things, they would cast isolation magic to cover the place where they would discuss . Even with Zhao Hai s efforts, he still wasn t able to find out about anything . Although he couldn t see anything significant, Zhao Hai was still paying careful attention towards the Divine Race . Even if he had limited intel, he could still see when the Divine Race would attack . But after looking at it for a while, Zhao Hai handed the task over to Cai er . Then he went out of the villa and continued to load the magic cannons into the undead . At this point, the magic cannons have become their main weapon against the Demons and the Divine Race . So naturally, these things needed to be carefully taken care of . These days Zhao Hai had been very busy . Although the Divine Race reinforcement has arrived, they didn t immediately make a move . This caused Cai er to continue her monitoring while Zhao Hai felt relief . The day after the Divine Race reinforcement arrived, Zhao Hai started to bring the Dwarf Iron Armor Beast Cavalry, the Elven Blood Hawk Cavalry, the Lyon Empire Beast Cavalry, the Beastman Race s Wolf, Dog, Cat, and Horse tribes into his current location . The Rose Empire Heavy Infantry has been brought over as well . The entire city has been transformed into a huge military barrack . Fortunately, Zhao Hai s prestige was quite high with these groups . There was no chaos when those groups arrived in the city . Zhao Hai also allocated camps for each of them so that he wouldn t worry too much . However, coordinating them for war has become an issue . The foreign races only listen to Zhao Hai, while the two people sent by the Rosen and Lyon Empire to lead the army both had the same status . None of the two wanted to listen to the other . In the end, Zhao Hai sent Lizzy to have the job of commander for the unified army . This made people surprised, however, upon thinking of Lizzy s status, all of them agreed . Lizzy was the Rosen Empire s princess, and she was also Zhao Hai s wife . These two titles aren t simple, especially her being Zhao Hai s wife . This made those present in the city behave . The thing in the minds of these people was the same in the minds of the Lyon Empire nobles . The reason why Zhao Hai had Lizzy command the war was only for show, and Zhao Hai would still be the person being in command in the background . However, they didn t expect that Lizzy was actually more skilled in commanding a battle compared to Zhao hai . Although this was the first time that Lizzy commanded a diverse army, she still had an experience in handling a huge army in the past . Moreover, Zhao Hai also had Megan add into the discussion and express her abilities in front of the people . With the Megan and Lizzy coordinating together, it didn t take too long before the whole city got into order . Zhao Hai didn t dare to spoil the two of them . Although both Lizzy and Megan were beautiful women, they were truly skilled in command, they had a huge potential to become generals . In the past, they were lacking in terms of battle experience . However, after experiencing battles back in the sea as well as in the fight against the Demon Race, Zhao Hai was now assured of the two s ability . It took two days for the armies to arrive . The reason for their quick travel was Zhao Hai s Space, every minute was crucial . Zhao Hai also wanted the soldiers to be familiar with the surrounding terrain, which would benefit them in the future battle . Moreover, the Divine Race reinforcement had arrived, and it was possible for them to attack at any time . In this case, Zhao Hai couldn t afford to have the armies arrive in a slow rate . Back in Demon City, Zhao Hai had the confidence to deal with the Demon Race . Even if he didn t attack on his own, he was still confident in his ability to defend . However, when he saw the Divine Race Army, Zhao Hai knew that it was impossible to fight with them with his own strength . Average soldiers in the Divine Race army were 9th ranks . At the same time, the numbers of God ranks that the Divine Race had was much more than the God ranks in Zhao Hai s side . If he wanted to defend against the Divine Race with his own strength, then he definitely wouldn t be able to defend for several days . All of the undead in his hands were not enough to block the attack of the Divine Race . In this case, Zhao Hai had to let the other powers into the City to defend against the Divine Race together . This would also awaken the continent, making them aware about how serious the frontline has become . Besides having them fight in the city, Zhao Hai also wanted to make the various parties see the situation with their own eyes . They needed to see how powerful the Divine Race were . Ever since the Divine Race arrived in the continent, the powers of the continent haven t really had a proper battle with them . This made the groups of the Ark Continent ignorant to the real strength of the Divine Race . This time, Zhao Hai asked for troops in order to make them aware of the strength of the enemy . The reason why Zhao Hai thought of this idea was because of his observations in the past few days . In the various territories in the continent, he discovered that although the countries were placed into a state of war, the people had actually turned idle, all of them were thinking that the war was too far from their own place . Because of this, their mindsets had taken a form of distance towards the frontline . Zhao Hai thought that this wasn t a great thing . Such mentality cannot continue . Zhao Hai knew that if people were to think like this, then the upper powers would surely exhibit it sooner or later . If this was the case, then the future cooperation would slowly crumble . Zhao Hai discovered that this issue was especially strong in the Rosen and Aksu Empires . The citizens weren t as anxious compared to the residents of the Lyon and Buddha Empire . The citizens of the Buddha Empire were far away from their homes, so it was natural that they felt strong attachment towards this war, and this sentiment was carried over to the Lyon Empire citizens . However, this sense of crisis seemed to be lacking in both the Rosen and Aksu Empires . Through this matter, Zhao Hai had found out that he was being overprotective towards the people of the Ark Continent . This caused them to forget about how cruel war could be . If they continue to think this way, then the consequences would be disastrous when the Divine Race decides to send small teams to wreak havoc in the backlines of the Ark Continent . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to invite large armies into Upper Bank City .





* * *





Chapter 737 – The Fight Begins

Zhao Hai was currently standing on top of the city wall . The protective formation was already in place and the army were properly positioned . Everyone present here were looking at the direction of the Radiant Empire .

This wasn’t a practice run, they were now in full preparation to resist the incoming army . Cai’er already told Zhao Hai that the Divine Race army had started to make their move . This time, the Divine Race placed both of their cavalries up front, supported by their infantry and Mage corps . They were preparing to rush straight into the city and break through it in one go .

It was because of this that Zhao Hai’s side had started to behave like this . It has been three days since all of the Ark Continent’s powers had sent their troops over to the city . To be honest, the Divine Race refraining from making their attack had made Zhao Hai quite worried . It was only now that they made their move did Zhao Hai felt relief .

If the Divine Race didn’t attack, then it meant that they had a bigger plot in their hands . If they attacked, then it meant that there weren’t any sneaky plans . It seems like the three days were used in pure recuperation .

In Zhao Hai’s side was a Dwarf, an Elf, a heavily armored man, a cavalry soldier, some Beastmen, as well as Lizzy, Megan, Berry, and Shue .

These people were the city’s management staff . Zhao Hai wanted them to see how fierce the Divine Race looked .





On the walls beside them were the Rosen Empire’s heavy armor infantry . Although these troops were used generally for field battles, they were still able to defend a city comfortably . After all, they were Rosen Empire’s elite . At this moment, magic cannons were strewn all around the city’s walls . Zhao Hai didn’t make the undead control these cannons, instead, he handed them over to the heavy armor infantry .

Zhao Hai stood calmly on the city wall, although the army had yet to come, the whole city was full of anticipation . There was a sense of breathlessness emanating among the troops .

The Dwarf standing next to Zhao Hai muttered as he stared at the Radiant Empire’s direction, “Why haven’t they appeared yet? I can’t wait all day . ”

Zhao Hai turned his head to look at the Dwarf . This Dwarf wasn’t an elder, he was a General of the Dwarf Race, the commander of the Iron Beast cavalry . This time, the Dwarves had sent over a hundred thousand iron armor cavalry, this wasn’t a small number .

Moreover, after arriving at the city, the Dwarves started to make their move . In the plains outside the city, they had made a lot of tunnels . These tunnels would allow ordinary troops to pass through safely without any issue . However, once the Divine Race’s Heavy Cavalry walks on top of them, they would immediately collapse, and the Dwarves would be waiting underground to ambush them . As long as they go under, the Dwarves, in their natural habitat, would gain absolute advantage .

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Baker, no need to be anxious . They will arrive soon . ”

The Dwarf Baker smiled faintly and said, “I’m quite anxious to see how formidable those Divine Race fellows really are . For me to be able to help the elder is a great blessing . You might not know, but when the clan voted me to be sent over, the other Generals almost fought with me over it . ”

Zhao Hai laughed and then replied, “Are you sure you won’t regret it? You’re going to battle right now, but I don’t want you to die . Baker, remember to have safety as your utmost priority . ”





Zhao Hai laughed and then replied, “Are you sure you won’t regret it? You’re going to battle right now, but I don’t want you to die . Baker, remember to have safety as your utmost priority . ”

Baker nodded and said, “Elder, rest assured, we’ve already prepared for it . The Dwarves wouldn’t die so easily . ”

At this moment, a Beastmen inserted, “We aren’t afraid of death as well . Prince, when will you send us out to attack?”

Zhao Hai gave a slight smile and said, “Don’t worry, you will have the chance to fight . Even if the main actors this time are the Dwarves and Elves, you should still prepare yourselves for battle . All of you, remember to make ranged attacks as much as possible . Especially the Elves, the enemy’s cavalry isn’t weak . ”

Standing on the wall was a male Elf, he had a handsome but messy face . He always had a cold expression but when he heard Zhao Hai he gently nodded and said, “The elder can rest assured, the Elves aren’t afraid of death as well . ”

Zhao Hai sighed and then said, “I know that you don’t fear death . However, I didn’t take you here to die . You could be said to be the continent’s first batch of troops to fight against the Divine Race . As long as you survive, then you would understand the attack patterns of the Divine Race . Their tactics cannot be understood in just one or two days . You must keep on living and teach the others about how to resist against the Divine Race . I hope that we can repel the Demons and the Divine Race with as little losses to the continent as possible . ”

The group nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, “This war isn’t going to good for our side . Both the Demon and the Divine Realm is much larger than the Ark Continent . And their residents are leagues stronger than us . Because of this, we cannot have the mentality of sacrificing ourselves in battles . It’s not that I’m afraid of death, I just don’t want unnecessary deaths . Do you understand?”

The group nodded once more . Although these people wouldn’t generally listen to other race’s words, it was a different matter when it came to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai’s influence had been spread out to all of them . At the same time, their groups were also grateful to Zhao Hai . This was the reason why there were no problems when it came to him making the decisions .





The group nodded once more . Although these people wouldn’t generally listen to other race’s words, it was a different matter when it came to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai’s influence had been spread out to all of them . At the same time, their groups were also grateful to Zhao Hai . This was the reason why there were no problems when it came to him making the decisions .

At this time, sound of rumbling was suddenly heard in the distance while the earth shook at the same time . As long as one had experience, then they would surely know that this was due to the movement of Heavy Cavalry . The charge of a heavy cavalry unit was the most imposing thing that one can see in the battlefield . Their movements alone could make the earth shiver, if any other troop dared to clash with them at this state, then they would certainly get crushed .

Every person on the walls were attracted towards this rumbling noise . Before long, a silver film had started to fill the grounds in the distance . This silver film approached quite quickly, and their imposing aura could be felt as they kick up dust while they approach .

Zhao Hai turned his head to Baker and said, “Baker, you go . Remember, the number you kill doesn’t matter . Just make sure to protect your lives . It still isn’t time to go all out against the Divine Race . ” Baker gave a nod before he turned back an entered the tunnels .

Then Zhao Hai turned to the Elf and said, “The Divine Race’s light cavalry should be arriving soon, you should prepare yourself as well . Remember, just like what I said to the Dwarves, the kills doesn’t matter . Just make sure to protect your lives . The Blood Hawks are fast, take good advantage of this . ” The Elf gave a salute before he turned around and left the wall .

Then Zhao Hai turned his head towards the group of Beastmen and said, “You go prepare as well . Head outside the city using the back door . Coordinate with the Dwarves . Although the cavalry speed of the Divine Race isn’t slow, they still couldn’t catch up to your troops . Don’t think of going all out, just fight with the intention of finding out about their strength . ”

The Beastmen nodded then they gave a short bow before leaving . Zhao Hai turned his head to Lizzy and Megan, “The undead command will be handed over to you . Cai’er, come out and help . Berry, Shue, let’s go . ” Then Zhao Hai summoned his bone dragon as he flew out of the city . At this time, Cai’er appeared in Lizzy’s shoulder . Cai’er waved her hand as a screen appeared in front of Lizzy and Megan . This will help them facilitate the battle more conveniently .

Lizzy and Megan looked at the projection and saw a group of green lights approaching . They were already aware that the green lights were the enemies while the red lights were their allies . Since they had yet to release the undead, the red lights this time were only composed of Zhao Hai’s group as well as the Dwarves in the field .

Zhao Hai was also starting to see the other party’s light cavalry . The horned pegasus were flapping their wings as they flew forwards . All of them flew with grace, but were not so fast . However, Zhao Hai didn’t dare look down on them . These horned pegasus naturally weren’t using their maximum speed . When the battle starts, their actions certainly wouldn’t be like this .



Lizzy and Megan looked at the projection and saw a group of green lights approaching . They were already aware that the green lights were the enemies while the red lights were their allies . Since they had yet to release the undead, the red lights this time were only composed of Zhao Hai’s group as well as the Dwarves in the field .

Zhao Hai was also starting to see the other party’s light cavalry . The horned pegasus were flapping their wings as they flew forwards . All of them flew with grace, but were not so fast . However, Zhao Hai didn’t dare look down on them . These horned pegasus naturally weren’t using their maximum speed . When the battle starts, their actions certainly wouldn’t be like this .

However, Zhao Hai’s main attention wasn’t in these flying cavalry . Instead, he was focused on the Mage corps behind the light cavalry . Although Megan speculated them to be Summoners, nobody knew for sure whether this was correct . This compelled Zhao Hai to pay more attention to their group compared to the others .

When the horned pegasus were several kilometers away from Zhao Hai, a clump of red cloud suddenly appeared behind the city . Naturally, this red cloud was the Elven Race’s Blood Hawk cavalry .

After the Blood Hawk cavalry flew out of the city, they immediately dashed towards the Divine Race’s light cavalry . This made the horned pegasus cavalry stare . The Divine Race were aware of the races in the Ark Continent, therefore, they certainly had some understanding regarding the Elves . However, they didn’t know that the Elves had managed to have their own aerial troops .

To be honest, nobody could blame the Divine Race for this . After the Radiant Church suppressed the Elves, their understanding of the race had become too few . Although they had sent some spies towards the Elven Forest, their main purpose was to control the race and not to report back on their findings . Since this was the case, the spies didn’t go out of their way to exit the forest . This also made it possible for the Elves to hide their aerial troops .

However, even if they were discovered, the Elven Race’s original aerial troops were composed of soundless soundbirds . But the voiceless soundbirds had no fighting prowess, they were completely herbivorous . Because of their docile nature, it would be impossible for the Elves to teach them how to fight .

But now, the Elves had the Blood Hawks . These were phantasmal beasts that were made by Zhao Hai’s Space . Their fighting strength were very strong . Even if the Divine Race were aware of the Elves’ aerial cavalry, they still wouldn’t be aware of the Blood Hawks .

However, the main reason why Zhao Hai was confident in sending the Elves to deal with the Divine Race’s light cavalry was because he had given the Elves a secret weapon . As long as the Elves us this, then they would become much stronger than the Divine Race’s light cavalry . They light cavalry unit would surely suffer heavy losses in the Elves’ hands .

 Chapter 737 The Fight Begins Zhao Hai was currently standing on top of the city wall . The protective formation was already in place and the army were properly positioned . Everyone present here were looking at the direction of the Radiant Empire . This wasn t a practice run, they were now in full preparation to resist the incoming army . Cai er already told Zhao Hai that the Divine Race army had started to make their move . This time, the Divine Race placed both of their cavalries up front, supported by their infantry and Mage corps . They were preparing to rush straight into the city and break through it in one go . It was because of this that Zhao Hai s side had started to behave like this . It has been three days since all of the Ark Continent s powers had sent their troops over to the city . To be honest, the Divine Race refraining from making their attack had made Zhao Hai quite worried . It was only now that they made their move did Zhao Hai felt relief . If the Divine Race didn t attack, then it meant that they had a bigger plot in their hands . If they attacked, then it meant that there weren t any sneaky plans . It seems like the three days were used in pure recuperation . In Zhao Hai s side was a Dwarf, an Elf, a heavily armored man, a cavalry soldier, some Beastmen, as well as Lizzy, Megan, Berry, and Shue . These people were the city s management staff . Zhao Hai wanted them to see how fierce the Divine Race looked . On the walls beside them were the Rosen Empire s heavy armor infantry . Although these troops were used generally for field battles, they were still able to defend a city comfortably . After all, they were Rosen Empire s elite . At this moment, magic cannons were strewn all around the city s walls . Zhao Hai didn t make the undead control these cannons, instead, he handed them over to the heavy armor infantry . Zhao Hai stood calmly on the city wall, although the army had yet to come, the whole city was full of anticipation . There was a sense of breathlessness emanating among the troops . The Dwarf standing next to Zhao Hai muttered as he stared at the Radiant Empire s direction, Why haven t they appeared yet I can t wait all day . Zhao Hai turned his head to look at the Dwarf . This Dwarf wasn t an elder, he was a General of the Dwarf Race, the commander of the Iron Beast cavalry . This time, the Dwarves had sent over a hundred thousand iron armor cavalry, this wasn t a small number . Moreover, after arriving at the city, the Dwarves started to make their move . In the plains outside the city, they had made a lot of tunnels . These tunnels would allow ordinary troops to pass through safely without any issue . However, once the Divine Race s Heavy Cavalry walks on top of them, they would immediately collapse, and the Dwarves would be waiting underground to ambush them . As long as they go under, the Dwarves, in their natural habitat, would gain absolute advantage . Zhao Hai smiled and said, Baker, no need to be anxious . They will arrive soon . The Dwarf Baker smiled faintly and said, I m quite anxious to see how formidable those Divine Race fellows really are . For me to be able to help the elder is a great blessing . You might not know, but when the clan voted me to be sent over, the other Generals almost fought with me over it . Zhao Hai laughed and then replied, Are you sure you won t regret it You re going to battle right now, but I don t want you to die . Baker, remember to have safety as your utmost priority . Baker nodded and said, Elder, rest assured, we ve already prepared for it . The Dwarves wouldn t die so easily . At this moment, a Beastmen inserted, We aren t afraid of death as well . Prince, when will you send us out to attack Zhao Hai gave a slight smile and said, Don t worry, you will have the chance to fight . Even if the main actors this time are the Dwarves and Elves, you should still prepare yourselves for battle . All of you, remember to make ranged attacks as much as possible . Especially the Elves, the enemy s cavalry isn t weak . Standing on the wall was a male Elf, he had a handsome but messy face . He always had a cold expression but when he heard Zhao Hai he gently nodded and said, The elder can rest assured, the Elves aren t afraid of death as well . Zhao Hai sighed and then said, I know that you don t fear death . However, I didn t take you here to die . You could be said to be the continent s first batch of troops to fight against the Divine Race . As long as you survive, then you would understand the attack patterns of the Divine Race . Their tactics cannot be understood in just one or two days . You must keep on living and teach the others about how to resist against the Divine Race . I hope that we can repel the Demons and the Divine Race with as little losses to the continent as possible . The group nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, This war isn t going to good for our side . Both the Demon and the Divine Realm is much larger than the Ark Continent . And their residents are leagues stronger than us . Because of this, we cannot have the mentality of sacrificing ourselves in battles . It s not that I m afraid of death, I just don t want unnecessary deaths . Do you understand The group nodded once more . Although these people wouldn t generally listen to other race s words, it was a different matter when it came to Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai s influence had been spread out to all of them . At the same time, their groups were also grateful to Zhao Hai . This was the reason why there were no problems when it came to him making the decisions . At this time, sound of rumbling was suddenly heard in the distance while the earth shook at the same time . As long as one had experience, then they would surely know that this was due to the movement of Heavy Cavalry . The charge of a heavy cavalry unit was the most imposing thing that one can see in the battlefield . Their movements alone could make the earth shiver, if any other troop dared to clash with them at this state, then they would certainly get crushed . Every person on the walls were attracted towards this rumbling noise . Before long, a silver film had started to fill the grounds in the distance . This silver film approached quite quickly, and their imposing aura could be felt as they kick up dust while they approach . Zhao Hai turned his head to Baker and said, Baker, you go . Remember, the number you kill doesn t matter . Just make sure to protect your lives . It still isn t time to go all out against the Divine Race . Baker gave a nod before he turned back an entered the tunnels . Then Zhao Hai turned to the Elf and said, The Divine Race s light cavalry should be arriving soon, you should prepare yourself as well . Remember, just like what I said to the Dwarves, the kills doesn t matter . Just make sure to protect your lives . The Blood Hawks are fast, take good advantage of this . The Elf gave a salute before he turned around and left the wall . Then Zhao Hai turned his head towards the group of Beastmen and said, You go prepare as well . Head outside the city using the back door . Coordinate with the Dwarves . Although the cavalry speed of the Divine Race isn t slow, they still couldn t catch up to your troops . Don t think of going all out, just fight with the intention of finding out about their strength . The Beastmen nodded then they gave a short bow before leaving . Zhao Hai turned his head to Lizzy and Megan, The undead command will be handed over to you . Cai er, come out and help . Berry, Shue, let s go . Then Zhao Hai summoned his bone dragon as he flew out of the city . At this time, Cai er appeared in Lizzy s shoulder . Cai er waved her hand as a screen appeared in front of Lizzy and Megan . This will help them facilitate the battle more conveniently . Lizzy and Megan looked at the projection and saw a group of green lights approaching . They were already aware that the green lights were the enemies while the red lights were their allies . Since they had yet to release the undead, the red lights this time were only composed of Zhao Hai s group as well as the Dwarves in the field . Zhao Hai was also starting to see the other party s light cavalry . The horned pegasus were flapping their wings as they flew forwards . All of them flew with grace, but were not so fast . However, Zhao Hai didn t dare look down on them . These horned pegasus naturally weren t using their maximum speed . When the battle starts, their actions certainly wouldn t be like this . However, Zhao Hai s main attention wasn t in these flying cavalry . Instead, he was focused on the Mage corps behind the light cavalry . Although Megan speculated them to be Summoners, nobody knew for sure whether this was correct . This compelled Zhao Hai to pay more attention to their group compared to the others . When the horned pegasus were several kilometers away from Zhao Hai, a clump of red cloud suddenly appeared behind the city . Naturally, this red cloud was the Elven Race s Blood Hawk cavalry . After the Blood Hawk cavalry flew out of the city, they immediately dashed towards the Divine Race s light cavalry . This made the horned pegasus cavalry stare . The Divine Race were aware of the races in the Ark Continent, therefore, they certainly had some understanding regarding the Elves . However, they didn t know that the Elves had managed to have their own aerial troops . To be honest, nobody could blame the Divine Race for this . After the Radiant Church suppressed the Elves, their understanding of the race had become too few . Although they had sent some spies towards the Elven Forest, their main purpose was to control the race and not to report back on their findings . Since this was the case, the spies didn t go out of their way to exit the forest . This also made it possible for the Elves to hide their aerial troops . However, even if they were discovered, the Elven Race s original aerial troops were composed of soundless soundbirds . But the voiceless soundbirds had no fighting prowess, they were completely herbivorous . Because of their docile nature, it would be impossible for the Elves to teach them how to fight . But now, the Elves had the Blood Hawks . These were phantasmal beasts that were made by Zhao Hai s Space . Their fighting strength were very strong . Even if the Divine Race were aware of the Elves aerial cavalry, they still wouldn t be aware of the Blood Hawks . However, the main reason why Zhao Hai was confident in sending the Elves to deal with the Divine Race s light cavalry was because he had given the Elves a secret weapon . As long as the Elves us this, then they would become much stronger than the Divine Race s light cavalry . They light cavalry unit would surely suffer heavy losses in the Elves hands .





* * *





Chapter 738 – The Dwarves’ First Accomplishment

Secret weapon, but in fact, it wasn’t much of a secret . What Zhao Hai gave the Elves were actually blood lightning beads! The bow and arrow that the Elves use were generally based on shooting stone beads . Zhao Hai doesn’t know how they do it, but not only could they shoot round objects, they can shoot them extremely accurately . It can be said that they are the most skilled archers in the entire Ark Continent .

Because of this skill, Zhao Hai prepared a lot of blood lightning beads for the Elves to use . The might of these beads, when used on a bow and arrow, certainly wouldn’t be small .

The blood lightning bead that Tiger Huan had before definitely wouldn’t work in this manner . His blood lightning beads needed to be activated using spiritual connection . On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s blood lightning beads would produce an explosion on impact, which was more convenient to use .

The beads were the reason why Zhao Hai was confident in having the Elves face the Divine Race light cavalry . He didn’t only give the beads to the Elves, he gave some of them to the Dwarves as well . However, because of the Dwarves’ battlefield, Zhao Hai gave them instructions to not use the beads wantonly . If necessary, not use them at all .

Conversely, Zhao Hai gave the beastmen a big supply of blood lightning beads . The Beastmen were mounted warriors . Since they cannot use magic cannons, their second best choice would be the blood lightning beads .

Although Zhao Hai didn’t stop upgrading the strengths of the major races, time was still quite limited . Therefore, the average strengths of the races still weren’t up to par . To combat this disparity in strength, Zhao Hai can only provide them with blood lightning beads .

One must say that Zhao Hai was really thankful towards Tiger Huan . If it weren’t for his blood lightning bead, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t have known about this magic . They were the most efficient things to have in dealing with the Divine Race .





The Elven Blood Hawk cavalry slowly approached the Divine Race . Naturally, horned pegasus cavalry also noticed the approaching enemies . They immediately separated a small group in order to meet the Elves . The Elven cavalry quickly performed a retreat, but not before sending a barrage towards the approaching horned pegasus group .

The Elven Race’s beads were also special since they held a magic formation within itself . Although its strength was inferior to the blood lightning bead, their might was still formidable when fired towards the enemy .

However, it soon become obvious that those beads were ineffective towards the Divine Race . The horned pegasus cavalry immediately hoisted their spears as they held their shields in front of them, easily blocking the incoming attack . Zhao Hai paid attention to the shields and saw Divine Race formations engraved on them, no wonder they were defensively effective .

The Elves didn’t use their blood lightning beads yet . Zhao Hai understood their decision, they wanted to wait until the Divine Race lowers their guard before they give them the full brunt of their attack .

Zhao Hai stopped thinking about these as he released large quantities of undead . At the same time, he moved the undead mobile cannons in front, meeting the Divine Race advance .

While waiting for the enemies to get closer, Zhao Hai turned his attention towards the heavy cavalry on the ground . These Divine Race heavy cavalry naturally weren’t expecting an ambush . They were just simply and uncaringly charging towards the city .

Zhao Hai looked at the heavy cavalry and silently calculated their strength . When he came to it, Zhao Hai discovered that this heavy cavalry unit wasn’t very strong . On average, they only had 8th rank strength . This made Zhao Hai surprised .

These heavy cavalry seemed to be the worst of the Divine Race army . At first, Zhao Hai didn’t understand what was going on, but after looking into it and asking Cai’er, he finally understood .





These heavy cavalry seemed to be the worst of the Divine Race army . At first, Zhao Hai didn’t understand what was going on, but after looking into it and asking Cai’er, he finally understood .

These heavy cavalry weren’t actually completely composed of the Divine Race . Them and the Divine Race had some differences in their appearance . It seems like this heavy cavalry were completely different people!

Their foreheads were low, their mouth was slightly protruding and looked like a monkey’s mouth, completely unlike a human’s . Their body hair was also very thick . However, their bodies were big and strong, it wouldn’t be a good idea if one were to provoke them .

The weapon in their hands were also special . It was a weapon that Zhao Hai hadn’t seen before, it looked like a long sword but was actually a hammer .

Each hammer looked like it wouldn’t weigh less than fifty kilograms . Even average 8th ranks wouldn’t use such weapons for battle . An 8th rank’s battle qi would allow them to carry a 10 jin sword and fight for several hours . However, if they carry a 100 jin(50 kgs) hammer then they can carry them for an hour, at most . Aside from innately strong people, nobody would use such heavy weapons .

The Divine Race heavy cavalry seemed to be wild men . Each and every one of them were wearing heavy full body armor . They were brandishing their hammers as thought they were light . One couldn’t help but recognize their strength upon seeing such a display .

As the heavy cavalry were charging through, the ground under them suddenly collapsed . Moreover, it wasn’t a small hole, it was big enough to swallow about a thousand heavy cavalry soldiers .

Zhao Hai knew that this was the move of the Dwarves . One must say that when it came to digging, the Dwarves were the supreme masters of the art . The holes that they dug were enough to support a number of troops . But when that capacity reaches the target, then the ground would immediately collapse, eating up the unfortunate victims . This tactic had been effectively used by the Dwarves in their previous battles against mounted armies .

As the first batch heavy cavalry fell into the pit, there were also troops from behind who weren’t able to stop in time, which also caused them to fall into the pit .





As the first batch heavy cavalry fell into the pit, there were also troops from behind who weren’t able to stop in time, which also caused them to fall into the pit .

The hole was actually filled with numerous stone spikes . If these spikes were used normally, then they wouldn’t have been very effective . But in this occasion, their lethality had increased by many folds . When the heavy infantry units fell into the hole, they were immediately killed by those spikes .

The Dwarves didn’t even appear from beginning to end . When these cavalry soldiers died, they immediately vanished from the pit . Those who looked into the whole only saw bloodstains, nothing else .

The remaining heavy cavalry unit couldn’t help but be surprised . But at this time, a shout can be heard behind them, compelling them to move around the pit and continued to charge forward, gradually approaching the city . However, as they went around the pit, they were once again met with a pit that was filled by stone spikes . But this time, aside from the careless ones, the hole had been rendered completely useless .

At the same time, a bunch of yellow light appeared in front of the cavalry unit, allowing them to step across the hole without falling into it .

Zhao Hai made Cai’er look into this situation . It seems like the Divine Race had used earth element magic which was evidently better than the ones used by the Dwarves . At the same time this magic also killed about a hundred Dwarves while injuring dozens .

Zhao Hai frowned, it seems like the Divine Race were quite experienced about these types of arrangements . They were very efficient in their ways of countering the Dwarves . The fluidity in their action wasn’t something that can be practiced in such a short time .

Then Zhao Hai changed his mind as he guessed the reason . The Divine Race surely had their enemies in the Divine Realm . Perhaps it was against foreign gods that used the same tactics as the Dwarves . Or perhaps they themselves were using such tactics . This explains why they were able to deal with it very quickly .

Zhao Hai didn’t actually care about this . The heavy cavalry units wouldn’t be a huge threat to the city . Additionally, with the Beastmen in coordination with the Dwarves, the situation should be placed under control soon .



Then Zhao Hai changed his mind as he guessed the reason . The Divine Race surely had their enemies in the Divine Realm . Perhaps it was against foreign gods that used the same tactics as the Dwarves . Or perhaps they themselves were using such tactics . This explains why they were able to deal with it very quickly .

Zhao Hai didn’t actually care about this . The heavy cavalry units wouldn’t be a huge threat to the city . Additionally, with the Beastmen in coordination with the Dwarves, the situation should be placed under control soon .

Zhao Hai turned his focus to the other enemies in front of him, the horned pegasus cavalry and especially the Mage corps . He wanted to see what they would bring to the battlefield .

The horned pegasus cavalry were still gracefully flying towards Zhao Hai’s direction . The light cavalry unit numbered in the hundreds of thousands, much greater than the about hundred thousand Elven cavalry . The horned pegasus cavalry didn’t even chase the Elves . In their minds, sending a small team over should be enough to deal with them .

The Divine Race were really arrogant, but they would surely pay the price for this attitude . Zhao Hai coldly snorted, he had more than 1 million undead behind him, several hundred of which were equipped with magic cannons . Moreover, these several hundred undead didn’t carry only one magic cannon, they had multiple inside of them . Their killing power wasn’t something to be underestimated .

It was quite obvious that this horned pegasus unit was much stronger than the heavy cavalry . Although they were composed of mostly 9th ranks, they also had God-ranks among them .

Before long, the horned pegasus cavalry stopped a kilometer away from Zhao Hai . They just stood in place as they looked at his direction . They didn’t move and they didn’t speak, it seems like they were waiting for something .

Zhao Hai didn’t speak as well . He looked as the infantry behind the light cavalry arranged themselves . Then the Divine Race mages started to fly towards him .

Zhao Hai looked at these people, he didn’t know what they wanted to do . However, Zhao Hai made up his mind and decided to cope with the events as they happen .

 Chapter 738 The Dwarves First Accomplishment Secret weapon, but in fact, it wasn t much of a secret . What Zhao Hai gave the Elves were actually blood lightning beads The bow and arrow that the Elves use were generally based on shooting stone beads . Zhao Hai doesn t know how they do it, but not only could they shoot round objects, they can shoot them extremely accurately . It can be said that they are the most skilled archers in the entire Ark Continent . Because of this skill, Zhao Hai prepared a lot of blood lightning beads for the Elves to use . The might of these beads, when used on a bow and arrow, certainly wouldn t be small . The blood lightning bead that Tiger Huan had before definitely wouldn t work in this manner . His blood lightning beads needed to be activated using spiritual connection . On the other hand, Zhao Hai s blood lightning beads would produce an explosion on impact, which was more convenient to use . The beads were the reason why Zhao Hai was confident in having the Elves face the Divine Race light cavalry . He didn t only give the beads to the Elves, he gave some of them to the Dwarves as well . However, because of the Dwarves battlefield, Zhao Hai gave them instructions to not use the beads wantonly . If necessary, not use them at all . Conversely, Zhao Hai gave the beastmen a big supply of blood lightning beads . The Beastmen were mounted warriors . Since they cannot use magic cannons, their second best choice would be the blood lightning beads . Although Zhao Hai didn t stop upgrading the strengths of the major races, time was still quite limited . Therefore, the average strengths of the races still weren t up to par . To combat this disparity in strength, Zhao Hai can only provide them with blood lightning beads . One must say that Zhao Hai was really thankful towards Tiger Huan . If it weren t for his blood lightning bead, then Zhao Hai wouldn t have known about this magic . They were the most efficient things to have in dealing with the Divine Race . The Elven Blood Hawk cavalry slowly approached the Divine Race . Naturally, horned pegasus cavalry also noticed the approaching enemies . They immediately separated a small group in order to meet the Elves . The Elven cavalry quickly performed a retreat, but not before sending a barrage towards the approaching horned pegasus group . The Elven Race s beads were also special since they held a magic formation within itself . Although its strength was inferior to the blood lightning bead, their might was still formidable when fired towards the enemy . However, it soon become obvious that those beads were ineffective towards the Divine Race . The horned pegasus cavalry immediately hoisted their spears as they held their shields in front of them, easily blocking the incoming attack . Zhao Hai paid attention to the shields and saw Divine Race formations engraved on them, no wonder they were defensively effective . The Elves didn t use their blood lightning beads yet . Zhao Hai understood their decision, they wanted to wait until the Divine Race lowers their guard before they give them the full brunt of their attack . Zhao Hai stopped thinking about these as he released large quantities of undead . At the same time, he moved the undead mobile cannons in front, meeting the Divine Race advance . While waiting for the enemies to get closer, Zhao Hai turned his attention towards the heavy cavalry on the ground . These Divine Race heavy cavalry naturally weren t expecting an ambush . They were just simply and uncaringly charging towards the city . Zhao Hai looked at the heavy cavalry and silently calculated their strength . When he came to it, Zhao Hai discovered that this heavy cavalry unit wasn t very strong . On average, they only had 8th rank strength . This made Zhao Hai surprised . These heavy cavalry seemed to be the worst of the Divine Race army . At first, Zhao Hai didn t understand what was going on, but after looking into it and asking Cai er, he finally understood . These heavy cavalry weren t actually completely composed of the Divine Race . Them and the Divine Race had some differences in their appearance . It seems like this heavy cavalry were completely different people Their foreheads were low, their mouth was slightly protruding and looked like a monkey s mouth, completely unlike a human s . Their body hair was also very thick . However, their bodies were big and strong, it wouldn t be a good idea if one were to provoke them . The weapon in their hands were also special . It was a weapon that Zhao Hai hadn t seen before, it looked like a long sword but was actually a hammer . Each hammer looked like it wouldn t weigh less than fifty kilograms . Even average 8th ranks wouldn t use such weapons for battle . An 8th rank s battle qi would allow them to carry a 10 jin sword and fight for several hours . However, if they carry a 100 jin 50 kgs hammer then they can carry them for an hour, at most . Aside from innately strong people, nobody would use such heavy weapons . The Divine Race heavy cavalry seemed to be wild men . Each and every one of them were wearing heavy full body armor . They were brandishing their hammers as thought they were light . One couldn t help but recognize their strength upon seeing such a display . As the heavy cavalry were charging through, the ground under them suddenly collapsed . Moreover, it wasn t a small hole, it was big enough to swallow about a thousand heavy cavalry soldiers . Zhao Hai knew that this was the move of the Dwarves . One must say that when it came to digging, the Dwarves were the supreme masters of the art . The holes that they dug were enough to support a number of troops . But when that capacity reaches the target, then the ground would immediately collapse, eating up the unfortunate victims . This tactic had been effectively used by the Dwarves in their previous battles against mounted armies . As the first batch heavy cavalry fell into the pit, there were also troops from behind who weren t able to stop in time, which also caused them to fall into the pit . The hole was actually filled with numerous stone spikes . If these spikes were used normally, then they wouldn t have been very effective . But in this occasion, their lethality had increased by many folds . When the heavy infantry units fell into the hole, they were immediately killed by those spikes . The Dwarves didn t even appear from beginning to end . When these cavalry soldiers died, they immediately vanished from the pit . Those who looked into the whole only saw bloodstains, nothing else . The remaining heavy cavalry unit couldn t help but be surprised . But at this time, a shout can be heard behind them, compelling them to move around the pit and continued to charge forward, gradually approaching the city . However, as they went around the pit, they were once again met with a pit that was filled by stone spikes . But this time, aside from the careless ones, the hole had been rendered completely useless . At the same time, a bunch of yellow light appeared in front of the cavalry unit, allowing them to step across the hole without falling into it . Zhao Hai made Cai er look into this situation . It seems like the Divine Race had used earth element magic which was evidently better than the ones used by the Dwarves . At the same time this magic also killed about a hundred Dwarves while injuring dozens . Zhao Hai frowned, it seems like the Divine Race were quite experienced about these types of arrangements . They were very efficient in their ways of countering the Dwarves . The fluidity in their action wasn t something that can be practiced in such a short time . Then Zhao Hai changed his mind as he guessed the reason . The Divine Race surely had their enemies in the Divine Realm . Perhaps it was against foreign gods that used the same tactics as the Dwarves . Or perhaps they themselves were using such tactics . This explains why they were able to deal with it very quickly . Zhao Hai didn t actually care about this . The heavy cavalry units wouldn t be a huge threat to the city . Additionally, with the Beastmen in coordination with the Dwarves, the situation should be placed under control soon . Zhao Hai turned his focus to the other enemies in front of him, the horned pegasus cavalry and especially the Mage corps . He wanted to see what they would bring to the battlefield . The horned pegasus cavalry were still gracefully flying towards Zhao Hai s direction . The light cavalry unit numbered in the hundreds of thousands, much greater than the about hundred thousand Elven cavalry . The horned pegasus cavalry didn t even chase the Elves . In their minds, sending a small team over should be enough to deal with them . The Divine Race were really arrogant, but they would surely pay the price for this attitude . Zhao Hai coldly snorted, he had more than 1 million undead behind him, several hundred of which were equipped with magic cannons . Moreover, these several hundred undead didn t carry only one magic cannon, they had multiple inside of them . Their killing power wasn t something to be underestimated . It was quite obvious that this horned pegasus unit was much stronger than the heavy cavalry . Although they were composed of mostly 9th ranks, they also had God ranks among them . Before long, the horned pegasus cavalry stopped a kilometer away from Zhao Hai . They just stood in place as they looked at his direction . They didn t move and they didn t speak, it seems like they were waiting for something . Zhao Hai didn t speak as well . He looked as the infantry behind the light cavalry arranged themselves . Then the Divine Race mages started to fly towards him . Zhao Hai looked at these people, he didn t know what they wanted to do . However, Zhao Hai made up his mind and decided to cope with the events as they happen .





* * *





Chapter 739 – Projection?

Before long, the Divine Race’s magic cannons arrived at the forefront of the battlefield . At this time, the formation had changed . The light cavalry divided itself into two wings and went to both sides of the formation while the infantry took up the position of the center . It was a well-performed change to a winged formation .

Zhao Hai calmly looked at the other party’s arrangements . He had already prepared his cube formation and was waiting for the enemy to come . But seeing that they didn’t charge immediately, it seems like the other party wanted to exchange a few words .

And Zhao Hai’s guess was right . The Divine Race’s formation stopped in its tracks as a person wearing a mage’s robe flew forward . Zhao Hai felt that this person was strange, however, he really didn’t know why he felt this .

He was wearing a snow white robe while he held a nearly transparent magic staff . In the staff’s head was actually a winged statue of a young girl . The statue emanated an angel’s holiness . And under his feet were clouds, giving him a look of a holy saint .

Wait! Clouds? Are those clouds under his feet? Zao Hai thought about it and gawked . It was now that Zhao Hai understood the strangeness of this person . It was actually because of the clouds on his feet .

One must know that their current altitude wasn’t high enough for clouds to appear . However, this person was actually stepping on a bunch of them, this was what made Zhao Hai feel strange .





But Zhao Hai was also quick to discover that the clouds on this person’s feet weren’t just decorations, they should be weapon themselves .

Although Zhao Hai can also make clouds appear as long as he uses water magic, it would still be water vapor in the end . Being attractive and mystical wasn’t something that a simple water spell could do .

The cloud that this person was stepping on was different . The clouds themselves look like they were their own entity . The clouds were soft, and whenever the person steps on them, they would even sink a bit .

Zhao Hai’s eyes unconsciously narrowed . It seems like this Divine Race person wasn’t so simple . Just his clouds were enough to surprise Zhao Hai, there was no need to say about the staff on his hand .

The Divine Race person was also sizing Zhao Hai up . He had an ordinary face, a black mage’s robe, a blood red magic staff, and was standing on top of a bone dragon . It wouldn’t take too long for one to see that he was a Dark Mage .

The Divine looked at Zhao Hai and then bowed, “Mister Zhao Hai? Thine is the Divine Race’s High War General, Cloud Ying . I have finally seen ye . ”[1]

Zhao Hai didn’t think that this person would be polite . He stared for a moment before he quickly gave his reply, “This is indeed Zhao Hai . I have seen War General Cloud Ying . ”

Cloud Ying looked at Zhao Hai and laughed . He didn’t look like an enemy at all . He seemed more like a good friend, a very good friend .





Cloud Ying looked at Zhao Hai and laughed . He didn’t look like an enemy at all . He seemed more like a good friend, a very good friend .

When Zhao Hai saw Cloud Ying’s action, his heart couldn’t help but feel more vigilant . He knew that people like Silver Shuke weren’t the true dangerous characters . Those who looked like Cloud Ying were the real monsters . This person was basically a smiling tiger, one who calls you brother while he stabs you in the chest .

Zhao Hai didn’t make any noise as he continued to look at Cloud Ying . This made Cloud Ying surprised, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be in such a good condition, he wasn’t angry at all . It was at this moment that Cloud Ying also placed Zhao Hai in his list of dangerous people . Cloud Ying knew that the situation cannot stay this stiff, so he said, “Doth hath heard of mister’s name for a long time . Mister’s name is as commons as the clouds whenever the Ark Continent gets discussed . This Cloud Ying had always admired mister, it is a great fortune for me and my party to be able to meet you today . ”[2]

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel sour at this point . Although he liked to read ancient literature, opportunities to speak like them was too few . Cloud Ying’s way of talking wasn’t something that Zhao Hai was used to .

However, Zhao Hai still replied, “Mister is overpraising me . I am no more than an ordinary citizen of the Ark Continent . It should be me who needs to feel honored . The Divine Realm is very large and populous, for mister to have his current standing is something that is extremely laudable . This Zhao Hai is very honored to have met you . ”

While Zhao Hai’s expression was calm, he was actually feeling quite sour inside . However, since the other side wanted to talk nonsense, then it was only good manners to reply with nonsense as well .

Zhao Hai’s reply made Cloud Ying stare he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have this kind of response . He also felt disgusted, but he couldn’t say anything . Cloud Ying was starting to feel that Zhao Hai was very hard to deal with .

However, Cloud Ying still replied to Zhao Hai, “It seems like mister also has some understanding with regards to the Divine Realm . Mister should know that the dream of the people in the Ark Continent’s people was to enter the Divine Realm and become a member of the Divine Race . This time, our Divine Race went against the laws and broke the space to enter the Ark Continent . So why would mister meet us with hostile intentions?”





However, Cloud Ying still replied to Zhao Hai, “It seems like mister also has some understanding with regards to the Divine Realm . Mister should know that the dream of the people in the Ark Continent’s people was to enter the Divine Realm and become a member of the Divine Race . This time, our Divine Race went against the laws and broke the space to enter the Ark Continent . So why would mister meet us with hostile intentions?”

Zhao Hai looked at Cloud Ying and then smiled faintly, “You’re right, the people in the Ark Continent really wanted to ascend to the Divine Realm and become a member of the Divine Race . However, why haven’t there been any ascensions in the past tens of thousands of years? Shouldn’t Mister Cloud Ying be aware of this reason? Since the Divine Realm doesn’t want us, then the Ark Continent naturally wouldn’t reach out for friendship . We decided to live our lives peacefully but we didn’t think that you would actually want to disrupt our lives . Now, tell me, why shouldn’t I meet you with hostility?”

Cloud Ying didn’t expect Zhao Hai to suddenly be impolite, his words suddenly turning sharp . Cloud Ying’s expression couldn’t help but sink as he said, “So mister is saying that my Divine Race had disrupted the life of the Ark Continent? The continent is a plane under the jurisdiction of the Divine Race, it belongs to us . This means that the residents of this plan is of a lower life form compared to the Divine Race . For us to open the space to the Ark Continent is akin to giving you face . But mister is actually ungrateful, isn’t this quite ironic?”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh out loud, “You Divine Race really are what I heard you to be . You actually think that your invasion of the Ark Continent is a sacred task . Hahaha . This Zhao Hai has seen shameless people in his life, but I haven’t seen people who are as shameless as you . You broke the Space? Then let me ask you, what did it take for you to break the space? You actually used the flesh and blood of my people, millions of them . It is a shameless crime to claim their sacrifice as your own merit . Let this Zhao Hai give you an advice . You want to rule the Ark Continent? Then make sure that you manage to kill every single one of us . Otherwise, I will lead the people of the Ark Continent towards the Divine Realm and slaughter the Divine Race!”

At the end of his speech, Zhao Hai’s killing aura had reached the heavens . Cloud Ying couldn’t help but change his expression as he saw Zhao Hai . Then his voice turned cold as he said, “Since mister doesn’t want to hand the Ark Continent over . Then we shall identify it as a rebellion . Mister fighting with us will only bring ruin to the Ark Continent . However, we don’t know if the other people in the continent shares this idea . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Cloud Ying and smiled faintly, “Mister doesn’t need to worry about this matter . To be honest, I am very worried for mister . The Demons had also arrived in the Ark Continent . Have you taken them into account? If the Divine Race suffers heavy casualties in the Ark Continent, then are you still able to keep your territory in the Divine Realm?”

When Cloud Ying heard Zhao Hai, his complexion couldn’t help but change . Zhao Hai’s understanding of the Divine Realm was extremely good . This made him quite confused . The Radiant Church has rewritten the history of the Ark Continent . At this point, the Ark Continent shouldn’t have any records pertaining to the matters of the Divine Realm . Where did Zhao Hai acquire such information?

Seeing Cloud Ying’s change in complexion, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, “Talking here would be a waste of breath . What are you waiting for? I’ve been waiting here for a long time, I wanted to see how strong the people that the Divine Race had sent this time . ”

Cloud Ying gawked, when he saw Zhao Hai’s smiling face, he couldn’t help but coldly snort and said, “Do you really think that we couldn’t deal with you? You think that your undead are able to stop the Divine Race? You are completely dreaming . Today, I shall let you witness the might of the Divine Race . I shall let you know that whoever blocks our path would die!”



Seeing Cloud Ying’s change in complexion, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, “Talking here would be a waste of breath . What are you waiting for? I’ve been waiting here for a long time, I wanted to see how strong the people that the Divine Race had sent this time . ”

Cloud Ying gawked, when he saw Zhao Hai’s smiling face, he couldn’t help but coldly snort and said, “Do you really think that we couldn’t deal with you? You think that your undead are able to stop the Divine Race? You are completely dreaming . Today, I shall let you witness the might of the Divine Race . I shall let you know that whoever blocks our path would die!”

The Cloud Ying waved his hand as the staffs of the Mages behind him shone . Then the Mages waved their staff and released a white light which combined with each other . It formed a huge light ball before it blasted out and made a rift in the sky . And then from that rift, a shadow of a person suddenly came out .

When Zhao Hai saw this person, he couldn’t help but stare . The person was wearing an ash gray close fitting gown . The hair on his head was very long but was tied by a silver headpiece . The person wore soft bottom leather shoes and was carrying a folding fan on his hand .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be shocked with this image . This figure shouldn’t appear in the Ark Continent, it shouldn’t even appear in the Divine Realm . This was because the figure looked exactly like an ancient Chinese rich Young Master . This person had a faint yellow skin, black hair, black pupils and looked Chinese . What was going on?

However, Zhao Hai was quick to know that this person was only a phantom . Although Zhao Hai couldn’t feel that the person wasn’t there, he was certain that the figure wasn’t a real person, but a projection instead .

It can be translated as Cloud Shadow(Yun Ying) But I liked how the Divine Race were named before(Tiger Huan, Silver Shuke) so I decided to only translate the first character when it came to this one . Pardon my archaic english attempts, xD just assume the Cloud Ying talks like an ancient man in this context .  Chapter 739 Projection Before long, the Divine Race s magic cannons arrived at the forefront of the battlefield . At this time, the formation had changed . The light cavalry divided itself into two wings and went to both sides of the formation while the infantry took up the position of the center . It was a well performed change to a winged formation . Zhao Hai calmly looked at the other party s arrangements . He had already prepared his cube formation and was waiting for the enemy to come . But seeing that they didn t charge immediately, it seems like the other party wanted to exchange a few words . And Zhao Hai s guess was right . The Divine Race s formation stopped in its tracks as a person wearing a mage s robe flew forward . Zhao Hai felt that this person was strange, however, he really didn t know why he felt this . He was wearing a snow white robe while he held a nearly transparent magic staff . In the staff s head was actually a winged statue of a young girl . The statue emanated an angel s holiness . And under his feet were clouds, giving him a look of a holy saint . Wait Clouds Are those clouds under his feet Zao Hai thought about it and gawked . It was now that Zhao Hai understood the strangeness of this person . It was actually because of the clouds on his feet . One must know that their current altitude wasn t high enough for clouds to appear . However, this person was actually stepping on a bunch of them, this was what made Zhao Hai feel strange . But Zhao Hai was also quick to discover that the clouds on this person s feet weren t just decorations, they should be weapon themselves . Although Zhao Hai can also make clouds appear as long as he uses water magic, it would still be water vapor in the end . Being attractive and mystical wasn t something that a simple water spell could do . The cloud that this person was stepping on was different . The clouds themselves look like they were their own entity . The clouds were soft, and whenever the person steps on them, they would even sink a bit . Zhao Hai s eyes unconsciously narrowed . It seems like this Divine Race person wasn t so simple . Just his clouds were enough to surprise Zhao Hai, there was no need to say about the staff on his hand . The Divine Race person was also sizing Zhao Hai up . He had an ordinary face, a black mage s robe, a blood red magic staff, and was standing on top of a bone dragon . It wouldn t take too long for one to see that he was a Dark Mage . The Divine looked at Zhao Hai and then bowed, Mister Zhao Hai Thine is the Divine Race s High War General, Cloud Ying . I have finally seen ye . 1 Zhao Hai didn t think that this person would be polite . He stared for a moment before he quickly gave his reply, This is indeed Zhao Hai . I have seen War General Cloud Ying . Cloud Ying looked at Zhao Hai and laughed . He didn t look like an enemy at all . He seemed more like a good friend, a very good friend . When Zhao Hai saw Cloud Ying s action, his heart couldn t help but feel more vigilant . He knew that people like Silver Shuke weren t the true dangerous characters . Those who looked like Cloud Ying were the real monsters . This person was basically a smiling tiger, one who calls you brother while he stabs you in the chest . Zhao Hai didn t make any noise as he continued to look at Cloud Ying . This made Cloud Ying surprised, he didn t think that Zhao Hai would be in such a good condition, he wasn t angry at all . It was at this moment that Cloud Ying also placed Zhao Hai in his list of dangerous people . Cloud Ying knew that the situation cannot stay this stiff, so he said, Doth hath heard of mister s name for a long time . Mister s name is as commons as the clouds whenever the Ark Continent gets discussed . This Cloud Ying had always admired mister, it is a great fortune for me and my party to be able to meet you today . 2 Zhao Hai couldn t help but feel sour at this point . Although he liked to read ancient literature, opportunities to speak like them was too few . Cloud Ying s way of talking wasn t something that Zhao Hai was used to . However, Zhao Hai still replied, Mister is overpraising me . I am no more than an ordinary citizen of the Ark Continent . It should be me who needs to feel honored . The Divine Realm is very large and populous, for mister to have his current standing is something that is extremely laudable . This Zhao Hai is very honored to have met you . While Zhao Hai s expression was calm, he was actually feeling quite sour inside . However, since the other side wanted to talk nonsense, then it was only good manners to reply with nonsense as well . Zhao Hai s reply made Cloud Ying stare he didn t think that Zhao Hai would have this kind of response . He also felt disgusted, but he couldn t say anything . Cloud Ying was starting to feel that Zhao Hai was very hard to deal with . However, Cloud Ying still replied to Zhao Hai, It seems like mister also has some understanding with regards to the Divine Realm . Mister should know that the dream of the people in the Ark Continent s people was to enter the Divine Realm and become a member of the Divine Race . This time, our Divine Race went against the laws and broke the space to enter the Ark Continent . So why would mister meet us with hostile intentions Zhao Hai looked at Cloud Ying and then smiled faintly, You re right, the people in the Ark Continent really wanted to ascend to the Divine Realm and become a member of the Divine Race . However, why haven t there been any ascensions in the past tens of thousands of years Shouldn t Mister Cloud Ying be aware of this reason Since the Divine Realm doesn t want us, then the Ark Continent naturally wouldn t reach out for friendship . We decided to live our lives peacefully but we didn t think that you would actually want to disrupt our lives . Now, tell me, why shouldn t I meet you with hostility Cloud Ying didn t expect Zhao Hai to suddenly be impolite, his words suddenly turning sharp . Cloud Ying s expression couldn t help but sink as he said, So mister is saying that my Divine Race had disrupted the life of the Ark Continent The continent is a plane under the jurisdiction of the Divine Race, it belongs to us . This means that the residents of this plan is of a lower life form compared to the Divine Race . For us to open the space to the Ark Continent is akin to giving you face . But mister is actually ungrateful, isn t this quite ironic Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh out loud, You Divine Race really are what I heard you to be . You actually think that your invasion of the Ark Continent is a sacred task . Hahaha . This Zhao Hai has seen shameless people in his life, but I haven t seen people who are as shameless as you . You broke the Space Then let me ask you, what did it take for you to break the space You actually used the flesh and blood of my people, millions of them . It is a shameless crime to claim their sacrifice as your own merit . Let this Zhao Hai give you an advice . You want to rule the Ark Continent Then make sure that you manage to kill every single one of us . Otherwise, I will lead the people of the Ark Continent towards the Divine Realm and slaughter the Divine Race At the end of his speech, Zhao Hai s killing aura had reached the heavens . Cloud Ying couldn t help but change his expression as he saw Zhao Hai . Then his voice turned cold as he said, Since mister doesn t want to hand the Ark Continent over . Then we shall identify it as a rebellion . Mister fighting with us will only bring ruin to the Ark Continent . However, we don t know if the other people in the continent shares this idea . Zhao Hai looked at Cloud Ying and smiled faintly, Mister doesn t need to worry about this matter . To be honest, I am very worried for mister . The Demons had also arrived in the Ark Continent . Have you taken them into account If the Divine Race suffers heavy casualties in the Ark Continent, then are you still able to keep your territory in the Divine Realm When Cloud Ying heard Zhao Hai, his complexion couldn t help but change . Zhao Hai s understanding of the Divine Realm was extremely good . This made him quite confused . The Radiant Church has rewritten the history of the Ark Continent . At this point, the Ark Continent shouldn t have any records pertaining to the matters of the Divine Realm . Where did Zhao Hai acquire such information Seeing Cloud Ying s change in complexion, Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile, Talking here would be a waste of breath . What are you waiting for I ve been waiting here for a long time, I wanted to see how strong the people that the Divine Race had sent this time . Cloud Ying gawked, when he saw Zhao Hai s smiling face, he couldn t help but coldly snort and said, Do you really think that we couldn t deal with you You think that your undead are able to stop the Divine Race You are completely dreaming . Today, I shall let you witness the might of the Divine Race . I shall let you know that whoever blocks our path would die The Cloud Ying waved his hand as the staffs of the Mages behind him shone . Then the Mages waved their staff and released a white light which combined with each other . It formed a huge light ball before it blasted out and made a rift in the sky . And then from that rift, a shadow of a person suddenly came out . When Zhao Hai saw this person, he couldn t help but stare . The person was wearing an ash gray close fitting gown . The hair on his head was very long but was tied by a silver headpiece . The person wore soft bottom leather shoes and was carrying a folding fan on his hand . Zhao Hai couldn t help but be shocked with this image . This figure shouldn t appear in the Ark Continent, it shouldn t even appear in the Divine Realm . This was because the figure looked exactly like an ancient Chinese rich Young Master . This person had a faint yellow skin, black hair, black pupils and looked Chinese . What was going on However, Zhao Hai was quick to know that this person was only a phantom . Although Zhao Hai couldn t feel that the person wasn t there, he was certain that the figure wasn t a real person, but a projection instead . It can be translated as Cloud Shadow Yun Ying But I liked how the Divine Race were named before Tiger Huan, Silver Shuke so I decided to only translate the first character when it came to this one . Pardon my archaic english attempts, xD just assume the Cloud Ying talks like an ancient man in this context .





* * *





Chapter 740 – Immortal Cultivator?

Although Zhao Hai was certain that it was just a projection, he still didn’t dare to underestimate it . This was because the figure was giving him a strong pressure, a pressure that Zhao Hai had felt for the first time . Zhao Hai was certain that this person was extremely strong .

As soon as the projection appeared, he turned around to look at the scene . Then he showed a look of disappointment on his face as he turned to Cloud Ying, “Why did you invite me over?” Zhao Hai noticed that this person was being impolite to Cloud Ying . He even addressed him by ‘you’ . At the same time, he also said ‘invited’, not called or found . It seems like this person’s status was much higher than Cloud Ying .

Sure enough, Cloud Ying became subservient to this person as he replied, “I have seen the Deity . I came here to perform the Deity’s work . But this person is obstructing us . I’m afraid we have to ask the Deity for help . ”

Then the person looked over to Zhao Hai and said, “It’s just a puny Foundation Establishment brat . Why are you having troubles in dealing with him . ”

It seems like Cloud Ying was afraid of this person . He immediately lowered his head and said, “Replying to the Deity . Although the strength of this person is ordinary, he had all sorts of tricks that are very hard to deal with . Me and the others simply don’t have the means to deal with him in such a short time . Therefore, we decided to ask the Deity for help . ” The person looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You and the others are handling matters for me, so it is natural that I would help . As long as you remember your jobs, then I shall deal with this person . ” Then he addressed Zhao Hai, “Boy, it looks like you had a few achievements despite being young . Its a pity that you shall fall to my hands . ”





Zhao Hai looked straight into this person and said, “Are you the one who taught the Divine Race how to change the laws?” The person didn’t think that Zhao Hai would ask this question, he became more curious towards Zhao Hai as he laughed, “You certainly aren’t ordinary . Hahaha . Right, it was I who taught them . Otherwise, they would waste materials on pointless methods . Boy, if it was any other occasion, then I might accept you to be my servant . But unfortunately, you will die today . ”

Zhao Hai coldly replied, “I am not interested in being another person’s dog . If you want to kill me, then do it . Since you came to this plane, I’m fairly certain that you will have restrictions on yourself . You might even be reduced to a few steps down from your current strength . Moreover, I wonder how long you will be able to stay here . ”

When this person heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but gawk, he looked straight at Zhao Hai and said, “Boy, you’re quite smart . Correct, I cannot stay too long in this place and I cannot use my complete strength . However, dealing with you should be easy enough . ”

Zhao Hai actually laughed and said, “You’re just a projection . Even if you are strong, you are still bound to a few steps down from your actual strength . Even if you are a Nascent Soul expert, you still aren’t enough to kill me!”

When this person heard Zhao Hai’ words, his expression couldn’t help but change . He looked coldly at Zhao hai and said, “Who told you that? Nobody in this place should be able to know what a Nascent Soul expert is . Who are you?”

Zhao Hai calmed himself, he coldly looked at the person and said, “And why should I tell you?” Zhao Hai said the word ‘Nascent Soul’ as a probe . This was because he had heard ‘Foundation Establishment’ from before!

These words aren’t strange when it came to the novels back on Earth . As long as one looks at a xianxia novel, then there will be a high chance that these stages of cultivation would appear . Because of this, Zhao Hai tried to use the word ‘Nascent Soul’ that he usually read about . If this person hadn’t heard of this, then he would have no response just like Cloud Ying and the others . It was clear that the Divine Race were completely clueless what these words were, which explains their lack of response .





These words aren’t strange when it came to the novels back on Earth . As long as one looks at a xianxia novel, then there will be a high chance that these stages of cultivation would appear . Because of this, Zhao Hai tried to use the word ‘Nascent Soul’ that he usually read about . If this person hadn’t heard of this, then he would have no response just like Cloud Ying and the others . It was clear that the Divine Race were completely clueless what these words were, which explains their lack of response .

‘Nascent Soul’ usually came after Foundation Establishment in xianxia novels . Therefore, Zhao Hai took this word out to test the person . He actually didn’t expect that he would take the bait this easily . This made Zhao Hai’s heart sink . He knew that Foundation Establishment was no more than an entry level stage in cultivation . In other words, he had just touched the boundary and had just become an Immortal Cultivator .

Although he didn’t know which realm this person was from, but it was evident that Foundation Establishment was the lowest stage in his realm . In this case, then there were even more mysterious people behind the Divine Race . It seems like the enemies that they will face had become much stronger .

The man was evidently irritated by Zhao Hai, the look on his eyes was proof enough . The man said, “Good, good . Nobody has dared talk to this Deity this way in many years . Boy, prepare to have your soul sucked out of your body and refined . You will neither be alive nor dead . ”

Zhao Hai simply replied, “Try it if you can . ”

The person didn’t waste any breath, he immediately shouted, “Mountain River Fan!” The waved his hand as his fan flew out . The fan became bigger and then a big river suddenly flowed out of it and went straight to Zhao Hai . When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he immediately made a retreat as he placed all of his undead, as well as Berry and Shue into the Space . Zhao Hai had no idea about how strong this man was . The only thing he knew was that this man had called him foundation establishment . And it seems that this person was much stronger than Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai’s figure moved as he established his Domain . Then his Domain changed into a cube that had a whirlpool in the middle, directly welcoming the incoming river .





Zhao Hai’s figure moved as he established his Domain . Then his Domain changed into a cube that had a whirlpool in the middle, directly welcoming the incoming river .

The river that the man released was very heavy, and its impact was quite strong . In a blink of an eye, the river clashed with Zhao Hai’s Domain . The Domain was constantly shaking, and Zhao Hai’s face started to get pale . The impact was really heavy .

The attack wasn’t a joke, the river was nothing like the spells in the Ark Continent . The river itself was a weapon that held concealed energy . Although it stopped after hitting Zhao Hai’s Domain, the river stayed mobile and attacked the Domain by waves . The first wave of impact brought enough energy that it deformed the Domain .

This was the first time that Zhao Hai had encountered an attack like this . Due to its strength, he couldn’t help but cough up blood . Zhao Hai knew that the person had used a magic weapon, otherwise, the attack wouldn’t have been very strong .

At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly felt that everything around him had turned dim . Then a huge mountain suddenly appeared overhead . Zhao Hai became startled . If he were to block this mountain, then he would become fully exhausted . Resisting the mountain was impossible .

With an intention, Zhao Hai moved his Domain and transformed it into a rotating sphere, negating the strong attacks of the river . However, the mountain still pressed on . Zhao Hai shouted as his Domain changed into a big hand . The hand grasped the mountain, slowing its descent down .

When the person saw Zhao Hai’s performance, he couldn’t help but be surprised . “I didn’t think that a puny foundation establishment brat such a you would actually be able to block my mountain river fan . Although the mountain river fan is just a projection, it could still exhibit a sixth of its strength . For you to block it is surely surprising . I thought that all of the cultivation methods of this plain are pure rubbish, it seems like I have to rethink my thoughts . ” Zhao Hai didn’t have the leverage to answer right now . He made a small grunt as a blue water ball appeared in his hand . Then he threw this water ball towards the attacking river .

Although it looked like this, the water ball was actually Bubble . Bubble was said to be the source of myriad water, so Zhao Hai wanted to see if he could deal with this river with the use of Bubble . Therefore, he had Cai’er ask Bubble .



When the person saw Zhao Hai’s performance, he couldn’t help but be surprised . “I didn’t think that a puny foundation establishment brat such a you would actually be able to block my mountain river fan . Although the mountain river fan is just a projection, it could still exhibit a sixth of its strength . For you to block it is surely surprising . I thought that all of the cultivation methods of this plain are pure rubbish, it seems like I have to rethink my thoughts . ” Zhao Hai didn’t have the leverage to answer right now . He made a small grunt as a blue water ball appeared in his hand . Then he threw this water ball towards the attacking river .

Although it looked like this, the water ball was actually Bubble . Bubble was said to be the source of myriad water, so Zhao Hai wanted to see if he could deal with this river with the use of Bubble . Therefore, he had Cai’er ask Bubble .

Bubble actually said yes . When Zhao Hai threw him, Bubble immediately changed his appearance into a small child made of water . Then he rotated in place as he pulled the river in . Before long, Bubble disappeared within a large spinning lake .

Then Bubble shrank his body as he returned to Zhao Hai’s Domain . Zhao Hai immediately made his move and took Bubble back to the Space . Zhao Hai felt that after Bubble absorbed the river, he had actually become unstable . Bubble would need some time before he would be able to digest it .

Although the process seemed slow, it actually happened quite fast . Zhao Hai taking Bubble out, absorbing the water, and then returning to the Space only took a blink of an eye .

When the man found out that something was wrong, Bubble had already sucked the river into his body and had returned to the Space . The man couldn’t help but get enraged . Although he only came with his projection, he would still need to expend some energy in order to maintain it, making this projection a type of avatar that once forcibly broken, then it would damage the main body . At the same time, his magical treasure also had their own treasure spirit . Their projection also held a piece of the spirit’s self . When this projection gets broken, then it would definitely cause some damage to the treasure, it might even fall a level .

One must know that for an immortal cultivator, magical treasures were very important . Each cultivator would do everything in their hands in order to upgrade their own treasures . A treasure being downgraded was the same as damaging the vitality of a cultivator, it would definitely have a direct effect in their fighting strength .

When the person saw that Zhao Hai took the river’s projection away, he couldn’t help but get startled as he shouted, “Brat, you dare!” One must know that the river was not made out of any ordinary river . It was actually made out of Profound Moon River, a water that was rich in yin force . It had an effect of strengthening Ghosts and held a corrosive effect towards other treasures . The man took great effort in order to refine this water for his own treasure . Who would’ve thought that its projection would actually be absorbed by Zhao Hai . The effect of this action towards the Mountain River Fan wasn’t small . So how could he not be startled, how could he not be angry?

 Chapter 740 Immortal Cultivator Although Zhao Hai was certain that it was just a projection, he still didn t dare to underestimate it . This was because the figure was giving him a strong pressure, a pressure that Zhao Hai had felt for the first time . Zhao Hai was certain that this person was extremely strong . As soon as the projection appeared, he turned around to look at the scene . Then he showed a look of disappointment on his face as he turned to Cloud Ying, Why did you invite me over Zhao Hai noticed that this person was being impolite to Cloud Ying . He even addressed him by you . At the same time, he also said invited , not called or found . It seems like this person s status was much higher than Cloud Ying . Sure enough, Cloud Ying became subservient to this person as he replied, I have seen the Deity . I came here to perform the Deity s work . But this person is obstructing us . I m afraid we have to ask the Deity for help . Then the person looked over to Zhao Hai and said, It s just a puny Foundation Establishment brat . Why are you having troubles in dealing with him . It seems like Cloud Ying was afraid of this person . He immediately lowered his head and said, Replying to the Deity . Although the strength of this person is ordinary, he had all sorts of tricks that are very hard to deal with . Me and the others simply don t have the means to deal with him in such a short time . Therefore, we decided to ask the Deity for help . The person looked at Zhao Hai and said, You and the others are handling matters for me, so it is natural that I would help . As long as you remember your jobs, then I shall deal with this person . Then he addressed Zhao Hai, Boy, it looks like you had a few achievements despite being young . Its a pity that you shall fall to my hands . Zhao Hai looked straight into this person and said, Are you the one who taught the Divine Race how to change the laws The person didn t think that Zhao Hai would ask this question, he became more curious towards Zhao Hai as he laughed, You certainly aren t ordinary . Hahaha . Right, it was I who taught them . Otherwise, they would waste materials on pointless methods . Boy, if it was any other occasion, then I might accept you to be my servant . But unfortunately, you will die today . Zhao Hai coldly replied, I am not interested in being another person s dog . If you want to kill me, then do it . Since you came to this plane, I m fairly certain that you will have restrictions on yourself . You might even be reduced to a few steps down from your current strength . Moreover, I wonder how long you will be able to stay here . When this person heard Zhao Hai, he couldn t help but gawk, he looked straight at Zhao Hai and said, Boy, you re quite smart . Correct, I cannot stay too long in this place and I cannot use my complete strength . However, dealing with you should be easy enough . Zhao Hai actually laughed and said, You re just a projection . Even if you are strong, you are still bound to a few steps down from your actual strength . Even if you are a Nascent Soul expert, you still aren t enough to kill me When this person heard Zhao Hai words, his expression couldn t help but change . He looked coldly at Zhao hai and said, Who told you that Nobody in this place should be able to know what a Nascent Soul expert is . Who are you Zhao Hai calmed himself, he coldly looked at the person and said, And why should I tell you Zhao Hai said the word Nascent Soul as a probe . This was because he had heard Foundation Establishment from before These words aren t strange when it came to the novels back on Earth . As long as one looks at a xianxia novel, then there will be a high chance that these stages of cultivation would appear . Because of this, Zhao Hai tried to use the word Nascent Soul that he usually read about . If this person hadn t heard of this, then he would have no response just like Cloud Ying and the others . It was clear that the Divine Race were completely clueless what these words were, which explains their lack of response . Nascent Soul usually came after Foundation Establishment in xianxia novels . Therefore, Zhao Hai took this word out to test the person . He actually didn t expect that he would take the bait this easily . This made Zhao Hai s heart sink . He knew that Foundation Establishment was no more than an entry level stage in cultivation . In other words, he had just touched the boundary and had just become an Immortal Cultivator . Although he didn t know which realm this person was from, but it was evident that Foundation Establishment was the lowest stage in his realm . In this case, then there were even more mysterious people behind the Divine Race . It seems like the enemies that they will face had become much stronger . The man was evidently irritated by Zhao Hai, the look on his eyes was proof enough . The man said, Good, good . Nobody has dared talk to this Deity this way in many years . Boy, prepare to have your soul sucked out of your body and refined . You will neither be alive nor dead . Zhao Hai simply replied, Try it if you can . The person didn t waste any breath, he immediately shouted, Mountain River Fan The waved his hand as his fan flew out . The fan became bigger and then a big river suddenly flowed out of it and went straight to Zhao Hai . When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he immediately made a retreat as he placed all of his undead, as well as Berry and Shue into the Space . Zhao Hai had no idea about how strong this man was . The only thing he knew was that this man had called him foundation establishment . And it seems that this person was much stronger than Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai s figure moved as he established his Domain . Then his Domain changed into a cube that had a whirlpool in the middle, directly welcoming the incoming river . The river that the man released was very heavy, and its impact was quite strong . In a blink of an eye, the river clashed with Zhao Hai s Domain . The Domain was constantly shaking, and Zhao Hai s face started to get pale . The impact was really heavy . The attack wasn t a joke, the river was nothing like the spells in the Ark Continent . The river itself was a weapon that held concealed energy . Although it stopped after hitting Zhao Hai s Domain, the river stayed mobile and attacked the Domain by waves . The first wave of impact brought enough energy that it deformed the Domain . This was the first time that Zhao Hai had encountered an attack like this . Due to its strength, he couldn t help but cough up blood . Zhao Hai knew that the person had used a magic weapon, otherwise, the attack wouldn t have been very strong . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly felt that everything around him had turned dim . Then a huge mountain suddenly appeared overhead . Zhao Hai became startled . If he were to block this mountain, then he would become fully exhausted . Resisting the mountain was impossible . With an intention, Zhao Hai moved his Domain and transformed it into a rotating sphere, negating the strong attacks of the river . However, the mountain still pressed on . Zhao Hai shouted as his Domain changed into a big hand . The hand grasped the mountain, slowing its descent down . When the person saw Zhao Hai s performance, he couldn t help but be surprised . I didn t think that a puny foundation establishment brat such a you would actually be able to block my mountain river fan . Although the mountain river fan is just a projection, it could still exhibit a sixth of its strength . For you to block it is surely surprising . I thought that all of the cultivation methods of this plain are pure rubbish, it seems like I have to rethink my thoughts . Zhao Hai didn t have the leverage to answer right now . He made a small grunt as a blue water ball appeared in his hand . Then he threw this water ball towards the attacking river . Although it looked like this, the water ball was actually Bubble . Bubble was said to be the source of myriad water, so Zhao Hai wanted to see if he could deal with this river with the use of Bubble . Therefore, he had Cai er ask Bubble . Bubble actually said yes . When Zhao Hai threw him, Bubble immediately changed his appearance into a small child made of water . Then he rotated in place as he pulled the river in . Before long, Bubble disappeared within a large spinning lake . Then Bubble shrank his body as he returned to Zhao Hai s Domain . Zhao Hai immediately made his move and took Bubble back to the Space . Zhao Hai felt that after Bubble absorbed the river, he had actually become unstable . Bubble would need some time before he would be able to digest it . Although the process seemed slow, it actually happened quite fast . Zhao Hai taking Bubble out, absorbing the water, and then returning to the Space only took a blink of an eye . When the man found out that something was wrong, Bubble had already sucked the river into his body and had returned to the Space . The man couldn t help but get enraged . Although he only came with his projection, he would still need to expend some energy in order to maintain it, making this projection a type of avatar that once forcibly broken, then it would damage the main body . At the same time, his magical treasure also had their own treasure spirit . Their projection also held a piece of the spirit s self . When this projection gets broken, then it would definitely cause some damage to the treasure, it might even fall a level . One must know that for an immortal cultivator, magical treasures were very important . Each cultivator would do everything in their hands in order to upgrade their own treasures . A treasure being downgraded was the same as damaging the vitality of a cultivator, it would definitely have a direct effect in their fighting strength . When the person saw that Zhao Hai took the river s projection away, he couldn t help but get startled as he shouted, Brat, you dare One must know that the river was not made out of any ordinary river . It was actually made out of Profound Moon River, a water that was rich in yin force . It had an effect of strengthening Ghosts and held a corrosive effect towards other treasures . The man took great effort in order to refine this water for his own treasure . Who would ve thought that its projection would actually be absorbed by Zhao Hai . The effect of this action towards the Mountain River Fan wasn t small . So how could he not be startled, how could he not be angry





* * *





Chapter 741 – Pressed to Defend

When Zhao Hai heard the person shout, he turned to look at his and sneered, “If you want to kill me, then you naturally need to pay a price . ” Since Bubble had absorbed the river, the pressure on Zhao Hai had lessened . The only thing that he needed to deal with right now was the huge mountain .

Zhao Hai discovered that the Mountain River Fan’s mountain was inferior in attacking strength compared to the river . Although the mountain looked very formidable and had the ability to give strong pressure, that was its only attack . On the other hand, due to the dark energy inside the river, its attacks got more powerful as the waves continued to clash towards Zhao Hai’s domain .

And Zhao Hai didn’t guess wrong . The mountain and river were both part of the Mountain River Fan . However, the river was the more powerful one of the two . The water from the river was refined in the River of Nothingness . The water in that river was a treasure in their world, its power was enormous, which aided the attacking power of the river . On the other hand, the mountain was just an ordinary mountain . It was just used in order to fulfil the requirements in making the mountain river fan . Because of this, it was impossible for the mountain to be on par with the river .

The person’s face was pale as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Good, good . It seems like I had underestimated you . Still, you will have to die today . ” Then he waved his hand as a sword came out of his ring .

The sword was three feet long and three inches wide . It was blood red and had quite a long hilt . The sword floated in the sky before the person pointed his finger to Zhao Hai and said, “Go!”

Then the scarlet sword flew straight straight towards its target . Just from its appearance, Zhao Hai knew that this sword wasn’t simple . However, he wasn’t afraid of it . He waved his hand as he sent his blood ghost staff to meet the sword .





The person couldn’t help but show a smile on his face . In his mind, Zhao Hai was simply courting death . How could something made in the Ark Continent contend with the treasures that he has . In his opinion, although Zhao Hai’s staff was beautiful, it still wouldn’t be able to defend against the flying sword .

However, the immortal cultivator was soon to discover his mistake . When the magic staff and the sword was about to clash, the magic staff suddenly extended a hand and went on to capture the sword, stopping it in its tracks .

The person couldn’t help but be surprised . This was also because he felt that his control had was slowly diminishing . He immediately used is control method as he shouted once more, “Go!”

The sword fiercely vibrated, seemingly wanting to escape from the magic staff’s grasp . But at this moment, another hand appeared in the magic staff, grabbing it once again . With two hands suppressing it, the sword found it impossible to break free .

This shook the man internally, he didn’t think that his scarlet sword would actually be stopped by Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai already broken two of his treasures . At this point, the person didn’t dare identify Zhao Hai as an ordinary foundation establishment cultivator anymore .

The man’s expression was heavy, then he muttered a few words while his hand made some movements . The mountain that was pressing Zhao Hai was collected back into the mountain river fan . Then the person waved his hand, placing his fan into his ring while also withdrawing a black flag .

The black flag was quite large, and on its surface were drawings of horrific ghosts . The flag emanated a very gloomy aura .

The person waved the flag as numerous Evil Ghosts departed from it . At the same time, the sunny sky was suddenly drowned out by dark clouds . As Zhao Hai looked at the black sky, the evil ghosts started to scream and rush towards him .





The person waved the flag as numerous Evil Ghosts departed from it . At the same time, the sunny sky was suddenly drowned out by dark clouds . As Zhao Hai looked at the black sky, the evil ghosts started to scream and rush towards him .

Zhao Hai quietly looked at these evil ghosts . He was thinking about methods to deal with these ghosts, but he didn’t expect them to rush in an instant . It didn’t take too long before ghosts started biting Zhao Hai’s domain . Then Zhao Hai suddenly felt that his mind was going unstable . This gave Zhao Hai a surprised, he immediately released some undead to see whether they were able to deal with these ghosts .

The undead appeared outside the Domain and immediately threw themselves towards the evil ghosts . These ghosts were not physical beings, so they shouldn’t be afraid of the undead . However, the undead suddenly opened their mouths and sucked in . The ghosts started to scream as they got swallowed by the undead . The undead seemed to benefit from this ordeal as the fire in their eyes started to get brighter . Then they went on to swallow another ghost .

When the man saw that the undead were eating the ghosts of this ten thousand ghost flag, he immediately became anxious . He knew that the ten thousand ghost flag wasn’t easy to refine since it used the souls of countless people . In long term battles, these evil ghosts would worsen wounds and even corrode magic weapons . They were very powerful . But the man didn’t expect that Zhao Hai’s undead would actually be able to eat them up .

The evil ghosts were beings of yin, the undead were also beings of yin . However, the undead were much stronger compared to the ghosts . The yin qi present in the ghosts simply couldn’t contend to those inside the undead . In the end, the ghosts can only become food for the undead .

Seeing that his ten thousand ghost flag was being eaten up, the man couldn’t help but flare out in anger . He immediately took his flag away as his two eyes gave a blazing gaze towards Zhao hai, “Good, good . I have greatly underestimated you, boy . I didn’t think that you would have real skill . It seems like a needed to use this . ” Then he waved his hand, making a tiny pagoda appear . This tiny pagoda was black all over . Ghost images were ever present in its 9 storeys . Each level of the pagoda had eight sharp horns in it . In each horn were wind chimes, which were made out of skulls .

The person gently shook the pagoda, making the wind chimes give out a light sound . This sound was not clear, but one could still hear something akin to a wailing ghost . It had a direct impact on the mind of a person .

Zhao Hai was still inside his Domain, so he didn’t think that he would still be affected by this spiritual attack . He was pressed to defend as the attack slowly crawled into his mind . Zhao Hai couldn’t bear the pain on his head, he held his head with his hands as he gave a loud grunt .





Zhao Hai was still inside his Domain, so he didn’t think that he would still be affected by this spiritual attack . He was pressed to defend as the attack slowly crawled into his mind . Zhao Hai couldn’t bear the pain on his head, he held his head with his hands as he gave a loud grunt .

Since Zhao Hai was affected by a spiritual attack, then it was natural for his Domain to be broken due to lack of control . The man had a wicked expression as he waved his hand and let go of the pagoda . The pagoda grew into a tower that was more than a hundred meters high as it covered Zhao hai .

Zhao Hai was currently recovering from the spiritual attack, so it was impossible for him to deal with this move . Seeing that Zhao Hai had been swallowed up by the pagoda, the man couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Boy, you have now been absorbed into this Deity’s Soul Eating Pagoda . You should be proud, I will make you into the Pagoda’s main soul!”

When Zhao Hai was taken into the soul eating pagoda, the tower immediately underwent a change . It rotated fast as a huge mouth appeared on its bottom and bit towards Zhao Hai . Since Zhao Hai was still resisting the spiritual attack, he didn’t have the capacity to evade it . His mind was still blank, it was impossible for him to evade the mouth of the pagoda .

But at this critical moment, a spatial rift suddenly appeared, taking Zhao Hai out of the pagoda and into the Space .

Upon entering the Space, Zhao Hai immediately felt more energetic, easing some the pain that he felt . Zhao Hai stared for a moment, and then knew that this was Cai’er’s doing . At this time, Laura and the others ran over, they looked at Zhao Hai as Laura asked, “Brother Hai, are you alright? What just happened?”

Seeing the worry on their faces, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly and said, “I’m fine . But its fortunate that Caier’ managed to pull me over . Otherwise, I would really be placed in a dangerous position . It seems like I had been negligent . Right, let me go and rest for a while . ”

Laura and the others nodded, and then stopped themselves from disturbing Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai proceeded to sit cross-legged, he endured the pain on his head as he controlled his divine sense towards his body .

He looked at the monster core in his lower dantian first, it was still doing well, it wasn’t affected . Then he went towards the Dao Lotus, it was still good, nothing happened . Then Zhao Hai controlled his divine sense to probe his upper dantian . As soon as his divine sense entered the upper dantian, he immediately merged with the small figure . As soon as his divine sense came into contact with the small person, Zhao Hai immediately felt that his spirit had become better compared to before . His spirit seemed to become stronger as well .



Laura and the others nodded, and then stopped themselves from disturbing Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai proceeded to sit cross-legged, he endured the pain on his head as he controlled his divine sense towards his body .

He looked at the monster core in his lower dantian first, it was still doing well, it wasn’t affected . Then he went towards the Dao Lotus, it was still good, nothing happened . Then Zhao Hai controlled his divine sense to probe his upper dantian . As soon as his divine sense entered the upper dantian, he immediately merged with the small figure . As soon as his divine sense came into contact with the small person, Zhao Hai immediately felt that his spirit had become better compared to before . His spirit seemed to become stronger as well .

Zhao Hai gawked, then he immediately understood . This must be because of the small man . Zhao Hai was in his present predicament because he had failed to make use of this small version of him . Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been affected by the spiritual attack .

Zhao Hai’s own divine power centered on this small man . Then the small man slowly opened his eyes . Zhao Hai immediately felt his body being washed over, he felt very good . Then his divine sense spread outward, covering the Space and mapping all of it inside his mind .

Zhao Hai stared, then he suddenly had the urge to see if he could make this small man move his body . He couldn’t help but think about moving its hand and feet .

Surprisingly, Zhao Hai discovered that his own body had actually stood up . It moved its hands and feet with just a mere thought . This feeling was very bizarre . Zhao Hai felt that he was controlling his own body while also being detached from it . He seemed like a puppet master, with his own body as the puppet .

Although the control was very fluid and Zhao Hai felt good about it . He still couldn’t help but feel strange with all that just happened .

At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly felt that the uncomfortable feeling had slowly disappeared . The feeling of controlling a puppet also slowly vanished, he was now starting to feel like he was moving his own body . Zhao Hai became glad at this development . Then Zhao Hai started to feel the small man in his dantian, it was still there, it seems like nothing has changed . Then when Zhao Hai withdrew his divine sense, he discovered that he had recovered to full!

 Chapter 741 Pressed to Defend When Zhao Hai heard the person shout, he turned to look at his and sneered, If you want to kill me, then you naturally need to pay a price . Since Bubble had absorbed the river, the pressure on Zhao Hai had lessened . The only thing that he needed to deal with right now was the huge mountain . Zhao Hai discovered that the Mountain River Fan s mountain was inferior in attacking strength compared to the river . Although the mountain looked very formidable and had the ability to give strong pressure, that was its only attack . On the other hand, due to the dark energy inside the river, its attacks got more powerful as the waves continued to clash towards Zhao Hai s domain . And Zhao Hai didn t guess wrong . The mountain and river were both part of the Mountain River Fan . However, the river was the more powerful one of the two . The water from the river was refined in the River of Nothingness . The water in that river was a treasure in their world, its power was enormous, which aided the attacking power of the river . On the other hand, the mountain was just an ordinary mountain . It was just used in order to fulfil the requirements in making the mountain river fan . Because of this, it was impossible for the mountain to be on par with the river . The person s face was pale as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, Good, good . It seems like I had underestimated you . Still, you will have to die today . Then he waved his hand as a sword came out of his ring . The sword was three feet long and three inches wide . It was blood red and had quite a long hilt . The sword floated in the sky before the person pointed his finger to Zhao Hai and said, Go Then the scarlet sword flew straight straight towards its target . Just from its appearance, Zhao Hai knew that this sword wasn t simple . However, he wasn t afraid of it . He waved his hand as he sent his blood ghost staff to meet the sword . The person couldn t help but show a smile on his face . In his mind, Zhao Hai was simply courting death . How could something made in the Ark Continent contend with the treasures that he has . In his opinion, although Zhao Hai s staff was beautiful, it still wouldn t be able to defend against the flying sword . However, the immortal cultivator was soon to discover his mistake . When the magic staff and the sword was about to clash, the magic staff suddenly extended a hand and went on to capture the sword, stopping it in its tracks . The person couldn t help but be surprised . This was also because he felt that his control had was slowly diminishing . He immediately used is control method as he shouted once more, Go The sword fiercely vibrated, seemingly wanting to escape from the magic staff s grasp . But at this moment, another hand appeared in the magic staff, grabbing it once again . With two hands suppressing it, the sword found it impossible to break free . This shook the man internally, he didn t think that his scarlet sword would actually be stopped by Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai already broken two of his treasures . At this point, the person didn t dare identify Zhao Hai as an ordinary foundation establishment cultivator anymore . The man s expression was heavy, then he muttered a few words while his hand made some movements . The mountain that was pressing Zhao Hai was collected back into the mountain river fan . Then the person waved his hand, placing his fan into his ring while also withdrawing a black flag . The black flag was quite large, and on its surface were drawings of horrific ghosts . The flag emanated a very gloomy aura . The person waved the flag as numerous Evil Ghosts departed from it . At the same time, the sunny sky was suddenly drowned out by dark clouds . As Zhao Hai looked at the black sky, the evil ghosts started to scream and rush towards him . Zhao Hai quietly looked at these evil ghosts . He was thinking about methods to deal with these ghosts, but he didn t expect them to rush in an instant . It didn t take too long before ghosts started biting Zhao Hai s domain . Then Zhao Hai suddenly felt that his mind was going unstable . This gave Zhao Hai a surprised, he immediately released some undead to see whether they were able to deal with these ghosts . The undead appeared outside the Domain and immediately threw themselves towards the evil ghosts . These ghosts were not physical beings, so they shouldn t be afraid of the undead . However, the undead suddenly opened their mouths and sucked in . The ghosts started to scream as they got swallowed by the undead . The undead seemed to benefit from this ordeal as the fire in their eyes started to get brighter . Then they went on to swallow another ghost . When the man saw that the undead were eating the ghosts of this ten thousand ghost flag, he immediately became anxious . He knew that the ten thousand ghost flag wasn t easy to refine since it used the souls of countless people . In long term battles, these evil ghosts would worsen wounds and even corrode magic weapons . They were very powerful . But the man didn t expect that Zhao Hai s undead would actually be able to eat them up . The evil ghosts were beings of yin, the undead were also beings of yin . However, the undead were much stronger compared to the ghosts . The yin qi present in the ghosts simply couldn t contend to those inside the undead . In the end, the ghosts can only become food for the undead . Seeing that his ten thousand ghost flag was being eaten up, the man couldn t help but flare out in anger . He immediately took his flag away as his two eyes gave a blazing gaze towards Zhao hai, Good, good . I have greatly underestimated you, boy . I didn t think that you would have real skill . It seems like a needed to use this . Then he waved his hand, making a tiny pagoda appear . This tiny pagoda was black all over . Ghost images were ever present in its 9 storeys . Each level of the pagoda had eight sharp horns in it . In each horn were wind chimes, which were made out of skulls . The person gently shook the pagoda, making the wind chimes give out a light sound . This sound was not clear, but one could still hear something akin to a wailing ghost . It had a direct impact on the mind of a person . Zhao Hai was still inside his Domain, so he didn t think that he would still be affected by this spiritual attack . He was pressed to defend as the attack slowly crawled into his mind . Zhao Hai couldn t bear the pain on his head, he held his head with his hands as he gave a loud grunt . Since Zhao Hai was affected by a spiritual attack, then it was natural for his Domain to be broken due to lack of control . The man had a wicked expression as he waved his hand and let go of the pagoda . The pagoda grew into a tower that was more than a hundred meters high as it covered Zhao hai . Zhao Hai was currently recovering from the spiritual attack, so it was impossible for him to deal with this move . Seeing that Zhao Hai had been swallowed up by the pagoda, the man couldn t help but laugh and said, Boy, you have now been absorbed into this Deity s Soul Eating Pagoda . You should be proud, I will make you into the Pagoda s main soul When Zhao Hai was taken into the soul eating pagoda, the tower immediately underwent a change . It rotated fast as a huge mouth appeared on its bottom and bit towards Zhao Hai . Since Zhao Hai was still resisting the spiritual attack, he didn t have the capacity to evade it . His mind was still blank, it was impossible for him to evade the mouth of the pagoda . But at this critical moment, a spatial rift suddenly appeared, taking Zhao Hai out of the pagoda and into the Space . Upon entering the Space, Zhao Hai immediately felt more energetic, easing some the pain that he felt . Zhao Hai stared for a moment, and then knew that this was Cai er s doing . At this time, Laura and the others ran over, they looked at Zhao Hai as Laura asked, Brother Hai, are you alright What just happened Seeing the worry on their faces, Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile faintly and said, I m fine . But its fortunate that Caier managed to pull me over . Otherwise, I would really be placed in a dangerous position . It seems like I had been negligent . Right, let me go and rest for a while . Laura and the others nodded, and then stopped themselves from disturbing Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai proceeded to sit cross legged, he endured the pain on his head as he controlled his divine sense towards his body . He looked at the monster core in his lower dantian first, it was still doing well, it wasn t affected . Then he went towards the Dao Lotus, it was still good, nothing happened . Then Zhao Hai controlled his divine sense to probe his upper dantian . As soon as his divine sense entered the upper dantian, he immediately merged with the small figure . As soon as his divine sense came into contact with the small person, Zhao Hai immediately felt that his spirit had become better compared to before . His spirit seemed to become stronger as well . Zhao Hai gawked, then he immediately understood . This must be because of the small man . Zhao Hai was in his present predicament because he had failed to make use of this small version of him . Otherwise, he wouldn t have been affected by the spiritual attack . Zhao Hai s own divine power centered on this small man . Then the small man slowly opened his eyes . Zhao Hai immediately felt his body being washed over, he felt very good . Then his divine sense spread outward, covering the Space and mapping all of it inside his mind . Zhao Hai stared, then he suddenly had the urge to see if he could make this small man move his body . He couldn t help but think about moving its hand and feet . Surprisingly, Zhao Hai discovered that his own body had actually stood up . It moved its hands and feet with just a mere thought . This feeling was very bizarre . Zhao Hai felt that he was controlling his own body while also being detached from it . He seemed like a puppet master, with his own body as the puppet . Although the control was very fluid and Zhao Hai felt good about it . He still couldn t help but feel strange with all that just happened . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly felt that the uncomfortable feeling had slowly disappeared . The feeling of controlling a puppet also slowly vanished, he was now starting to feel like he was moving his own body . Zhao Hai became glad at this development . Then Zhao Hai started to feel the small man in his dantian, it was still there, it seems like nothing has changed . Then when Zhao Hai withdrew his divine sense, he discovered that he had recovered to full





* * *





Chapter 742 – Surrender

After a few more experimentations, Zhao Hai came to understand that the small man was where his spiritual force lied . Although this was brought through when he was promoted, he didn’t actively make use of this small man, which was also his spiritual strength . Only when his body and spirit fully combined did his spiritual force gained sufficient strength .

Zhao Hai relaxed, and then he opened his eye . The painful sensation that he had felt before had completely vanished . Moreover, he can also feel unprecedented strength in his own spiritual force . It was time to deal with that immortal cultivator .

When Laura and the others saw that Zhao Hai had opened his eyes, they immediately went towards him . With a caring tone, Laura asked, “Brother Hai, how was it?”

Zhao Hai gave a faint smile and said, “I’m alright . I just became careless and allowed myself to be affected by the enemy’s spiritual attack . But now I’m feeling good, I should be able to deal with him . However, its very strange, the magic treasure that he used this time didn’t have the strength of a projection . This tiny pagoda actually had form, it was too bizarre . ”

Laura and the others didn’t quite understand what Zhao Hai was saying . However, they can tell that the immortal cultivator was anything but simple just by looking at his powerful attacks . Additionally, although he was a person summoned by the Divine Race, the Divine Race were the ones who were subservient towards him . This was enough to explain how strong he was .

Because of this, Laura and the others were very worried as they watched Zhao Hai’s battle . Laura said, “Brother Hai, you should just stay inside the Space . Just as you said, that person wouldn’t be able to stay here for too long . Just wait for him to disappear, then we’ll go and deal with the Divine Race . ”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “That won’t be ideal . I must deal with this person . I have settled on his tiny pagoda . I have an inkling that the pagoda would be helpful in upgrading the undead . Rest assured, I will be fine . I’m quite confident . ” Then Zhao Hai’s figure disappeared and then appeared inside the pagoda once more .





The man was startled when he found out that Zhao Hai vanished from the pagoda . This tiny pagoda was a treasure that he still hasn’t refined . However, its attack was very strong, it can be seen in how Zhao Hai was affected in its spiritual attack .

As long as one gets covered by the pagoda, the pagoda will slowly refine the victim’s flesh and blood until it extracts a person’s soul and use it to power itself . The more souls gathered, the more powerful the pagoda would become . But the thing that the pagoda lacks the most right now was a main soul .

This tiny pagoda needed a soul in order to run by itself . As long as a main soul was provided, the pagoda’s power would be further improved . A main soul would also make it more convenient to use the pagoda in the future .

The man still hadn’t found an appropriate soul to act as the pagoda’s main spirit . But this time, he had settled on Zhao Hai . Although Zhao Hai wasn’t strong, the strength of his soul was quite formidable . It would be fitting to have him as the pagoda’s main soul .

However, just as Zhao Hai was about to be refined, he suddenly disappeared . The person moved his hand, making the pagoda return . Then with his divine sense, he scanned the insides of the tiny pagoda . When he confirmed that Zhao Hai did indeed vanish, his mind couldn’t help but feel muddled .

One must know that this pagoda was one of the man’s most important treasures . He came to the Ark Continent relying on the might of this treasure . Although the soul eating pagoda can swallow souls, it can also protect the soul of its user . His soul possessed the tiny pagoda and then came to the Ark Continent . The other treasures that he used were all projections, only this tiny pagoda was the real one among them .

Just as the man was puzzled, Zhao Hai suddenly appeared back inside the pagoda . The man stared for a moment before he immediately controlled the pagoda to refine Zhao Hai .

However, he didn’t think that just as Zhao Hai appeared inside the pagoda, he immediately used his crystallization ability in order to deal with physical attacks . Then, his mind delved deep inside his upper dantian and immediately used the small man to launch a spiritual attack!

When Zhao Hai’s divine sense sunk into the small man, the small man immediately opened his eyes . His silvery hair fluttered around as it extended outwards .





When Zhao Hai’s divine sense sunk into the small man, the small man immediately opened his eyes . His silvery hair fluttered around as it extended outwards .

The silvery hair became the same property as Berry’s hair . It had turned into numerous filaments as it attached to various parts of the pagoda, then it proceeded its attack .

When the man who controlled the pagoda started to feel that his control was slipping, he couldn’t help but gape in surprise . Then his expression changed, as he made seals using his hands and started to fight for control over the tiny pagoda .

He was very clear, his divine sense was attached to the tiny pagoda, if the tiny pagoda were to be broken through, then his divine sense would vanish, which in turn would cause his projection to disappear .

To be honest, his projection disappearing was nothing to him . He was more concerned about not losing the soul eating pagoda . Once he loses this treasure, then his losses would definitely be huge .

Although he was using his seals, the tiny pagoda was still not in his full control . This made the man anxious, his entire figure disappeared as he entered the pagoda himself .

Zhao Hai was currently attacking the tiny pagoda . He felt that the pagoda was being controlled by a very powerful spiritual force . And now, he was contending for the pagoda’s control with the other party .

Zhao Hai had studied Berry’s attack methods . One must say that the Succubus clan’s achievements when it came to spiritual attacks were extremely great . Spiritual attacks had been honed to almost perfection by them . Because of this, Zhao Hai felt that even if the enemy was strong, it was still possible to take control of this pagoda .

At this time, Zhao Hai felt a formidable spiritual force pouring into the pagoda . The spiritual force was very familiar, it was just like the man in the projection .





At this time, Zhao Hai felt a formidable spiritual force pouring into the pagoda . The spiritual force was very familiar, it was just like the man in the projection .

Zhao Hai was already on guard against him . So when the man entered the pagoda, Zhao Hai immediately took notice . But Zhao Hai didn’t become anxious, he just continued to use his own spiritual force to fight that person for control .

Zhao Hai discovered that his own spiritual force wasn’t any worse than the other party . But since this was the first time that he used his spiritual force, he wasn’t able to use it in its peak form . For now, Zhao Hai can only fight a back and forth battle with this person .

As Zhao Hai became more comfortable in using his spiritual force, he slowly began to take the upper hand in the battle . Although the person was still resisting, Zhao Hai knew that it was only a matter of time before victory comes into his grasp . At this point, Zhao Hai was being very careful with this man . He was afraid that he would do the same thing as the Demons, self destruct .

And Zhao Hai wasn’t wrong . When the man discovered that he wouldn’t be able to resist Zhao Hai, he became even more worried since he had already used all of his methods in order to secure victory . Because of this, the man couldn’t help but think of his last ditch method and prepared to detonate his divine sense . He wanted to heavily injure Zhao Hai as well as leave a mark on his body . As long as Zhao Hai ascends to the higher realm, the man would immediately be able to sense him . When that time comes, he would go and deal with Zhao Hai .

He was currently a projection, and the strength that his divine sense could display was only a tenth of his true power . This was the reason why he can’t gain victory in his battle with Zhao Hai . If he can exhibit 100 percent of his strength, then Zhao Hai’s only choice would be to hide inside the Space . It would be impossible for Zhao Hai to go head to head with the man .

When the man was about to launch his attack, Zhao Hai suddenly went all out . He poured a huge amount of spiritual force into the pagoda and before the man could respond, Zhao Hai immediately opened a rift and took the pagoda into the Space .

Zhao Hai already wanted to take the pagoda to the Space long time ago . However, it was impossible to snatch the pagoda without having a great lead in controlling it . When his control reached an ample level, only then would Zhao Hai be able to take the pagoda over to the Space .

When he entered the Space, Zhao Hai immediately came out of the pagoda . It didn’t take too long before the Space issued a prompt . “Hostile program detected by the Space . Fixing the program, program fixed . ”

“Discovered massive amounts of dark element energy inside the weapon . Weapon can be upgraded by the host using the Processing Machine . The upgrade would require ten thousand year ice, three days, and 100 thousand gold coins . Host can also add a program to your new weapon . Tip: It is best to fuse this program to the recently fixed program that is already installed in the weapon . This will make sure that the upgrade would go well . ”



When he entered the Space, Zhao Hai immediately came out of the pagoda . It didn’t take too long before the Space issued a prompt . “Hostile program detected by the Space . Fixing the program, program fixed . ”

“Discovered massive amounts of dark element energy inside the weapon . Weapon can be upgraded by the host using the Processing Machine . The upgrade would require ten thousand year ice, three days, and 100 thousand gold coins . Host can also add a program to your new weapon . Tip: It is best to fuse this program to the recently fixed program that is already installed in the weapon . This will make sure that the upgrade would go well . ”

Zhao Hai gawked, then a wave of happiness suddenly washed over him . He didn’t expect the pagoda to be upgraded . Moreover, the tiny pagoda did indeed have some uses for him . And most importantly, the Space had subdued the man’s divine sense . In the future, Zhao Hai can ask this divine sense about where he came from, among other information .

Zhao Hai immediately brought the tiny pagoda over to the Processing Machine . Then he turned his head to Bubble and said, “Bubble, take out some ten thousand-year old ice . ”

Bubble quickly complied, his body spun as he released massive amounts of ten thousand-year ice . Then Zhao Hai pressed the start button on the Processing Machine in order to begin the tiny pagoda’s upgrade .

A white light beamed out of the processing machine as it covered the tiny pagoda as well as the ten thousand year old ice . Bubble released ten cubic meters of ice this time, which was more than enough for the Processing Machine to use . After absorbing five cubic meters, the tiny pagoda vanished .

Zhao Hai turned to look as the timer of the Processing Machine started to beat . Then he relaxed as he exited the Space . He was still in a war against the Divine Race, it wouldn’t be great if he were to disappear for too long .

When Zhao Hai vanished along with the man, Cloud Ying couldn’t help but be shocked . He didn’t’ think that Zhao Hai would be this hard to deal with . With Zhao Hai and the Deity vanishing, Cloud Ying didn’t know whether Zhao Hai had been dealt with or whether the Deity failed .

Cloud Ying was confident with the Deity, however, after seeing Zhao Hai’s performance, his confidence couldn’t help but suffer a blow . He had been made aware of how scary Zhao Hai would be . He was hoping that the Deity had eliminated Zhao Hai . Otherwise, Zhao Hai would become a huge threat to the Divine Race’s advance .

 Chapter 742 Surrender After a few more experimentations, Zhao Hai came to understand that the small man was where his spiritual force lied . Although this was brought through when he was promoted, he didn t actively make use of this small man, which was also his spiritual strength . Only when his body and spirit fully combined did his spiritual force gained sufficient strength . Zhao Hai relaxed, and then he opened his eye . The painful sensation that he had felt before had completely vanished . Moreover, he can also feel unprecedented strength in his own spiritual force . It was time to deal with that immortal cultivator . When Laura and the others saw that Zhao Hai had opened his eyes, they immediately went towards him . With a caring tone, Laura asked, Brother Hai, how was it Zhao Hai gave a faint smile and said, I m alright . I just became careless and allowed myself to be affected by the enemy s spiritual attack . But now I m feeling good, I should be able to deal with him . However, its very strange, the magic treasure that he used this time didn t have the strength of a projection . This tiny pagoda actually had form, it was too bizarre . Laura and the others didn t quite understand what Zhao Hai was saying . However, they can tell that the immortal cultivator was anything but simple just by looking at his powerful attacks . Additionally, although he was a person summoned by the Divine Race, the Divine Race were the ones who were subservient towards him . This was enough to explain how strong he was . Because of this, Laura and the others were very worried as they watched Zhao Hai s battle . Laura said, Brother Hai, you should just stay inside the Space . Just as you said, that person wouldn t be able to stay here for too long . Just wait for him to disappear, then we ll go and deal with the Divine Race . Zhao Hai shook his head and said, That won t be ideal . I must deal with this person . I have settled on his tiny pagoda . I have an inkling that the pagoda would be helpful in upgrading the undead . Rest assured, I will be fine . I m quite confident . Then Zhao Hai s figure disappeared and then appeared inside the pagoda once more . The man was startled when he found out that Zhao Hai vanished from the pagoda . This tiny pagoda was a treasure that he still hasn t refined . However, its attack was very strong, it can be seen in how Zhao Hai was affected in its spiritual attack . As long as one gets covered by the pagoda, the pagoda will slowly refine the victim s flesh and blood until it extracts a person s soul and use it to power itself . The more souls gathered, the more powerful the pagoda would become . But the thing that the pagoda lacks the most right now was a main soul . This tiny pagoda needed a soul in order to run by itself . As long as a main soul was provided, the pagoda s power would be further improved . A main soul would also make it more convenient to use the pagoda in the future . The man still hadn t found an appropriate soul to act as the pagoda s main spirit . But this time, he had settled on Zhao Hai . Although Zhao Hai wasn t strong, the strength of his soul was quite formidable . It would be fitting to have him as the pagoda s main soul . However, just as Zhao Hai was about to be refined, he suddenly disappeared . The person moved his hand, making the pagoda return . Then with his divine sense, he scanned the insides of the tiny pagoda . When he confirmed that Zhao Hai did indeed vanish, his mind couldn t help but feel muddled . One must know that this pagoda was one of the man s most important treasures . He came to the Ark Continent relying on the might of this treasure . Although the soul eating pagoda can swallow souls, it can also protect the soul of its user . His soul possessed the tiny pagoda and then came to the Ark Continent . The other treasures that he used were all projections, only this tiny pagoda was the real one among them . Just as the man was puzzled, Zhao Hai suddenly appeared back inside the pagoda . The man stared for a moment before he immediately controlled the pagoda to refine Zhao Hai . However, he didn t think that just as Zhao Hai appeared inside the pagoda, he immediately used his crystallization ability in order to deal with physical attacks . Then, his mind delved deep inside his upper dantian and immediately used the small man to launch a spiritual attack When Zhao Hai s divine sense sunk into the small man, the small man immediately opened his eyes . His silvery hair fluttered around as it extended outwards . The silvery hair became the same property as Berry s hair . It had turned into numerous filaments as it attached to various parts of the pagoda, then it proceeded its attack . When the man who controlled the pagoda started to feel that his control was slipping, he couldn t help but gape in surprise . Then his expression changed, as he made seals using his hands and started to fight for control over the tiny pagoda . He was very clear, his divine sense was attached to the tiny pagoda, if the tiny pagoda were to be broken through, then his divine sense would vanish, which in turn would cause his projection to disappear . To be honest, his projection disappearing was nothing to him . He was more concerned about not losing the soul eating pagoda . Once he loses this treasure, then his losses would definitely be huge . Although he was using his seals, the tiny pagoda was still not in his full control . This made the man anxious, his entire figure disappeared as he entered the pagoda himself . Zhao Hai was currently attacking the tiny pagoda . He felt that the pagoda was being controlled by a very powerful spiritual force . And now, he was contending for the pagoda s control with the other party . Zhao Hai had studied Berry s attack methods . One must say that the Succubus clan s achievements when it came to spiritual attacks were extremely great . Spiritual attacks had been honed to almost perfection by them . Because of this, Zhao Hai felt that even if the enemy was strong, it was still possible to take control of this pagoda . At this time, Zhao Hai felt a formidable spiritual force pouring into the pagoda . The spiritual force was very familiar, it was just like the man in the projection . Zhao Hai was already on guard against him . So when the man entered the pagoda, Zhao Hai immediately took notice . But Zhao Hai didn t become anxious, he just continued to use his own spiritual force to fight that person for control . Zhao Hai discovered that his own spiritual force wasn t any worse than the other party . But since this was the first time that he used his spiritual force, he wasn t able to use it in its peak form . For now, Zhao Hai can only fight a back and forth battle with this person . As Zhao Hai became more comfortable in using his spiritual force, he slowly began to take the upper hand in the battle . Although the person was still resisting, Zhao Hai knew that it was only a matter of time before victory comes into his grasp . At this point, Zhao Hai was being very careful with this man . He was afraid that he would do the same thing as the Demons, self destruct . And Zhao Hai wasn t wrong . When the man discovered that he wouldn t be able to resist Zhao Hai, he became even more worried since he had already used all of his methods in order to secure victory . Because of this, the man couldn t help but think of his last ditch method and prepared to detonate his divine sense . He wanted to heavily injure Zhao Hai as well as leave a mark on his body . As long as Zhao Hai ascends to the higher realm, the man would immediately be able to sense him . When that time comes, he would go and deal with Zhao Hai . He was currently a projection, and the strength that his divine sense could display was only a tenth of his true power . This was the reason why he can t gain victory in his battle with Zhao Hai . If he can exhibit 100 percent of his strength, then Zhao Hai s only choice would be to hide inside the Space . It would be impossible for Zhao Hai to go head to head with the man . When the man was about to launch his attack, Zhao Hai suddenly went all out . He poured a huge amount of spiritual force into the pagoda and before the man could respond, Zhao Hai immediately opened a rift and took the pagoda into the Space . Zhao Hai already wanted to take the pagoda to the Space long time ago . However, it was impossible to snatch the pagoda without having a great lead in controlling it . When his control reached an ample level, only then would Zhao Hai be able to take the pagoda over to the Space . When he entered the Space, Zhao Hai immediately came out of the pagoda . It didn t take too long before the Space issued a prompt . Hostile program detected by the Space . Fixing the program, program fixed . Discovered massive amounts of dark element energy inside the weapon . Weapon can be upgraded by the host using the Processing Machine . The upgrade would require ten thousand year ice, three days, and 100 thousand gold coins . Host can also add a program to your new weapon . Tip It is best to fuse this program to the recently fixed program that is already installed in the weapon . This will make sure that the upgrade would go well . Zhao Hai gawked, then a wave of happiness suddenly washed over him . He didn t expect the pagoda to be upgraded . Moreover, the tiny pagoda did indeed have some uses for him . And most importantly, the Space had subdued the man s divine sense . In the future, Zhao Hai can ask this divine sense about where he came from, among other information . Zhao Hai immediately brought the tiny pagoda over to the Processing Machine . Then he turned his head to Bubble and said, Bubble, take out some ten thousand year old ice . Bubble quickly complied, his body spun as he released massive amounts of ten thousand year ice . Then Zhao Hai pressed the start button on the Processing Machine in order to begin the tiny pagoda s upgrade . A white light beamed out of the processing machine as it covered the tiny pagoda as well as the ten thousand year old ice . Bubble released ten cubic meters of ice this time, which was more than enough for the Processing Machine to use . After absorbing five cubic meters, the tiny pagoda vanished . Zhao Hai turned to look as the timer of the Processing Machine started to beat . Then he relaxed as he exited the Space . He was still in a war against the Divine Race, it wouldn t be great if he were to disappear for too long . When Zhao Hai vanished along with the man, Cloud Ying couldn t help but be shocked . He didn t think that Zhao Hai would be this hard to deal with . With Zhao Hai and the Deity vanishing, Cloud Ying didn t know whether Zhao Hai had been dealt with or whether the Deity failed . Cloud Ying was confident with the Deity, however, after seeing Zhao Hai s performance, his confidence couldn t help but suffer a blow . He had been made aware of how scary Zhao Hai would be . He was hoping that the Deity had eliminated Zhao Hai . Otherwise, Zhao Hai would become a huge threat to the Divine Race s advance .





* * *





Chapter 743 – Magic Beast Upgrade

When Cloud Ying saw Zhao Hai disappear together with the Deity, he immediately launched an attack . He commanded the light cavalry to go and overrun the city . No change happened in the city since Zhao Hai’s disappearance and Lizzy and Megan were still inside . They knew that Zhao Hai was fine because of Cai’er, so they were relieved in fighting against the Divine Race .

As the horned pegasus cavalry slowly approached the city walls, Lizzy gave an order to begin firing the magic cannons . These horned pegasus cavalry knew about how formidable these magic cannons were from Silver Shuke . Therefore, they immediately made some evasive maneuvers .

However, the crystals that Zhao Hai used this time were of the fire element . Even if the opposing party avoided it, the explosion would still affect them . This explosion was quite lethal towards the light cavalry .

As the city wall continued their salvo, a distant explosion was suddenly heard . Lizzy and Megan turned to the direction of the sound and discovered that it was where the Elven aerial cavalry was . It seems like the Elves had used their blood lightning beads .

Cloud Ying and the others also heard the explosion . He had information from Silver Shuke that Zhao Hai was able to use blood lightning beads non-stop . It was clear that the explosion came from the beads . Cloud Ying’s expression couldn’t help but sink, it was possible that the routed light cavalry unit had met an unfortunate fate .

Although he was aware that Zhao Hai was able to use an unlimited amount of blood lightning beads, he didn’t care much of it . He knew that even if these beads were strong, it also had a restriction, only its master was able use it, no other . Because of this, he became assured and didn’t bother to think that the Elves might have blood lightning beads . But now it seems like his thoughts were wrong . Zhao hai can actually hand the blood lightning beads over to other people . This was beyond his imagination, the horned pegasus cavalry has been placed in a dangerous position .





At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly appeared in the sky above the city . Upon seeing Zhao Hai, Cloud Ying’s pupils couldn’t help but shrink . Zhao Hai was present while the Deity was not, what did this mean? Has the Deity been eliminated by Zhao Hai? Was this possible?

Zhao Hai looked at Cloud Ying, but he didn’t bother to spare a word . He immediately released a large amount of undead to join the fight . Among these undead were God-ranks, while others had magic cannons in their bodies . Once these undead join, the horned pegasus cavalry would surely suffer .

At this moment, Cloud Ying waved his hand towards the people behind him . After that, the Divine Race who wore mage robes immediately muttered their incantations . Before long, these mages help their staffs up as it flashed a white light . When the light vanished, large quantities of magic beasts appeared .

These magic beasts were all white, and each of their figures looked fierce . Most importantly, these magic beasts were floating the air, signifying that they are 9th ranks and some were even possibly God-rank . Moreover, their numbers weren’t small . Each God-rank expert had summoned at least 10 thousand beasts . There were even some of them that managed to summon more than a million .

When the magic beasts came out, they immediately threw themselves towards the city, planning to overrun the Beastmen cavalry in the process .

Zhao Hai saw that the enemy Mages were indeed summoners . After the magic beasts appeared, he immediately waved his hand, releasing undead in order to meet the magic beasts . Some of them went down to support the Beastmen, while some went to the skies and fought .

The battle had officially started . The light cavalry was now putting their spears away and went on to grab their bows and arrows before sending a wave of arrows towards the city’s magic formation . The arrows were very powerful, although the protective shield managed to block them, ripples were constantly produced all over its surface, it was possible for the formation to shatter at any time .





The battle had officially started . The light cavalry was now putting their spears away and went on to grab their bows and arrows before sending a wave of arrows towards the city’s magic formation . The arrows were very powerful, although the protective shield managed to block them, ripples were constantly produced all over its surface, it was possible for the formation to shatter at any time .

Zhao Hai didn’t worry about it anymore after releasing the undead . He went on to establish his Domain as he threw himself towards Cloud Ying’s group . Zhao Hai wanted to go and smash the heart of the enemy camp .

It didn’t take too long before Cloud Ying managed to spot Zhao Hai’s approach . To be honest, Cloud Ying was somewhat afraid of Zhao Hai . This was because Zhao Hai managed to defeat their invincible Deity . For Cloud Ying and his people, the significance of this action was very big .

Because of this, Cloud Ying didn’t dare face Zhao Hai head on . He immediately directed the Divine Race infantry to form a wall in front of the Mages, not giving Zhao Hai a chance to approach .

Cloud Ying was also aware of Zhao Hai’s space divergent ability . In order to make sure that Zhao Hai wouldn’t use his ability to deal with him, Cloud Ying also arranged a few infantry units to surround himself .

Zhao Hai really wanted to deal with Cloud Ying by using the Space . But after seeing Cloud Ying’s arrangements, he knew that it became very hard to accomplish it . Zhao Hai decided to stop pursuing Cloud Ying as he diverted his attention to the horned pegasus cavalry . At this time, Berry and Shue came out, and the three of them formed a triangle as they directly killed through the mass of flying cavalry .

With Zhao Hai as the tip, Shue and Berry formed an arrow shape behind Zhao Hai . As Zhao Hai went on to his killing spree, Berry was not there, however, one could see people dying without reason from time to time . Naturally, all those kills counted towards Berry .

There was no need to say about Shue’s fighting strength . The three’s triangle formation acted like a sharp knife as it sliced through the light cavalry formation . Their advance was just like a hot knife through butter . It became quite easy for them to rip open a big rift in the middle of the light cavalry formation .





There was no need to say about Shue’s fighting strength . The three’s triangle formation acted like a sharp knife as it sliced through the light cavalry formation . Their advance was just like a hot knife through butter . It became quite easy for them to rip open a big rift in the middle of the light cavalry formation .

The light cavalry immediately split into groups of a thousand people each . They turned into a square formation as they avoided Zhao Hai’s charge . Then they proceeded to launch attacks towards Zhao Hai .

Naturally, these light cavalry units were very familiar with regards to this way of fighting . Their battle formations were made with good coordination . The light cavalry units that Zhao Hai managed to kill got fewer as the pressure mounting on Zhao Hai’s back got stronger and stronger .

After seeing the change in the light cavalry unit’s formation, Zhao Hai immediately waved his hand, releasing more undead into the field . These undead divided themselves into squads as they proceeded to kill the light cavalry units .

The speed of the horned pegasus was very fast . Although they were fairly huge, they still held flexibility no worse than the blood hawks . No wonder the Divine Race chose them to be their mounts, they were very good .

Most importantly, these horned pegasus also had their own magic, and it was a type of rare lightning spell . The magic wasn’t weak at all . Zhao Hai was very attracted to these mounts . So just as he killed the light cavalry units, he also absorbed a couple of horned pegasus in the Space, intending to raise them in the future .

The magic beasts in the battlefield didn’t only compose of horned pegasus, there were also the magic beasts summoned by the Divine Race . And similarly, Zhao Hai also captured some of them for the Space . The fighting strength of these magic beasts weren’t weak, so Zhao Hai was prepared to raise them . When Zhao Hai captured these magic beasts, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Magic beasts in the Space has been upgraded . Most magic beasts in the Space have reached 8th rank . Common beasts such as argali and blue eyed rabbits are now 8th ranks, there are also other magic beasts that reached 9th rank . ”

This was good news for Zhao Hai . When he heard this information, he immediately released some of the 9th rank magic beast of the Space . This time, he released the most common cattle in the Space . Blue eyed rabbits, argali, and raging bulls were the prominent beasts in the Space . Since the argali and blue eyed rabbits were still eight ranks, they couldn’t be used just yet . On the other hand, the raging bulls had become 9th ranks, so Zhao Hai decided to release them and had them go against the heavy rhinoceros cavalry on the ground .



The magic beasts in the battlefield didn’t only compose of horned pegasus, there were also the magic beasts summoned by the Divine Race . And similarly, Zhao Hai also captured some of them for the Space . The fighting strength of these magic beasts weren’t weak, so Zhao Hai was prepared to raise them . When Zhao Hai captured these magic beasts, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Magic beasts in the Space has been upgraded . Most magic beasts in the Space have reached 8th rank . Common beasts such as argali and blue eyed rabbits are now 8th ranks, there are also other magic beasts that reached 9th rank . ”

This was good news for Zhao Hai . When he heard this information, he immediately released some of the 9th rank magic beast of the Space . This time, he released the most common cattle in the Space . Blue eyed rabbits, argali, and raging bulls were the prominent beasts in the Space . Since the argali and blue eyed rabbits were still eight ranks, they couldn’t be used just yet . On the other hand, the raging bulls had become 9th ranks, so Zhao Hai decided to release them and had them go against the heavy rhinoceros cavalry on the ground .

At this moment, the heavy cavalry were slowly advancing towards the city . Although the Dwarves and the Beastmen were making attacks against them, the heavy cavalry’s defensive capabilities were just too good . Moreover, their mounts were also capable of earth magic . With how strong the cavalry unit was as well as their mounts, there was little that the Dwarves and Beastmen could do in order to stop them .

The impact of the heavy cavalry was very strong . So although they couldn’t fly up the wall, once they go under it and batter the defensive shield of the city, the protective shield would soon run out of energy to rely on . And once the protective formation gets broken, the casualties would then start to pile up . To combat this, Zhao Hai decided to release the raging bulls out into the field .

Although the raging bulls were now 9th rank, their strength still wasn’t that strong . After they reached 9th rank, they only became stronger in two points . First, their strength, and the other was their defense . Upon reaching 9th rank, the raging bulls had became bigger as their defensive capabilities soared up . But unfortunately, unlike the magic beasts in the continent, the raging bulls in the Space didn’t manage to develop their own consciousness . However, Zhao Hai understood why this was the case . Think about it, once a magic beasts gains sentience, they would be able to communicate like a human being . This would be a terrible thing and would make Zhao Hai opt out from eating the magic beasts in the Space .

The quantity of magic beasts that Zhao Hai released was quite big . About a hundred thousand raging bulls suddenly came out of the city’s backside as they went on and clashed with the heavy cavalry unit .

At this point, the horns of the raging bulls had become a meter long each . Their curved horns had become silver in color, each of them looked just like terrifying weapons . It was certain that their attacking strength wouldn’t be weak .

The raging bulls’ iron skins had also become cyan as their defenses got strengthened . Zhao Hai was currently thinking about killing a batch of raging bulls and then having the Dwarves make leather armor out of their skins . This would enhance the defense of the continent’s soldiers, reducing casualties in the process . However, Zhao Hai was not anxious about executing this plan . After all, the raging bulls had just reached 9th rank .

 Chapter 743 Magic Beast Upgrade When Cloud Ying saw Zhao Hai disappear together with the Deity, he immediately launched an attack . He commanded the light cavalry to go and overrun the city . No change happened in the city since Zhao Hai s disappearance and Lizzy and Megan were still inside . They knew that Zhao Hai was fine because of Cai er, so they were relieved in fighting against the Divine Race . As the horned pegasus cavalry slowly approached the city walls, Lizzy gave an order to begin firing the magic cannons . These horned pegasus cavalry knew about how formidable these magic cannons were from Silver Shuke . Therefore, they immediately made some evasive maneuvers . However, the crystals that Zhao Hai used this time were of the fire element . Even if the opposing party avoided it, the explosion would still affect them . This explosion was quite lethal towards the light cavalry . As the city wall continued their salvo, a distant explosion was suddenly heard . Lizzy and Megan turned to the direction of the sound and discovered that it was where the Elven aerial cavalry was . It seems like the Elves had used their blood lightning beads . Cloud Ying and the others also heard the explosion . He had information from Silver Shuke that Zhao Hai was able to use blood lightning beads non stop . It was clear that the explosion came from the beads . Cloud Ying s expression couldn t help but sink, it was possible that the routed light cavalry unit had met an unfortunate fate . Although he was aware that Zhao Hai was able to use an unlimited amount of blood lightning beads, he didn t care much of it . He knew that even if these beads were strong, it also had a restriction, only its master was able use it, no other . Because of this, he became assured and didn t bother to think that the Elves might have blood lightning beads . But now it seems like his thoughts were wrong . Zhao hai can actually hand the blood lightning beads over to other people . This was beyond his imagination, the horned pegasus cavalry has been placed in a dangerous position . At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly appeared in the sky above the city . Upon seeing Zhao Hai, Cloud Ying s pupils couldn t help but shrink . Zhao Hai was present while the Deity was not, what did this mean Has the Deity been eliminated by Zhao Hai Was this possible Zhao Hai looked at Cloud Ying, but he didn t bother to spare a word . He immediately released a large amount of undead to join the fight . Among these undead were God ranks, while others had magic cannons in their bodies . Once these undead join, the horned pegasus cavalry would surely suffer . At this moment, Cloud Ying waved his hand towards the people behind him . After that, the Divine Race who wore mage robes immediately muttered their incantations . Before long, these mages help their staffs up as it flashed a white light . When the light vanished, large quantities of magic beasts appeared . These magic beasts were all white, and each of their figures looked fierce . Most importantly, these magic beasts were floating the air, signifying that they are 9th ranks and some were even possibly God rank . Moreover, their numbers weren t small . Each God rank expert had summoned at least 10 thousand beasts . There were even some of them that managed to summon more than a million . When the magic beasts came out, they immediately threw themselves towards the city, planning to overrun the Beastmen cavalry in the process . Zhao Hai saw that the enemy Mages were indeed summoners . After the magic beasts appeared, he immediately waved his hand, releasing undead in order to meet the magic beasts . Some of them went down to support the Beastmen, while some went to the skies and fought . The battle had officially started . The light cavalry was now putting their spears away and went on to grab their bows and arrows before sending a wave of arrows towards the city s magic formation . The arrows were very powerful, although the protective shield managed to block them, ripples were constantly produced all over its surface, it was possible for the formation to shatter at any time . Zhao Hai didn t worry about it anymore after releasing the undead . He went on to establish his Domain as he threw himself towards Cloud Ying s group . Zhao Hai wanted to go and smash the heart of the enemy camp . It didn t take too long before Cloud Ying managed to spot Zhao Hai s approach . To be honest, Cloud Ying was somewhat afraid of Zhao Hai . This was because Zhao Hai managed to defeat their invincible Deity . For Cloud Ying and his people, the significance of this action was very big . Because of this, Cloud Ying didn t dare face Zhao Hai head on . He immediately directed the Divine Race infantry to form a wall in front of the Mages, not giving Zhao Hai a chance to approach . Cloud Ying was also aware of Zhao Hai s space divergent ability . In order to make sure that Zhao Hai wouldn t use his ability to deal with him, Cloud Ying also arranged a few infantry units to surround himself . Zhao Hai really wanted to deal with Cloud Ying by using the Space . But after seeing Cloud Ying s arrangements, he knew that it became very hard to accomplish it . Zhao Hai decided to stop pursuing Cloud Ying as he diverted his attention to the horned pegasus cavalry . At this time, Berry and Shue came out, and the three of them formed a triangle as they directly killed through the mass of flying cavalry . With Zhao Hai as the tip, Shue and Berry formed an arrow shape behind Zhao Hai . As Zhao Hai went on to his killing spree, Berry was not there, however, one could see people dying without reason from time to time . Naturally, all those kills counted towards Berry . There was no need to say about Shue s fighting strength . The three s triangle formation acted like a sharp knife as it sliced through the light cavalry formation . Their advance was just like a hot knife through butter . It became quite easy for them to rip open a big rift in the middle of the light cavalry formation . The light cavalry immediately split into groups of a thousand people each . They turned into a square formation as they avoided Zhao Hai s charge . Then they proceeded to launch attacks towards Zhao Hai . Naturally, these light cavalry units were very familiar with regards to this way of fighting . Their battle formations were made with good coordination . The light cavalry units that Zhao Hai managed to kill got fewer as the pressure mounting on Zhao Hai s back got stronger and stronger . After seeing the change in the light cavalry unit s formation, Zhao Hai immediately waved his hand, releasing more undead into the field . These undead divided themselves into squads as they proceeded to kill the light cavalry units . The speed of the horned pegasus was very fast . Although they were fairly huge, they still held flexibility no worse than the blood hawks . No wonder the Divine Race chose them to be their mounts, they were very good . Most importantly, these horned pegasus also had their own magic, and it was a type of rare lightning spell . The magic wasn t weak at all . Zhao Hai was very attracted to these mounts . So just as he killed the light cavalry units, he also absorbed a couple of horned pegasus in the Space, intending to raise them in the future . The magic beasts in the battlefield didn t only compose of horned pegasus, there were also the magic beasts summoned by the Divine Race . And similarly, Zhao Hai also captured some of them for the Space . The fighting strength of these magic beasts weren t weak, so Zhao Hai was prepared to raise them . When Zhao Hai captured these magic beasts, the Space immediately issued a prompt, Magic beasts in the Space has been upgraded . Most magic beasts in the Space have reached 8th rank . Common beasts such as argali and blue eyed rabbits are now 8th ranks, there are also other magic beasts that reached 9th rank . This was good news for Zhao Hai . When he heard this information, he immediately released some of the 9th rank magic beast of the Space . This time, he released the most common cattle in the Space . Blue eyed rabbits, argali, and raging bulls were the prominent beasts in the Space . Since the argali and blue eyed rabbits were still eight ranks, they couldn t be used just yet . On the other hand, the raging bulls had become 9th ranks, so Zhao Hai decided to release them and had them go against the heavy rhinoceros cavalry on the ground . At this moment, the heavy cavalry were slowly advancing towards the city . Although the Dwarves and the Beastmen were making attacks against them, the heavy cavalry s defensive capabilities were just too good . Moreover, their mounts were also capable of earth magic . With how strong the cavalry unit was as well as their mounts, there was little that the Dwarves and Beastmen could do in order to stop them . The impact of the heavy cavalry was very strong . So although they couldn t fly up the wall, once they go under it and batter the defensive shield of the city, the protective shield would soon run out of energy to rely on . And once the protective formation gets broken, the casualties would then start to pile up . To combat this, Zhao Hai decided to release the raging bulls out into the field . Although the raging bulls were now 9th rank, their strength still wasn t that strong . After they reached 9th rank, they only became stronger in two points . First, their strength, and the other was their defense . Upon reaching 9th rank, the raging bulls had became bigger as their defensive capabilities soared up . But unfortunately, unlike the magic beasts in the continent, the raging bulls in the Space didn t manage to develop their own consciousness . However, Zhao Hai understood why this was the case . Think about it, once a magic beasts gains sentience, they would be able to communicate like a human being . This would be a terrible thing and would make Zhao Hai opt out from eating the magic beasts in the Space . The quantity of magic beasts that Zhao Hai released was quite big . About a hundred thousand raging bulls suddenly came out of the city s backside as they went on and clashed with the heavy cavalry unit . At this point, the horns of the raging bulls had become a meter long each . Their curved horns had become silver in color, each of them looked just like terrifying weapons . It was certain that their attacking strength wouldn t be weak . The raging bulls iron skins had also become cyan as their defenses got strengthened . Zhao Hai was currently thinking about killing a batch of raging bulls and then having the Dwarves make leather armor out of their skins . This would enhance the defense of the continent s soldiers, reducing casualties in the process . However, Zhao Hai was not anxious about executing this plan . After all, the raging bulls had just reached 9th rank .





* * *





Chapter 744 – Repelled

Zhao Hai was not too satisfied with the raging bulls On the other hand, wasn’t aware about how startled Cloud Ying was .

The Divine Race held a lot of power because of their profession called Summoner . These were the people who wore mage robe behind Cloud Ying . The main attack of these people were their summons . And all of their summons were magic beasts who lived in the Divine Realm .

The magic beasts in the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent were different . The weakest magic beasts in the Divine Realm would be 7th ranks . Beasts that had 8th or 9th rank strengths weren’t rare in the Divine Realm .

However, the Summoners in the Divine Realm aren’t any different from the Summoners in the Ark Continent . The magic beasts that they summon also needed to be captured . After capturing their beasts, only then could they store it inside their own summon space . Their spaces were quite big and can accept a lot of magic beasts . Moreover, the more magic beasts they gain, the more space their space would have .

The status of these Summoners was very high among the Divine Race . This wasn’t only because they were able to summon magic beasts, it was also because they were able to summon the Deity .

The Summoners that came along with Cloud Ying were expert Summoners of the Divine Race . Their beasts were mostly 9th or God rank, their fighting strength was extraordinary .

In Cloud Ying’s mind, once the Summoners take their beasts out, then the Ark Continent would have certainly lost . After all, the Ark Continent didn’t have any God-rank experts . Additionally, they only had 9th rank beasts, of which were very few in number . With such quality, how could the continent be able to contend with the Divine Race?





However, what Cloud Ying and the Divine Race didn’t expect was Zhao Hai’s existence . He single handedly broke their preconceptions about the Ark Continent . The undead that Zhao Hai summoned were even 9th rank . Moreover, the amount of undead that Zhao Hai could summon was enough to make a person’s head hurt .

And now, Zhao Hai released a large amount of 9th rank magic beasts . This action made Cloud Ying speechless . Zhao Hai’s methods were enough to shock people even if he was in the Divine Realm . Cloud Ying couldn’t understand how the Ark Continent could possibly give birth to a monster such as Zhao Hai .

It didn’t take too long before the raging bulls clashed with the heavy cavalry . It was at this moment that the Divine Race’s cavalry fully demonstrated their might . Although the raging bulls were 9th rank, they still weren’t able to resist the hammers of the heavy cavalry .

However, the raging bulls were still 9th rank, they still held great strength . At the same time, there were also a lot of heavy cavalry soldiers that had been knocked down from their mounts, and then proceeded to get mercilessly stamped .

Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t let these losses be a waste . Every single raging bull and Divine Race cavalry that died were all absorbed into the Space . His undead were the continent’s main weapon against the Demons and the Divine Race, it would be good if their numbers were to be constantly supplemented .

This was because in the end, the undead in his hands weren’t truly undying . They could still be destroyed by a powerful attack . From the start of the battle until now, Zhao Hai didn’t stop to absorb every single dead enemy body in the battlefield .

After being faced with the raging bulls, the Divine Race heavy cavalry couldn’t help but stop their charge . At this time, the Beastmen had also met with the magic beasts that the Divine Race Summoners took out . Fortunately they had blood lightning beads in their hands . And in addition to their fast mounts, they were able to run away in order to save themselves from the magic beast attack .

This battle also demonstrated how mighty the Divine Race were . Only those who face the Divine Race understood how terrible it would be to fight against them . These people only faced a subpar heavy cavalry unit of the Divine Race . If they faced stronger Divine Race forces, then they could only be faced with a massacre .

What disappointed the Beastmen this time was the fact that their weapons were unable to be used against the Divine Race . If Zhao Hai hadn’t given them some blood lightning beads, then it might have been very difficult for them to kill any heavy cavalry unit .





What disappointed the Beastmen this time was the fact that their weapons were unable to be used against the Divine Race . If Zhao Hai hadn’t given them some blood lightning beads, then it might have been very difficult for them to kill any heavy cavalry unit .

This did not mean that their weapons were vastly inferior to the Divine Race, this simply meant that they had inferior strength . It can be said that the heavy cavalry only had average strength . Without their charge, then they wouldn’t have had many good points . However, even with their 8th rank strength, the heavy cavalry soldiers also held innate strength, something that even Beastmen were unable to compare with . This aspect allowed the Beastmen understand the Divine Race’s strength .

Seeing with one’s own eyes was truly different from hearing about it . The Beastmen now knew why Zhao Hai paid so much attention into the war with the Divine Race . At the same time, the Beastmen were now more convinced of Zhao Hai . They understood that they needed to pour all of their strength into the war, sparing nothing in order to gain victory .

As the fight continued, Cloud Ying began to discover that taking the city this day would be impossible . Zhao Hai had too many methods in order to deal with their advance . It seems like the war would need to be drawn out for a long time .

At this time, the Elves had returned to the battlefield . However, there were no horned pegasus cavalry going after them, all of them killed, never to come back .

Cloud Ying started to count the losses on his side . He discovered that from the start to the present, they had losses that surpassed ten thousand people . One must know that it had only been a few hours since the fight started . Cloud Ying didn’t expect that they would have this much loss .

In the past, Cloud Ying felt disdain towards Silver Shuke for being unable to take the city and even managed to take heavy casualties . He thought that Silver Shuke was very incompetent in his job . But as it turns out, it was actually because of the multitude of tricks that Zhao Hai had . Most importantly, Zhao Hai even managed to eliminate the Deity’s projection, this was too big of an impact to their morale .

The heavy cavalry has been stopped, as well as the light cavalry . At this point, there was no way for them to proceed . This made Cloud Ying think, they had already lost ten thousand people, it wouldn’t be great if this situation were to go on for much longer .

Cloud Ying looked at the battlefield . The infantry were yet to go forward, but the heavy and light cavalries were already stopped, they even managed to take huge losses . Additionally, the combat capabilities of Zhao Hai’s undead wasn’t any weak and were still quite numerous . Cloud Ying couldn’t help but grit his teeth as he commanded, “Withdraw!”





Cloud Ying looked at the battlefield . The infantry were yet to go forward, but the heavy and light cavalries were already stopped, they even managed to take huge losses . Additionally, the combat capabilities of Zhao Hai’s undead wasn’t any weak and were still quite numerous . Cloud Ying couldn’t help but grit his teeth as he commanded, “Withdraw!”

Just as he said that, a messenger beside him immediately took out a small copper bell and proceeded to knock on it . Although the bronze bell was very small, it was very loud . The entire battlefield were able to hear the loud banging sound of the bell .

The Divine Race knew that this signal meant retreat . Therefore, they didn’t dare to continue on . They made their formations and the proceeded to slowly retreat .

Zhao Hai saw this and didn’t order his troops to pursue . The army the Divine Race had sent out today wasn’t a lot . Zhao Hai was afraid that if they pursue, then they might fall into an ambush . And even if there was no ambush, the Divine Race could just send their other troops to attack the city while Zhao Hai clashed with the retreating troops . After all, Zhao Hai was aware of the number of troops that were present in the Divine Race’s camp .

Zhao Hai just stood there, looking at the Divine Race army as they slowly drew back . However, his mood was actually very heavy . Although they had managed to repel the Divine Race today, the methods that they showed made Zhao Hai feel quite terrible .

This was especially true for their method of summoning that immortal cultivator . This made Zhao Hai very vigilant . The opposite party’s projection almost managed to kill him . If that was his main body, how strong could he be? If the Divine Race decided to summon a lot of immortal cultivators, then the Ark Continent’s troubles would surely be big .

After the Divine Race retreated, Zhao Hai returned to the city’s wall . When Lizzy saw Zhao Hai, she quickly said, “Big Brother Hai, are you alright? Did you get hurt?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m fine, don’t worry . We’ve also managed to get some good harvests this time . Right, a lot of Dwarves and Beastmen managed to get injured this time . Prepare to have them cured as soon as possible . ”

Lizzy nodded, then she immediately gave orders to the people in the army . They also had the city’s defensive formation taken down, allowing the three groups from outside to go in .

Before long, the three army divisions came back . Some of these people were injured, while some died . Zhao Hai didn’t turn those who fell in battle into his undead, that method was only reserved for his enemies, he wouldn’t do the same for his allies . Although this will make him lose a lot of potential undead, he knew that if he did this, the three races would get angry . Even if they didn’t get angry in front of him, it would still bring resentment, possibly making future cooperation very difficult .



Lizzy nodded, then she immediately gave orders to the people in the army . They also had the city’s defensive formation taken down, allowing the three groups from outside to go in .

Before long, the three army divisions came back . Some of these people were injured, while some died . Zhao Hai didn’t turn those who fell in battle into his undead, that method was only reserved for his enemies, he wouldn’t do the same for his allies . Although this will make him lose a lot of potential undead, he knew that if he did this, the three races would get angry . Even if they didn’t get angry in front of him, it would still bring resentment, possibly making future cooperation very difficult .

Since Lizzy already made preparations ahead of time, the injured were immediately given treatment after they arrived . Zhao Hai also had his undead assist in giving aid . At the same time, Zhao Hai also called the various leaders over . They were to meet at the city lord’s mansion’s battle room .

After all of them arrived and had sat down, Zhao Hai immediately said, “The fight with the Divine Race, what do you think?”

The complexion of these people weren’t very good . The Divine Race were more powerful than they imagined . If they didn’t have the blood lightning beads and Zhao Hai, then it would be impossible for them to achieve today’s result .

Seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Can’t speak? Think that they’re too powerful? Haha . They are indeed strong, but as you can see, they were still repelled . Don’t worry, my side has been working hard in order to produce potions that can promote your levels . When that time comes, you won’t be too afraid of fighting with the Divine Race anymore . ”

Baker gave a nod and said, “The Divine Race are surely formidable . However, they aren’t invincible beings . If our strengths improved, then we could surely fight them head to head . ”

The group nodded . They were also aware of the difference between them and the Divine Race . The most gleaming disparity was their strength . The weakest level soldier in the Divine Race army were 8th ranks . However, 8th ranks were already seen as strong people in the Ark Continent’s side . This difference in perception was just too big .

 Chapter 744 Repelled Zhao Hai was not too satisfied with the raging bulls On the other hand, wasn t aware about how startled Cloud Ying was . The Divine Race held a lot of power because of their profession called Summoner . These were the people who wore mage robe behind Cloud Ying . The main attack of these people were their summons . And all of their summons were magic beasts who lived in the Divine Realm . The magic beasts in the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent were different . The weakest magic beasts in the Divine Realm would be 7th ranks . Beasts that had 8th or 9th rank strengths weren t rare in the Divine Realm . However, the Summoners in the Divine Realm aren t any different from the Summoners in the Ark Continent . The magic beasts that they summon also needed to be captured . After capturing their beasts, only then could they store it inside their own summon space . Their spaces were quite big and can accept a lot of magic beasts . Moreover, the more magic beasts they gain, the more space their space would have . The status of these Summoners was very high among the Divine Race . This wasn t only because they were able to summon magic beasts, it was also because they were able to summon the Deity . The Summoners that came along with Cloud Ying were expert Summoners of the Divine Race . Their beasts were mostly 9th or God rank, their fighting strength was extraordinary . In Cloud Ying s mind, once the Summoners take their beasts out, then the Ark Continent would have certainly lost . After all, the Ark Continent didn t have any God rank experts . Additionally, they only had 9th rank beasts, of which were very few in number . With such quality, how could the continent be able to contend with the Divine Race However, what Cloud Ying and the Divine Race didn t expect was Zhao Hai s existence . He single handedly broke their preconceptions about the Ark Continent . The undead that Zhao Hai summoned were even 9th rank . Moreover, the amount of undead that Zhao Hai could summon was enough to make a person s head hurt . And now, Zhao Hai released a large amount of 9th rank magic beasts . This action made Cloud Ying speechless . Zhao Hai s methods were enough to shock people even if he was in the Divine Realm . Cloud Ying couldn t understand how the Ark Continent could possibly give birth to a monster such as Zhao Hai . It didn t take too long before the raging bulls clashed with the heavy cavalry . It was at this moment that the Divine Race s cavalry fully demonstrated their might . Although the raging bulls were 9th rank, they still weren t able to resist the hammers of the heavy cavalry . However, the raging bulls were still 9th rank, they still held great strength . At the same time, there were also a lot of heavy cavalry soldiers that had been knocked down from their mounts, and then proceeded to get mercilessly stamped . Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn t let these losses be a waste . Every single raging bull and Divine Race cavalry that died were all absorbed into the Space . His undead were the continent s main weapon against the Demons and the Divine Race, it would be good if their numbers were to be constantly supplemented . This was because in the end, the undead in his hands weren t truly undying . They could still be destroyed by a powerful attack . From the start of the battle until now, Zhao Hai didn t stop to absorb every single dead enemy body in the battlefield . After being faced with the raging bulls, the Divine Race heavy cavalry couldn t help but stop their charge . At this time, the Beastmen had also met with the magic beasts that the Divine Race Summoners took out . Fortunately they had blood lightning beads in their hands . And in addition to their fast mounts, they were able to run away in order to save themselves from the magic beast attack . This battle also demonstrated how mighty the Divine Race were . Only those who face the Divine Race understood how terrible it would be to fight against them . These people only faced a subpar heavy cavalry unit of the Divine Race . If they faced stronger Divine Race forces, then they could only be faced with a massacre . What disappointed the Beastmen this time was the fact that their weapons were unable to be used against the Divine Race . If Zhao Hai hadn t given them some blood lightning beads, then it might have been very difficult for them to kill any heavy cavalry unit . This did not mean that their weapons were vastly inferior to the Divine Race, this simply meant that they had inferior strength . It can be said that the heavy cavalry only had average strength . Without their charge, then they wouldn t have had many good points . However, even with their 8th rank strength, the heavy cavalry soldiers also held innate strength, something that even Beastmen were unable to compare with . This aspect allowed the Beastmen understand the Divine Race s strength . Seeing with one s own eyes was truly different from hearing about it . The Beastmen now knew why Zhao Hai paid so much attention into the war with the Divine Race . At the same time, the Beastmen were now more convinced of Zhao Hai . They understood that they needed to pour all of their strength into the war, sparing nothing in order to gain victory . As the fight continued, Cloud Ying began to discover that taking the city this day would be impossible . Zhao Hai had too many methods in order to deal with their advance . It seems like the war would need to be drawn out for a long time . At this time, the Elves had returned to the battlefield . However, there were no horned pegasus cavalry going after them, all of them killed, never to come back . Cloud Ying started to count the losses on his side . He discovered that from the start to the present, they had losses that surpassed ten thousand people . One must know that it had only been a few hours since the fight started . Cloud Ying didn t expect that they would have this much loss . In the past, Cloud Ying felt disdain towards Silver Shuke for being unable to take the city and even managed to take heavy casualties . He thought that Silver Shuke was very incompetent in his job . But as it turns out, it was actually because of the multitude of tricks that Zhao Hai had . Most importantly, Zhao Hai even managed to eliminate the Deity s projection, this was too big of an impact to their morale . The heavy cavalry has been stopped, as well as the light cavalry . At this point, there was no way for them to proceed . This made Cloud Ying think, they had already lost ten thousand people, it wouldn t be great if this situation were to go on for much longer . Cloud Ying looked at the battlefield . The infantry were yet to go forward, but the heavy and light cavalries were already stopped, they even managed to take huge losses . Additionally, the combat capabilities of Zhao Hai s undead wasn t any weak and were still quite numerous . Cloud Ying couldn t help but grit his teeth as he commanded, Withdraw Just as he said that, a messenger beside him immediately took out a small copper bell and proceeded to knock on it . Although the bronze bell was very small, it was very loud . The entire battlefield were able to hear the loud banging sound of the bell . The Divine Race knew that this signal meant retreat . Therefore, they didn t dare to continue on . They made their formations and the proceeded to slowly retreat . Zhao Hai saw this and didn t order his troops to pursue . The army the Divine Race had sent out today wasn t a lot . Zhao Hai was afraid that if they pursue, then they might fall into an ambush . And even if there was no ambush, the Divine Race could just send their other troops to attack the city while Zhao Hai clashed with the retreating troops . After all, Zhao Hai was aware of the number of troops that were present in the Divine Race s camp . Zhao Hai just stood there, looking at the Divine Race army as they slowly drew back . However, his mood was actually very heavy . Although they had managed to repel the Divine Race today, the methods that they showed made Zhao Hai feel quite terrible . This was especially true for their method of summoning that immortal cultivator . This made Zhao Hai very vigilant . The opposite party s projection almost managed to kill him . If that was his main body, how strong could he be If the Divine Race decided to summon a lot of immortal cultivators, then the Ark Continent s troubles would surely be big . After the Divine Race retreated, Zhao Hai returned to the city s wall . When Lizzy saw Zhao Hai, she quickly said, Big Brother Hai, are you alright Did you get hurt Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I m fine, don t worry . We ve also managed to get some good harvests this time . Right, a lot of Dwarves and Beastmen managed to get injured this time . Prepare to have them cured as soon as possible . Lizzy nodded, then she immediately gave orders to the people in the army . They also had the city s defensive formation taken down, allowing the three groups from outside to go in . Before long, the three army divisions came back . Some of these people were injured, while some died . Zhao Hai didn t turn those who fell in battle into his undead, that method was only reserved for his enemies, he wouldn t do the same for his allies . Although this will make him lose a lot of potential undead, he knew that if he did this, the three races would get angry . Even if they didn t get angry in front of him, it would still bring resentment, possibly making future cooperation very difficult . Since Lizzy already made preparations ahead of time, the injured were immediately given treatment after they arrived . Zhao Hai also had his undead assist in giving aid . At the same time, Zhao Hai also called the various leaders over . They were to meet at the city lord s mansion s battle room . After all of them arrived and had sat down, Zhao Hai immediately said, The fight with the Divine Race, what do you think The complexion of these people weren t very good . The Divine Race were more powerful than they imagined . If they didn t have the blood lightning beads and Zhao Hai, then it would be impossible for them to achieve today s result . Seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Can t speak Think that they re too powerful Haha . They are indeed strong, but as you can see, they were still repelled . Don t worry, my side has been working hard in order to produce potions that can promote your levels . When that time comes, you won t be too afraid of fighting with the Divine Race anymore . Baker gave a nod and said, The Divine Race are surely formidable . However, they aren t invincible beings . If our strengths improved, then we could surely fight them head to head . The group nodded . They were also aware of the difference between them and the Divine Race . The most gleaming disparity was their strength . The weakest level soldier in the Divine Race army were 8th ranks . However, 8th ranks were already seen as strong people in the Ark Continent s side . This difference in perception was just too big .





* * *





Chapter 745 – The Prophecy Must Be Fulfilled

The disparity of strength was obvious, but it also lead to a headache . Strength cannot be met with just a day of practice . And this issue was prevalent to all the armies in the Ark Continent .

Ordinary armies in the Ark Continent weren’t very strong . At most, the soldiers in those armies have about 5th rank in strength . Even the elite troops of the continent had 7th and 8th ranks as their strongest members, and on average, have 6th rank soldiers .

If the Ark Continent went to war with the other countries using such armies, then there would be no problems . However, these kinds of armies were simply insufficient when it came to fighting the Demons and the Divine Race . There was no need to say about the army of the Divine Race, their weakest soldier had 8th rank strength . At the same time, the Demons were very strong as well, their weakest being 7th rank . If we factor in their environment and upbringing, the Demons would be no worse than the Divine Race . As the matter stands, there was a huge gap of strength between the residents of the Ark Continent and their two invaders .

Zhao Hai looked at the group present and then gave a smile, “The matter of strength is easy to deal with . Soon, I will bring in a batch of potions that would improve your strengths to at least 8th rank . When that time comes, you would have more capabilities to fight against the Divine Race . ”

Baker and the others nodded with a happy expression . For them, this was absolutely good news . If they didn’t come to to Upper Bank City, then they might not have known when they’ll be able to drink Zhao Hai’s potions . After all, the continent’s population was just too large . Even if the plan to upgrade soldiers had begun, they wouldn’t know which month or even year they would get their turn . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “While we wait for the potions, everyone should think of tactics in order to deal with the Divine Race . You have seen their capabilities in today’s battle . They are quite strong, moreover, their formations were skillfully executed as well . If we want to defeat them, then we would need more than strength to do so . ”

The group nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, “You just need to wait for a bit before I arrange for the potions . Also, make sure to place those injured in the rear . I will deal with the other injured soldiers when I return . Take care of them, I’m sure the Divine Race wouldn’t attack so soon . I am more worried about the Demons at this time . It wouldn’t be great for us if they decide to move . ”

When the group heard Zhao Hai, their hearts couldn’t help but tighten . In the past, they didn’t have any feelings about this, but after going against the Divine Race, they truly understood the situation they were in . There was already a huge disparity between the Ark Continent and the Divine Race, and there were the Demons as well . They couldn’t help but feel anxious while thinking about this .





When he saw everyone’s expression, Zhao Hai said, “Alright, you should all get a rest . We just had a fight, everyone should be tired . ” Then everyone stood up and left after giving Zhao Hai a salute .

When the group left, Zhao Hai immediately brought Lizzy and the others back into the Space . Laura’s group were quite busy inside the Space, taking care of the various commodities to be supplied to the continent . It can be said that Laura and Ruyen were the most busy among the people inside .

Zhao Hai greeted everyone before they all sat down . Then Zhao Hai said, “In today’s battle, the Divine Race summoned a person . He was called Deity by the Divine Race . From this title, one could say that he is a higher level existence compared to the Divine Race . And he was really powerful, only a mere projection from him managed to show such great strength . If it weren’t for Cai’er, I might have been in grave danger . If the Divine Race can summon a person like that, then it might be possible for them to summon another one . It would be a big problem if several of those people appeared simultaneously . ”

Laura and the others knew about the degree of danger that this entailed, therefore, they couldn’t help but frown . Lizzy replied, “What is Big Brother Hai planning to do with it?”

Zhao Hai said, “We’ll just need to prepare for it . If the Divine Race could really summon a lot of people just like that, then we need to get ready to transfer the people of the continent into the Space in the shortest period of time . What do all of you think?”

Laura nodded and said, “It looks like this is the only way . The Demons and the Divine Race are already our limit . If those higher level people appear, then we could only evacuate the entire continent’s population into the Space . ”

Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, do we need to tell the Patriarchs about this matter? Making them prepare for it in advance?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Let’s withhold this information for now lest we cause unnecessary panic . Let’s wait first and hope that our speculations aren’t true . ”

At this time, Zhao Hai’s expression suddenly changed . He waved his hand and took out a messenger fish . This messenger fish was paired up with the Elf Queen’s own messenger fish . What matter did the Elf Queen have this time? Did an accident happen in the Elven Forest?





At this time, Zhao Hai’s expression suddenly changed . He waved his hand and took out a messenger fish . This messenger fish was paired up with the Elf Queen’s own messenger fish . What matter did the Elf Queen have this time? Did an accident happen in the Elven Forest?

Zhao Hai immediately talked into the messenger fish, “Your Majesty, what’s the problem?” Then he looked towards the monitor as Cai’er displayed the Queen’s room .

Currently, the Elf Queen looked very anxious . Her complexion was somewhat pale, it seems like something terrible has happened .

When the Queen heard Zhao Hai’s voice, she immediately replied, “Mister, something happened . Our Elven Race’s Divine treasure, the Tree of Life, is withering . Mister, please come over and see it . ”

Zhao Hai gawked, then he immediately thought of the Dwarf Race’s prophecy . In that prophecy, the Elves’ Tree of Life would wither .

The Elves had always regarded the Tree of Life as their Deity . They had always thought that it was a gift from the Goddess of Life to the Elves . And the Tree of Life did indeed give benefits to the Elven Race . Not only did it allow the Elves to understand life magic better, its liquid of life was also a good medicine for healing and cultivation . The first version of Spatial Water was another form of the liquid of life .

The Tree of Life had grown for many years without withering . Even with Zhao Hai’s status, the Elves still wouldn’t allow him from seeing it . Once could see how well-regarded the tree was to the Elves . However, they didn’t expect the tree to actually start to wither . To the Elves, this was an extremely important matter .

When Zhao Hai heard the Elf Queen, he couldn’t help but get anxious as well, he quickly replied, “When did you find out? Tell me what happened . ” The Queen’s expression stayed tense as she replied, “Just today . I always go to the Tree of Life everyday in order to offer my worship . While I was praying, I found out that there was a hint of withering to the Tree of Life . I knew that this matter has been mentioned in the prophecy of the Dwarves, therefore, I decided to approach Mister to ask if you have any way of healing it . ”

Zhao Hai immediately said, “First, block this news from going out . Don’t let other people know about it . I will be coming over there soon . ”





Zhao Hai immediately said, “First, block this news from going out . Don’t let other people know about it . I will be coming over there soon . ”

Zhao Hai was very clear, if the Elves were to know that their Tree of Life was withering, then there was no doubt that they would go absolutely crazy . Its significance would trump the threat that the Demons and the Divine Race had caused .

The Queen agreed, then Zhao Hai immediately stored his messenger fish before his figure disappeared from the Space before it reappeared inside the Even Race’s city . Then he directly soared towards the Royal Palace .

Zhao Hai’s status was now an Elder of the Elven Race, and in addition to the times being hectic, the guarding Elves only thought that something had happened in the frontline . Therefore, they didn’t mind Zhao Hai’s presence too much and just opened the doors to the Royal Palace .

The Queen was very uneasy as she repeatedly walked around the room and then took a seat and then took a walk again . So when she heard the notification that Zhao Hai had arrived, she immediately said, “Invite Mister over, quickly!”

After Zhao Hai entered the Great Hall, the Queen turned to the guards and said, “Go and leave the hall . Make sure to close the door and don’t allow anybody else to enter . ” The two guards nodded before they turned around and left the Great Hall .

After the guards left, Zhao Hai turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, why did the Tree of Life wither? Do you have any ideas about it?”

The Queen shook her head and said, “I really don’t know . I just discovered that the leaves of the tree had begun to wilt . This case never happened before . Mister, come with me . ” Then Zhao Hai gave a nod before the Queen turned around and led Zhao Hai behind the Great Hall .

Behind the Great Hall was a small courtyard . In this courtyard were two voiceless soundbirds . The Queen sat on one of them as Zhao Hai rode the other . Then the voiceless soundbirds flapped their wings and proceeded to fly upwards and towards an area above the city .

The city was very high, Zhao Hai didn’t even know how much, he hadn’t gone this high up before . Therefore, he had no idea about where they were going .



Behind the Great Hall was a small courtyard . In this courtyard were two voiceless soundbirds . The Queen sat on one of them as Zhao Hai rode the other . Then the voiceless soundbirds flapped their wings and proceeded to fly upwards and towards an area above the city .

The city was very high, Zhao Hai didn’t even know how much, he hadn’t gone this high up before . Therefore, he had no idea about where they were going .

The voiceless soundbirds were almost flying in a vertical fashion . They flew non-stop for about a couple of hours before they stopped on a branch . This branch was not very thick, only able to accommodate one person walking on top of it . Not too far from where they landed was a hole, it was dark inside making it hard to see what was going on .

The Queen dismounted from the voiceless soundbird as she proceeded to walk towards that hole . While she walked over, she said, “For many years, mister will be the first outsider to come to this place . ”

Zhao Hai stared blankly at the Queen . He didn’t understand what the Queen was saying . He thought that they were currently on the massive Tree of Life, it grew for all these years to become this big and tall . Zhao Hai thought that the Tree of Life was this giant tree, now it looks like this wasn’t the case .

Before long, Zhao Hai had entered the hole with the Queen . Upon entering the hole, they took a turn before taking yet another turn . This explained why the hole looked dark from the outside . At this time, Zhao Hai noticed a hint of green light shining in front of him . Then he slowly felt a strong wave of energy coming from that direction .

The Queen didn’t speak as she unconsciously made light footsteps . Zhao Hai had a faint understanding of where they were going to, so he also did the same .

The green light up front got brighter and brighter . Zhao Hai can also feel the energy getting stronger and stronger . Although this energy was very strong, it actually gave people a type of gentle feeling, just like warm sunlight, just like a mother’s hand, gently stroking your skin, making you feel warm . Zhao Hai’s mind couldn’t help but turn tranquil .

 Chapter 745 The Prophecy Must Be Fulfilled The disparity of strength was obvious, but it also lead to a headache . Strength cannot be met with just a day of practice . And this issue was prevalent to all the armies in the Ark Continent . Ordinary armies in the Ark Continent weren t very strong . At most, the soldiers in those armies have about 5th rank in strength . Even the elite troops of the continent had 7th and 8th ranks as their strongest members, and on average, have 6th rank soldiers . If the Ark Continent went to war with the other countries using such armies, then there would be no problems . However, these kinds of armies were simply insufficient when it came to fighting the Demons and the Divine Race . There was no need to say about the army of the Divine Race, their weakest soldier had 8th rank strength . At the same time, the Demons were very strong as well, their weakest being 7th rank . If we factor in their environment and upbringing, the Demons would be no worse than the Divine Race . As the matter stands, there was a huge gap of strength between the residents of the Ark Continent and their two invaders . Zhao Hai looked at the group present and then gave a smile, The matter of strength is easy to deal with . Soon, I will bring in a batch of potions that would improve your strengths to at least 8th rank . When that time comes, you would have more capabilities to fight against the Divine Race . Baker and the others nodded with a happy expression . For them, this was absolutely good news . If they didn t come to to Upper Bank City, then they might not have known when they ll be able to drink Zhao Hai s potions . After all, the continent s population was just too large . Even if the plan to upgrade soldiers had begun, they wouldn t know which month or even year they would get their turn . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, While we wait for the potions, everyone should think of tactics in order to deal with the Divine Race . You have seen their capabilities in today s battle . They are quite strong, moreover, their formations were skillfully executed as well . If we want to defeat them, then we would need more than strength to do so . The group nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, You just need to wait for a bit before I arrange for the potions . Also, make sure to place those injured in the rear . I will deal with the other injured soldiers when I return . Take care of them, I m sure the Divine Race wouldn t attack so soon . I am more worried about the Demons at this time . It wouldn t be great for us if they decide to move . When the group heard Zhao Hai, their hearts couldn t help but tighten . In the past, they didn t have any feelings about this, but after going against the Divine Race, they truly understood the situation they were in . There was already a huge disparity between the Ark Continent and the Divine Race, and there were the Demons as well . They couldn t help but feel anxious while thinking about this . When he saw everyone s expression, Zhao Hai said, Alright, you should all get a rest . We just had a fight, everyone should be tired . Then everyone stood up and left after giving Zhao Hai a salute . When the group left, Zhao Hai immediately brought Lizzy and the others back into the Space . Laura s group were quite busy inside the Space, taking care of the various commodities to be supplied to the continent . It can be said that Laura and Ruyen were the most busy among the people inside . Zhao Hai greeted everyone before they all sat down . Then Zhao Hai said, In today s battle, the Divine Race summoned a person . He was called Deity by the Divine Race . From this title, one could say that he is a higher level existence compared to the Divine Race . And he was really powerful, only a mere projection from him managed to show such great strength . If it weren t for Cai er, I might have been in grave danger . If the Divine Race can summon a person like that, then it might be possible for them to summon another one . It would be a big problem if several of those people appeared simultaneously . Laura and the others knew about the degree of danger that this entailed, therefore, they couldn t help but frown . Lizzy replied, What is Big Brother Hai planning to do with it Zhao Hai said, We ll just need to prepare for it . If the Divine Race could really summon a lot of people just like that, then we need to get ready to transfer the people of the continent into the Space in the shortest period of time . What do all of you think Laura nodded and said, It looks like this is the only way . The Demons and the Divine Race are already our limit . If those higher level people appear, then we could only evacuate the entire continent s population into the Space . Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and said, Big Brother Hai, do we need to tell the Patriarchs about this matter Making them prepare for it in advance Zhao Hai shook his head and said, Let s withhold this information for now lest we cause unnecessary panic . Let s wait first and hope that our speculations aren t true . At this time, Zhao Hai s expression suddenly changed . He waved his hand and took out a messenger fish . This messenger fish was paired up with the Elf Queen s own messenger fish . What matter did the Elf Queen have this time Did an accident happen in the Elven Forest Zhao Hai immediately talked into the messenger fish, Your Majesty, what s the problem Then he looked towards the monitor as Cai er displayed the Queen s room . Currently, the Elf Queen looked very anxious . Her complexion was somewhat pale, it seems like something terrible has happened . When the Queen heard Zhao Hai s voice, she immediately replied, Mister, something happened . Our Elven Race s Divine treasure, the Tree of Life, is withering . Mister, please come over and see it . Zhao Hai gawked, then he immediately thought of the Dwarf Race s prophecy . In that prophecy, the Elves Tree of Life would wither . The Elves had always regarded the Tree of Life as their Deity . They had always thought that it was a gift from the Goddess of Life to the Elves . And the Tree of Life did indeed give benefits to the Elven Race . Not only did it allow the Elves to understand life magic better, its liquid of life was also a good medicine for healing and cultivation . The first version of Spatial Water was another form of the liquid of life . The Tree of Life had grown for many years without withering . Even with Zhao Hai s status, the Elves still wouldn t allow him from seeing it . Once could see how well regarded the tree was to the Elves . However, they didn t expect the tree to actually start to wither . To the Elves, this was an extremely important matter . When Zhao Hai heard the Elf Queen, he couldn t help but get anxious as well, he quickly replied, When did you find out Tell me what happened . The Queen s expression stayed tense as she replied, Just today . I always go to the Tree of Life everyday in order to offer my worship . While I was praying, I found out that there was a hint of withering to the Tree of Life . I knew that this matter has been mentioned in the prophecy of the Dwarves, therefore, I decided to approach Mister to ask if you have any way of healing it . Zhao Hai immediately said, First, block this news from going out . Don t let other people know about it . I will be coming over there soon . Zhao Hai was very clear, if the Elves were to know that their Tree of Life was withering, then there was no doubt that they would go absolutely crazy . Its significance would trump the threat that the Demons and the Divine Race had caused . The Queen agreed, then Zhao Hai immediately stored his messenger fish before his figure disappeared from the Space before it reappeared inside the Even Race s city . Then he directly soared towards the Royal Palace . Zhao Hai s status was now an Elder of the Elven Race, and in addition to the times being hectic, the guarding Elves only thought that something had happened in the frontline . Therefore, they didn t mind Zhao Hai s presence too much and just opened the doors to the Royal Palace . The Queen was very uneasy as she repeatedly walked around the room and then took a seat and then took a walk again . So when she heard the notification that Zhao Hai had arrived, she immediately said, Invite Mister over, quickly After Zhao Hai entered the Great Hall, the Queen turned to the guards and said, Go and leave the hall . Make sure to close the door and don t allow anybody else to enter . The two guards nodded before they turned around and left the Great Hall . After the guards left, Zhao Hai turned to the Queen and said, Your Majesty, why did the Tree of Life wither Do you have any ideas about it The Queen shook her head and said, I really don t know . I just discovered that the leaves of the tree had begun to wilt . This case never happened before . Mister, come with me . Then Zhao Hai gave a nod before the Queen turned around and led Zhao Hai behind the Great Hall . Behind the Great Hall was a small courtyard . In this courtyard were two voiceless soundbirds . The Queen sat on one of them as Zhao Hai rode the other . Then the voiceless soundbirds flapped their wings and proceeded to fly upwards and towards an area above the city . The city was very high, Zhao Hai didn t even know how much, he hadn t gone this high up before . Therefore, he had no idea about where they were going . The voiceless soundbirds were almost flying in a vertical fashion . They flew non stop for about a couple of hours before they stopped on a branch . This branch was not very thick, only able to accommodate one person walking on top of it . Not too far from where they landed was a hole, it was dark inside making it hard to see what was going on . The Queen dismounted from the voiceless soundbird as she proceeded to walk towards that hole . While she walked over, she said, For many years, mister will be the first outsider to come to this place . Zhao Hai stared blankly at the Queen . He didn t understand what the Queen was saying . He thought that they were currently on the massive Tree of Life, it grew for all these years to become this big and tall . Zhao Hai thought that the Tree of Life was this giant tree, now it looks like this wasn t the case . Before long, Zhao Hai had entered the hole with the Queen . Upon entering the hole, they took a turn before taking yet another turn . This explained why the hole looked dark from the outside . At this time, Zhao Hai noticed a hint of green light shining in front of him . Then he slowly felt a strong wave of energy coming from that direction . The Queen didn t speak as she unconsciously made light footsteps . Zhao Hai had a faint understanding of where they were going to, so he also did the same . The green light up front got brighter and brighter . Zhao Hai can also feel the energy getting stronger and stronger . Although this energy was very strong, it actually gave people a type of gentle feeling, just like warm sunlight, just like a mother s hand, gently stroking your skin, making you feel warm . Zhao Hai s mind couldn t help but turn tranquil .





* * *





Chapter 746 – Method to Upgrade the Undead

After entering a small arched entrance, Zhao Hai and the Queen got into a fairly big room . All in all, this room had more than 100 square meters . In the middle of this room was a pool, and in the middle of the pool was a short and small tree .

The tree was very unusual . Its whole body was green but it was almost transparent . It looked more like a crystal than an actual tree .

What made Zhao Hai feel strange was that this tree only had nine twigs, and each twig only had a single leaf . Each leaf also looked like a crystal, but their veins were of deeper color, they looked very beautiful .

However, among these nine leaves, one of them had started to turn yellowish . It looks like the leaf was slowly dying .

On the side of the pool were several mats . One could see that these mats were very clean, evidence that it was used quite frequently .

The Queen arrived on a mat and gently knelt, paying obedience towards the small tree in the middle of the pond . Then she stood up and turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this is the Divine treasure of our Race, the Tree of Life . In the past, all of the leaves of this tree are green . But today, I have discovered that one had turned yellow . This reminded me of the prophecy of the Dwarves . So I immediately asked mister over in order to see it . ”





Zhao Hai nodded, then he arrived by the pool . The pool wasn’t very big, but it was completely filled with water . He examined the liquid of life inside the pool, it seems like this one was of a higher quality compare to what the Space had before .

The Tree of Life lived on this pool . There wasn’t even a single particle of soil inside the pool, making it seem like the Tree of Life was being a parasite on the giant tree .

Zhao Hai frowned, to be honest, he didn’t know if the Space was able to save this tree . It would be great if the Space did, however, if it can’t, then the Elf Race would be in big trouble .

The Queen looked at Zhao Hai’s expression, her heart couldn’t help but sink . She thought that Zhao Hai didn’t have the means to save the Tree of Life . However, she still asked, “Does Mister have any ways of saving the tree?”

Zhao Hai turned his head to the Queen and replied, “I have a solution in mind, however, I’m not sure if it could work . Moreover, I cannot treat it here, I need to bring the tree to another place in order to cure it . If Your Majesty agrees, then I can try . If you don’t, then I have no other methods in mind . ”

As soon as she heard Zhao Hai, the Queen couldn’t help but stare for a moment before she knit her brows and said, “Mister, the Tree of Life is too important for the Elves . I alone don’t have the authority to immediately decide on this matter . I need to discuss this with the elders before giving you a concrete answer . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, but Your Majesty should know about the effect of this matter more than I do, so I will not say any more . I just hope that you keep this a secret, we can’t afford to have panic among the Elves at this time . Just know that if you decide to let me cure the tree, then I am confident that I have an 80 percent chance of succeeding . Also, it wouldn’t take too long . ”

The Queen stared for a moment before she gave a nod and said, “Alright, Mister can rest assured . I shall handle this matter with care . ” Then she led Zhao Hai out of the hole .





The Queen stared for a moment before she gave a nod and said, “Alright, Mister can rest assured . I shall handle this matter with care . ” Then she led Zhao Hai out of the hole .

After exiting, Zhao Hai didn’t ride the voiceless soundbird, instead, she turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, I won’t be staying here for long . My presence if heavily needed in the frontlines . If you agree to my arrangement, then you can just inform me through the messenger fish . ”

The Queen nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll have to trouble Mister when the time comes . ” Then Zhao Hai gave a bow before his figure vanished . After Zhao Hai vanished, the Queen silently rode her voiceless soundbird and then proceeded to return to the Royal Palace .

Zhao Hai didn’t return to Upper Bank City, but instead entered the Space . He had assigned Cai’er to look after the city for him .

Since nothing happened in the city, Zhao Hai decided to count his gains from today . Currently, the magic beasts of the Space had been promoted . Unfortunately, the majority of them only reached 9th rank, nobody reached God-rank . Moreover, of the undead that he had absorbed, very few of them were God-rank . Most of them were 9th rank or were promoted to 9th rank by the Space .

There was no other explanation for this, most of their kills today were from the Divine Race’s heavy and light cavalry . These two units weren’t that high in the Divine Race’s hierarchy, so their strengths were very limited .

Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that the Space’s hurdle to God-rank wasn’t as easy as before where he only needed to wait for specific conditions to be filled before the undead gets promoted . Take the light element undead, after acquiring the three divine artifacts, this made them God-rank . As for the undead assassins, they only managed to get promoted by having absorbed Shiying . And lastly, the fire element undead were only promoted after absorbing Tiger Huan along with more God-rank fire element experts .

Zhao Hai guessed the reason why this was the case, it was because of the number of the undead . At this time, the largest number of undead that he had were all from the water element while the least number came from the light element . This was the reason why it only took three divine artifacts before all the light element undead got promoted to God-rank . The energy needed to upgrade all of those undead was only small . This was the same case for the dark element undead, they only needed Shiying’s energy in order to be promoted . This case was also proven when we think about the time where Tiger Huan’s death didn’t immediately upgrade the fire element undead . Only after absorbing more fire element God-ranks did the fire element undead get promoted to God-rank .





Zhao Hai guessed the reason why this was the case, it was because of the number of the undead . At this time, the largest number of undead that he had were all from the water element while the least number came from the light element . This was the reason why it only took three divine artifacts before all the light element undead got promoted to God-rank . The energy needed to upgrade all of those undead was only small . This was the same case for the dark element undead, they only needed Shiying’s energy in order to be promoted . This case was also proven when we think about the time where Tiger Huan’s death didn’t immediately upgrade the fire element undead . Only after absorbing more fire element God-ranks did the fire element undead get promoted to God-rank .

At this point, it seems like upgrading the undead in the Space wouldn’t be very easy . It would need a lot of energy before all of the undead were to become God-rank .

Although they had killed a lot of Divine Race soldiers today, a large part of them weren’t God-rank, some haven’t even reached 9th rank . Because of this, the undead in the Space didn’t level up . On the other hand, Zhao Hai managed to get living magic beasts into the Space, which in turn promoted the magic beasts in the Space .

Although all of these were just guesses, Zhao Hai felt that his speculation wasn’t wrong . Still, he wanted to confirm, so he called Cai’er over and asked about the Space’s condition of promoting the undead .

Sure enough, the explanation that Zhao Hai got from Cai’er was similar to his guess . If he wanted to promote the undead into God-rank, then he would need energy that was the same as their attribute . Moreover, the energy needed to be related to death . As for the Divine Artifacts, they weren’t living beings in the end, so the energy inside them can be considered as dead . It was completely unlike the living energy inside trees and grasses as well as living beings . All of those living energies were useless to the undead .

The reason why Shiying and Tiger Huan managed to upgrade the undead was because they were killed . After being killed, their energies became dead, allowing them to benefit the undead .

Upon hearing Cai’er, Zhao Hai understood . This was the reason why the undead didn’t level up after Bubble entered the Space . Although Bubble didn’t seem like a living being, he actually had consciousness, this was akin to being a living creature . The energy in Bubble’s body was living, therefore cannot be used by the undead .

Zhao Hai became impatient about this condition . It seems like if he wanted to upgrade the undead in the future, then he would need to kill God-ranks with the same attributes as them . Only in this way could the undead have enough energy to level up .

Zhao Hai sighed and then let go of this matter . Then he looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, can you analyze the state of the Tree of Life? Why would it suddenly wither like that?” Cai’er shook her head and said, “Young Master, unless the Tree of Life goes inside the Space, there is no way that I can analyze its state . ” Zhao Hai knit his brows and replied, “Then do you think that the Space can cure the Tree of Life?” Cai’er smiled and said, “There’s no issue about that . Young Master, don’t forget, the Space could even resurrect plants that are dead for over one month . Curing the Tree of Life wouldn’t be a problem . Moreover, seeing how formidable the Tree of Life was, it is highly probable that it could make the Space level up . ”



Zhao Hai became impatient about this condition . It seems like if he wanted to upgrade the undead in the future, then he would need to kill God-ranks with the same attributes as them . Only in this way could the undead have enough energy to level up .

Zhao Hai sighed and then let go of this matter . Then he looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, can you analyze the state of the Tree of Life? Why would it suddenly wither like that?” Cai’er shook her head and said, “Young Master, unless the Tree of Life goes inside the Space, there is no way that I can analyze its state . ” Zhao Hai knit his brows and replied, “Then do you think that the Space can cure the Tree of Life?” Cai’er smiled and said, “There’s no issue about that . Young Master, don’t forget, the Space could even resurrect plants that are dead for over one month . Curing the Tree of Life wouldn’t be a problem . Moreover, seeing how formidable the Tree of Life was, it is highly probable that it could make the Space level up . ”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Let’s hope so . ”

Then Zhao Hai opened the monitor to see the situation at Rising Sun City . He wanted to see the current development of the Demon Race . Although there weren’t any actions coming from the Demon side, their numbers of God-ranks had kept increasing . At this moment, their God-rank experts had reached ten thousand . This made Zhao Hao’s expression uglier . The Demons and the Divine Race were very strong . Now that the Demon numbers had increased, Zhao Hai alone wouldn’t be able to stop them even if he went to Rising Sun City . But fortunately for him the had sent some crystals and magic cannons over to the city . This would allow them to withstand for a while, but not for long . At that time, Zhao Hai can only make use of the Space to rescue the people there .

The main issue for them at this time was the possibility that the Demons and the Divine Race would simultaneously attack . This will make Zhao Hai unable to focus on one without abandoning the other . With him being unable to split his head into two, true trouble would come .

Zhao Hai didn’t have any good ideas to deal with this situation . Although he held good things in his hands, these weren’t even enough to deal with one of them, much less two .

At this moment, the main weapon in Zhao Hai’s hand were his undead . All of these undead would be able to resist one of them but were not enough to block both . Splitting the undead would only lead to them being killed off by the Demons and the Divine Race, causing losses on both fronts . Once the undead gets killed off, then Zhao Hai’s might would diminish as well . When that time comes, it would be extremely difficult for him to find ways in order to resist the Demons and the Divine Race .

 Chapter 746 Method to Upgrade the Undead After entering a small arched entrance, Zhao Hai and the Queen got into a fairly big room . All in all, this room had more than 100 square meters . In the middle of this room was a pool, and in the middle of the pool was a short and small tree . The tree was very unusual . Its whole body was green but it was almost transparent . It looked more like a crystal than an actual tree . What made Zhao Hai feel strange was that this tree only had nine twigs, and each twig only had a single leaf . Each leaf also looked like a crystal, but their veins were of deeper color, they looked very beautiful . However, among these nine leaves, one of them had started to turn yellowish . It looks like the leaf was slowly dying . On the side of the pool were several mats . One could see that these mats were very clean, evidence that it was used quite frequently . The Queen arrived on a mat and gently knelt, paying obedience towards the small tree in the middle of the pond . Then she stood up and turned to Zhao Hai and said, Mister, this is the Divine treasure of our Race, the Tree of Life . In the past, all of the leaves of this tree are green . But today, I have discovered that one had turned yellow . This reminded me of the prophecy of the Dwarves . So I immediately asked mister over in order to see it . Zhao Hai nodded, then he arrived by the pool . The pool wasn t very big, but it was completely filled with water . He examined the liquid of life inside the pool, it seems like this one was of a higher quality compare to what the Space had before . The Tree of Life lived on this pool . There wasn t even a single particle of soil inside the pool, making it seem like the Tree of Life was being a parasite on the giant tree . Zhao Hai frowned, to be honest, he didn t know if the Space was able to save this tree . It would be great if the Space did, however, if it can t, then the Elf Race would be in big trouble . The Queen looked at Zhao Hai s expression, her heart couldn t help but sink . She thought that Zhao Hai didn t have the means to save the Tree of Life . However, she still asked, Does Mister have any ways of saving the tree Zhao Hai turned his head to the Queen and replied, I have a solution in mind, however, I m not sure if it could work . Moreover, I cannot treat it here, I need to bring the tree to another place in order to cure it . If Your Majesty agrees, then I can try . If you don t, then I have no other methods in mind . As soon as she heard Zhao Hai, the Queen couldn t help but stare for a moment before she knit her brows and said, Mister, the Tree of Life is too important for the Elves . I alone don t have the authority to immediately decide on this matter . I need to discuss this with the elders before giving you a concrete answer . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, but Your Majesty should know about the effect of this matter more than I do, so I will not say any more . I just hope that you keep this a secret, we can t afford to have panic among the Elves at this time . Just know that if you decide to let me cure the tree, then I am confident that I have an 80 percent chance of succeeding . Also, it wouldn t take too long . The Queen stared for a moment before she gave a nod and said, Alright, Mister can rest assured . I shall handle this matter with care . Then she led Zhao Hai out of the hole . After exiting, Zhao Hai didn t ride the voiceless soundbird, instead, she turned to the Queen and said, Your Majesty, I won t be staying here for long . My presence if heavily needed in the frontlines . If you agree to my arrangement, then you can just inform me through the messenger fish . The Queen nodded and said, Alright, then I ll have to trouble Mister when the time comes . Then Zhao Hai gave a bow before his figure vanished . After Zhao Hai vanished, the Queen silently rode her voiceless soundbird and then proceeded to return to the Royal Palace . Zhao Hai didn t return to Upper Bank City, but instead entered the Space . He had assigned Cai er to look after the city for him . Since nothing happened in the city, Zhao Hai decided to count his gains from today . Currently, the magic beasts of the Space had been promoted . Unfortunately, the majority of them only reached 9th rank, nobody reached God rank . Moreover, of the undead that he had absorbed, very few of them were God rank . Most of them were 9th rank or were promoted to 9th rank by the Space . There was no other explanation for this, most of their kills today were from the Divine Race s heavy and light cavalry . These two units weren t that high in the Divine Race s hierarchy, so their strengths were very limited . Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that the Space s hurdle to God rank wasn t as easy as before where he only needed to wait for specific conditions to be filled before the undead gets promoted . Take the light element undead, after acquiring the three divine artifacts, this made them God rank . As for the undead assassins, they only managed to get promoted by having absorbed Shiying . And lastly, the fire element undead were only promoted after absorbing Tiger Huan along with more God rank fire element experts . Zhao Hai guessed the reason why this was the case, it was because of the number of the undead . At this time, the largest number of undead that he had were all from the water element while the least number came from the light element . This was the reason why it only took three divine artifacts before all the light element undead got promoted to God rank . The energy needed to upgrade all of those undead was only small . This was the same case for the dark element undead, they only needed Shiying s energy in order to be promoted . This case was also proven when we think about the time where Tiger Huan s death didn t immediately upgrade the fire element undead . Only after absorbing more fire element God ranks did the fire element undead get promoted to God rank . At this point, it seems like upgrading the undead in the Space wouldn t be very easy . It would need a lot of energy before all of the undead were to become God rank . Although they had killed a lot of Divine Race soldiers today, a large part of them weren t God rank, some haven t even reached 9th rank . Because of this, the undead in the Space didn t level up . On the other hand, Zhao Hai managed to get living magic beasts into the Space, which in turn promoted the magic beasts in the Space . Although all of these were just guesses, Zhao Hai felt that his speculation wasn t wrong . Still, he wanted to confirm, so he called Cai er over and asked about the Space s condition of promoting the undead . Sure enough, the explanation that Zhao Hai got from Cai er was similar to his guess . If he wanted to promote the undead into God rank, then he would need energy that was the same as their attribute . Moreover, the energy needed to be related to death . As for the Divine Artifacts, they weren t living beings in the end, so the energy inside them can be considered as dead . It was completely unlike the living energy inside trees and grasses as well as living beings . All of those living energies were useless to the undead . The reason why Shiying and Tiger Huan managed to upgrade the undead was because they were killed . After being killed, their energies became dead, allowing them to benefit the undead . Upon hearing Cai er, Zhao Hai understood . This was the reason why the undead didn t level up after Bubble entered the Space . Although Bubble didn t seem like a living being, he actually had consciousness, this was akin to being a living creature . The energy in Bubble s body was living, therefore cannot be used by the undead . Zhao Hai became impatient about this condition . It seems like if he wanted to upgrade the undead in the future, then he would need to kill God ranks with the same attributes as them . Only in this way could the undead have enough energy to level up . Zhao Hai sighed and then let go of this matter . Then he looked at Cai er and said, Cai er, can you analyze the state of the Tree of Life Why would it suddenly wither like that Cai er shook her head and said, Young Master, unless the Tree of Life goes inside the Space, there is no way that I can analyze its state . Zhao Hai knit his brows and replied, Then do you think that the Space can cure the Tree of Life Cai er smiled and said, There s no issue about that . Young Master, don t forget, the Space could even resurrect plants that are dead for over one month . Curing the Tree of Life wouldn t be a problem . Moreover, seeing how formidable the Tree of Life was, it is highly probable that it could make the Space level up . Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, Let s hope so . Then Zhao Hai opened the monitor to see the situation at Rising Sun City . He wanted to see the current development of the Demon Race . Although there weren t any actions coming from the Demon side, their numbers of God ranks had kept increasing . At this moment, their God rank experts had reached ten thousand . This made Zhao Hao s expression uglier . The Demons and the Divine Race were very strong . Now that the Demon numbers had increased, Zhao Hai alone wouldn t be able to stop them even if he went to Rising Sun City . But fortunately for him the had sent some crystals and magic cannons over to the city . This would allow them to withstand for a while, but not for long . At that time, Zhao Hai can only make use of the Space to rescue the people there . The main issue for them at this time was the possibility that the Demons and the Divine Race would simultaneously attack . This will make Zhao Hai unable to focus on one without abandoning the other . With him being unable to split his head into two, true trouble would come . Zhao Hai didn t have any good ideas to deal with this situation . Although he held good things in his hands, these weren t even enough to deal with one of them, much less two . At this moment, the main weapon in Zhao Hai s hand were his undead . All of these undead would be able to resist one of them but were not enough to block both . Splitting the undead would only lead to them being killed off by the Demons and the Divine Race, causing losses on both fronts . Once the undead gets killed off, then Zhao Hai s might would diminish as well . When that time comes, it would be extremely difficult for him to find ways in order to resist the Demons and the Divine Race .





* * *





Chapter 747 – Anxious Elves

Zhao Hai was calmly walking on the Space’s grassland . After the Space absorbed the wind bead, a breeze would blow here once in a while . This made the Space much more comfortable to be in, allowing Zhao Hai to relax more .

The Divine Race and the Demon Race were two colossal mountains that weighed down on Zhao Hai’s shoulders . Majority of his time was consumed in thinking about how to fight the two . This thought tightened his heart, not allowing him time to relax, making him feel very tired .

As he slowly walked around, Zhao Hai had unexpectedly arrived by the Processing machine . While looking at the timer, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh . He was very happy about acquiring a treasure, but behind such a treasure was a powerful enemy . This gave Zhao Hai an even bigger headache, much bigger compared to the Divine Race .

Zhao Hai gently rubbed his temples, everything was quite rocky at this point . Things kept coming one after the other, it’s very exhausting .

However, these matters needed to be dealt with, no matter how troublesome they were . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but give out another sigh as he looked back at the beating timer . In less than two days, the soul eating pagoda would have been finished in its upgrade .

To be honest, Zhao Hai liked the ability of the pagoda . As long as the tiny pagoda levels up, then perhaps he might be able to get a better method in upgrading the undead . Moreover, through this tiny pagoda, Zhao Hai would be able to understand more about the immortal cultivator, this would allow him ample materials to prepare for .

After having a walk on the surroundings, Zhao Hai managed to relax his mood quite a bit, then he proceeded to return to the villa’s living room . Laura and the others were also done with their chores and were now currently sitting in the living room, looking at the monitor . The monitor was currently showing the Radiant Empire . At this moment, the Divine Race had already seized the whole Empire . Moreover, they had also established protective shields in the various major cities while building military barracks inside them .

After seeing these barracks, Zhao Hai finally understood why the Divine Race decided to bring such bulky magic cannons . The cannons were already placed on the city walls, manned by several soldiers . It seems like the cannons were to be used as the city’s defensive weapons .





After noticing that Zhao Hai had come back, Laura and the others quickly stood up . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you’re back . ”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I just went on a short stroll to relax . Are done? How was it?”

Laura nodded and said, “The transportation is on track . The nations already knew how to coordinate, so we’re quite relaxed this time . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s good, don’t tire yourself too much . Now we’re waiting for the Elves to finish their discussion . If they decide to allow the Tree of Life into the Space, then the Space might level up . Let’s just see where their decision takes us . ”

Laura gave a faint smile and said, “Of course they’ll agree . If they don’t then they could only helplessly look at the Tree of Life as it slowly dies . The Elves couldn’t bear such a sight . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to the Divine Race barracks, he sighed and said, “I’m afraid that this is only a part of the Divine Race army . I have a feeling that there’ll be more of them coming . If our strengths aren’t promoted when that time comes, then I’m afraid we won’t be able to stop the Divine Race’s attack . ”

When they heard Zhao Hai, Laura and the others couldn’t help but turn silent . The attacks made by the Divine Race in the past two confrontations could be said to be fairly non-violent, and the number of attackers wasn’t that large . It seems like the Divine Race were still focused on their barracks . From what Zhao Hai could see, although the barracks has been set-up, they also look completely empty, they weren’t filled up . This might not be strange, after all, the Radiant Empire had about 100 million citizens while the Divine Race army only numbered 10 million .

However, seeing that they can’t fill the cities, the Divine Race still decided to construct their barracks . The only explanation to this was that they were preparing for the arrival of more armies in the future .

In this regard, one could say that the Divine Race were stronger than the Demons . Although the Demons had prepared to invade the Ark Continent for a long time, they were quite behind in preparation compared to the Divine Race . The Divine Race had the Radiant Church to aid them, and also the Radiant Empire for sacrifices, allowing them to change the laws of the Ark Continent . Now, the Divine Race already had their own place to settle in, unlike the Demons who needed to construct their own city .





In this regard, one could say that the Divine Race were stronger than the Demons . Although the Demons had prepared to invade the Ark Continent for a long time, they were quite behind in preparation compared to the Divine Race . The Divine Race had the Radiant Church to aid them, and also the Radiant Empire for sacrifices, allowing them to change the laws of the Ark Continent . Now, the Divine Race already had their own place to settle in, unlike the Demons who needed to construct their own city .

Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, if the Divine Race and Demons decided to attack at the same time, what do we do?”

Zhao Hai knit his eyebrows and said, “Then we can only retreat and fall back to the Accra Mountains . There, we would be able to block both the Demons and the Divine Race . As long as we stop them for quite some time, I believe that their cooperation would start to crumble . ”

Laura nodded and said, “This was our previous plan, however, we still underestimated the Divine Race and the Demons . We originally wanted to have the fight happen in the Buddha Empire, but now it seem like that won’t be the case . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “If the Demons and the Divine Race keep on increasing their numbers, then we could only fall back to the Accra Mountains and defend on both fronts . However, we must drag the current situation for as long as we can . The Accra Mountain needs to have more time to prepare . ”

Laura nodded, then she said, “Brother Hai, how about we give some blood lightning beads to father? Maybe he can find ways in order to improve it . ”

Zhao Hai shook his head, “No, the blood lightning bead is extremely dangerous, it wouldn’t be good if father gets injured . Having the blood lightning beads in the hands of the Elves is enough . What we need to do is to promote their strength as soon as possible . Speaking of which, I need to bring some spatial water out into the city . We’ll strengthen the soldiers first . ”

Laura and the others nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at the situation back in the city . Everything was very normal, after all, a fight just happened . Everyone was very tired and has been resting .

Lizzy turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, you should take a rest as well . You can go out after you wake up . This would also allow the soldiers to have proper rest . ”

After seeing the situation of the soldiers, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, everyone should also get some rest . I’m afraid the Divine Race would make another move in the following days . ”





After seeing the situation of the soldiers, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, everyone should also get some rest . I’m afraid the Divine Race would make another move in the following days . ”

Laura and the others were also quite tired in the past few days . Battles were happening one after another . Although Laura’s group weren’t involved in the fighting, their logistics work was more troublesome and exhausting . They haven’t rested well for a long time, so they needed this time to recover .

The next morning, Zhao Hai got up early and prepared a massive amount of spatial water before going out of the Space . At this time, the entire mountain was much livelier than before .

After the battle, the people were extremely tired . But at the same time, they also felt excitement they never felt before . They were too tired yesterday, so they immediately went to rest . Now that they had recovered, their vigor flared up, excited conversations began to bubble up in every part of the city .

After arriving at the city lord’s mansion, Zhao Hai immediately called the leaders of the various groups and gave them some spatial water . Moreover, he also told them that in the next two days, they wouldn’t need to fight, they needed to focus on improving their strength .

Naturally, the leaders of the groups became very happy . They had been waiting for this day . Even if they were the most elite troops of their respective armies, 8th ranks were still quite rare among them . Having this opportunity to reach that rank would make anyone very happy .

After having distributed the spatial water, Zhao Hai received a message from the Elf Queen . They had agreed to Zhao Hai’s conditions .

This made Zhao Hai stare, he didn’t think that the Elves would reach a decision in such a short time . However, he still made his way to the Elves’ Royal palace . After arriving at the palace, Zhao Hai discovered that the atmosphere was not quite right . Although the ordinary guards didn’t know about the problem, the 9th rank supreme elders of the race were all inside the palace . This made the atmosphere inside the Great Hall very hard to breath in .

Zhao Hai stared at this development before going inside the Great Hall . Inside, the Queen wasn’t on her throne, instead, she stood right by the 9th rank Elders of the Elven Race . Zhao Hai hasn’t seen these people before, it seems like they were the strong and elderly people in the race . What made Zhao Hai quite happy about these people was that some of them were very close to breaking through to God-rank .

However, Zhao Hai also discovered that the mood of these people were quite gloomy, their expressions pale . They were actually very anxious, it can be seen from their faces how much they valued the Tree of Life .



Zhao Hai stared at this development before going inside the Great Hall . Inside, the Queen wasn’t on her throne, instead, she stood right by the 9th rank Elders of the Elven Race . Zhao Hai hasn’t seen these people before, it seems like they were the strong and elderly people in the race . What made Zhao Hai quite happy about these people was that some of them were very close to breaking through to God-rank .

However, Zhao Hai also discovered that the mood of these people were quite gloomy, their expressions pale . They were actually very anxious, it can be seen from their faces how much they valued the Tree of Life .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown, if these elders maintained this kind of mindset, then they would find it impossible to break through to God-rank . It looks like the matter of the Tree of Life needed to be solved as soon as possible .

Upon seeing Zhao Hai arrive, the Queen immediately welcomed him . With an anxious expression she said, “Mister, you came . We agree to Mister’s request . Mister, please follow me quickly, please save the Tree of Life . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Queen, he couldn’t help but be curious as he asked, “Your Majesty, did something drastic happen?”

The Queen looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Mister, just this morning, two of the tree’s leaves have withered . Time doesn’t allow us to wait . ”

Zhao Hai gawked, in just two days, two of the leaves had wilted . If they couldn’t cure the tree in the following days, then it might certainly die . Losing the Tree of Life would be an extremely huge hit towards the Elven Race .

Zhao Hai immediately replied, “Alright, please take me over there . I’ll cure the Tree of Life as soon as possible . ”

The Queen nodded, then she walked towards the Palace’s back courtyard and sat on a voiceless soundbird before flying up . Today, she didn’t prepare a mount for Zhao Hai . She knew that with Zhao Hai’s strength, there would be no need for him to ride a mount . Moreover, Zhao Hai wasn’t the only one who wouldn’t need a mount . The 9th rank Elders were also going with them so see the tree .

 Chapter 747 Anxious Elves Zhao Hai was calmly walking on the Space s grassland . After the Space absorbed the wind bead, a breeze would blow here once in a while . This made the Space much more comfortable to be in, allowing Zhao Hai to relax more . The Divine Race and the Demon Race were two colossal mountains that weighed down on Zhao Hai s shoulders . Majority of his time was consumed in thinking about how to fight the two . This thought tightened his heart, not allowing him time to relax, making him feel very tired . As he slowly walked around, Zhao Hai had unexpectedly arrived by the Processing machine . While looking at the timer, Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh . He was very happy about acquiring a treasure, but behind such a treasure was a powerful enemy . This gave Zhao Hai an even bigger headache, much bigger compared to the Divine Race . Zhao Hai gently rubbed his temples, everything was quite rocky at this point . Things kept coming one after the other, it s very exhausting . However, these matters needed to be dealt with, no matter how troublesome they were . Zhao Hai couldn t help but give out another sigh as he looked back at the beating timer . In less than two days, the soul eating pagoda would have been finished in its upgrade . To be honest, Zhao Hai liked the ability of the pagoda . As long as the tiny pagoda levels up, then perhaps he might be able to get a better method in upgrading the undead . Moreover, through this tiny pagoda, Zhao Hai would be able to understand more about the immortal cultivator, this would allow him ample materials to prepare for . After having a walk on the surroundings, Zhao Hai managed to relax his mood quite a bit, then he proceeded to return to the villa s living room . Laura and the others were also done with their chores and were now currently sitting in the living room, looking at the monitor . The monitor was currently showing the Radiant Empire . At this moment, the Divine Race had already seized the whole Empire . Moreover, they had also established protective shields in the various major cities while building military barracks inside them . After seeing these barracks, Zhao Hai finally understood why the Divine Race decided to bring such bulky magic cannons . The cannons were already placed on the city walls, manned by several soldiers . It seems like the cannons were to be used as the city s defensive weapons . After noticing that Zhao Hai had come back, Laura and the others quickly stood up . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, you re back . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I just went on a short stroll to relax . Are done How was it Laura nodded and said, The transportation is on track . The nations already knew how to coordinate, so we re quite relaxed this time . Zhao Hai smiled and said, That s good, don t tire yourself too much . Now we re waiting for the Elves to finish their discussion . If they decide to allow the Tree of Life into the Space, then the Space might level up . Let s just see where their decision takes us . Laura gave a faint smile and said, Of course they ll agree . If they don t then they could only helplessly look at the Tree of Life as it slowly dies . The Elves couldn t bear such a sight . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to the Divine Race barracks, he sighed and said, I m afraid that this is only a part of the Divine Race army . I have a feeling that there ll be more of them coming . If our strengths aren t promoted when that time comes, then I m afraid we won t be able to stop the Divine Race s attack . When they heard Zhao Hai, Laura and the others couldn t help but turn silent . The attacks made by the Divine Race in the past two confrontations could be said to be fairly non violent, and the number of attackers wasn t that large . It seems like the Divine Race were still focused on their barracks . From what Zhao Hai could see, although the barracks has been set up, they also look completely empty, they weren t filled up . This might not be strange, after all, the Radiant Empire had about 100 million citizens while the Divine Race army only numbered 10 million . However, seeing that they can t fill the cities, the Divine Race still decided to construct their barracks . The only explanation to this was that they were preparing for the arrival of more armies in the future . In this regard, one could say that the Divine Race were stronger than the Demons . Although the Demons had prepared to invade the Ark Continent for a long time, they were quite behind in preparation compared to the Divine Race . The Divine Race had the Radiant Church to aid them, and also the Radiant Empire for sacrifices, allowing them to change the laws of the Ark Continent . Now, the Divine Race already had their own place to settle in, unlike the Demons who needed to construct their own city . Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, Big Brother Hai, if the Divine Race and Demons decided to attack at the same time, what do we do Zhao Hai knit his eyebrows and said, Then we can only retreat and fall back to the Accra Mountains . There, we would be able to block both the Demons and the Divine Race . As long as we stop them for quite some time, I believe that their cooperation would start to crumble . Laura nodded and said, This was our previous plan, however, we still underestimated the Divine Race and the Demons . We originally wanted to have the fight happen in the Buddha Empire, but now it seem like that won t be the case . Zhao Hai nodded and said, If the Demons and the Divine Race keep on increasing their numbers, then we could only fall back to the Accra Mountains and defend on both fronts . However, we must drag the current situation for as long as we can . The Accra Mountain needs to have more time to prepare . Laura nodded, then she said, Brother Hai, how about we give some blood lightning beads to father Maybe he can find ways in order to improve it . Zhao Hai shook his head, No, the blood lightning bead is extremely dangerous, it wouldn t be good if father gets injured . Having the blood lightning beads in the hands of the Elves is enough . What we need to do is to promote their strength as soon as possible . Speaking of which, I need to bring some spatial water out into the city . We ll strengthen the soldiers first . Laura and the others nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at the situation back in the city . Everything was very normal, after all, a fight just happened . Everyone was very tired and has been resting . Lizzy turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, Big Brother Hai, you should take a rest as well . You can go out after you wake up . This would also allow the soldiers to have proper rest . After seeing the situation of the soldiers, Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, everyone should also get some rest . I m afraid the Divine Race would make another move in the following days . Laura and the others were also quite tired in the past few days . Battles were happening one after another . Although Laura s group weren t involved in the fighting, their logistics work was more troublesome and exhausting . They haven t rested well for a long time, so they needed this time to recover . The next morning, Zhao Hai got up early and prepared a massive amount of spatial water before going out of the Space . At this time, the entire mountain was much livelier than before . After the battle, the people were extremely tired . But at the same time, they also felt excitement they never felt before . They were too tired yesterday, so they immediately went to rest . Now that they had recovered, their vigor flared up, excited conversations began to bubble up in every part of the city . After arriving at the city lord s mansion, Zhao Hai immediately called the leaders of the various groups and gave them some spatial water . Moreover, he also told them that in the next two days, they wouldn t need to fight, they needed to focus on improving their strength . Naturally, the leaders of the groups became very happy . They had been waiting for this day . Even if they were the most elite troops of their respective armies, 8th ranks were still quite rare among them . Having this opportunity to reach that rank would make anyone very happy . After having distributed the spatial water, Zhao Hai received a message from the Elf Queen . They had agreed to Zhao Hai s conditions . This made Zhao Hai stare, he didn t think that the Elves would reach a decision in such a short time . However, he still made his way to the Elves Royal palace . After arriving at the palace, Zhao Hai discovered that the atmosphere was not quite right . Although the ordinary guards didn t know about the problem, the 9th rank supreme elders of the race were all inside the palace . This made the atmosphere inside the Great Hall very hard to breath in . Zhao Hai stared at this development before going inside the Great Hall . Inside, the Queen wasn t on her throne, instead, she stood right by the 9th rank Elders of the Elven Race . Zhao Hai hasn t seen these people before, it seems like they were the strong and elderly people in the race . What made Zhao Hai quite happy about these people was that some of them were very close to breaking through to God rank . However, Zhao Hai also discovered that the mood of these people were quite gloomy, their expressions pale . They were actually very anxious, it can be seen from their faces how much they valued the Tree of Life . Zhao Hai couldn t help but frown, if these elders maintained this kind of mindset, then they would find it impossible to break through to God rank . It looks like the matter of the Tree of Life needed to be solved as soon as possible . Upon seeing Zhao Hai arrive, the Queen immediately welcomed him . With an anxious expression she said, Mister, you came . We agree to Mister s request . Mister, please follow me quickly, please save the Tree of Life . Zhao Hai looked at the Queen, he couldn t help but be curious as he asked, Your Majesty, did something drastic happen The Queen looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, Mister, just this morning, two of the tree s leaves have withered . Time doesn t allow us to wait . Zhao Hai gawked, in just two days, two of the leaves had wilted . If they couldn t cure the tree in the following days, then it might certainly die . Losing the Tree of Life would be an extremely huge hit towards the Elven Race . Zhao Hai immediately replied, Alright, please take me over there . I ll cure the Tree of Life as soon as possible . The Queen nodded, then she walked towards the Palace s back courtyard and sat on a voiceless soundbird before flying up . Today, she didn t prepare a mount for Zhao Hai . She knew that with Zhao Hai s strength, there would be no need for him to ride a mount . Moreover, Zhao Hai wasn t the only one who wouldn t need a mount . The 9th rank Elders were also going with them so see the tree .





* * *





Chapter 748 – Unlocked, Magic Background

When Zhao Hai arrived by the Tree of Life, he could clearly see how worse it had become . Yesterday, only a single leaf had turned yellow . But now, there were two leaves . Although they had yet to fall from the tree, one could see that they were already dead, without any life .

Zhao Hai slowly walked over to the Tree of Life, carefully investigating it . The tree wasn’t showing any defects, it was still beautiful . However, the two dead leaves had taken away some of the tree’s elegance .

The Queen and the elders were nervously looking at Zhao Hai . They were afraid that Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to cure the tree . If that were the case, then the Elven Race would be in deep trouble .

Actually, Zhao Hai wanted to see how long the roots of the Tree of Life were . He wanted to collect the tree without damaging the roots . After watching for a while, Zhao Hai discovered something special . Zhao Hai thought that the Tree of Life was being parasitic towards the large tree . Now that he had taken a closer look, this didn’t seem to the the case at all . The tree of life was actually growing inside the small pond, there was no connection between it and the large tree . It can be said that the Tree of Life was floating on water .

This discovery made Zhao Hai surprised . He didn’t think that this would be the case . But this also made him more relaxed in gathering the tree .

Zhao Hai turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, I’ll be taking the Tree of Life . I will have information by tomorrow . Does Your Majesty agree?”

The Elf Queen turned to look at the 9th rank elders who proceeded to nod their heads . The Tree of Life was just too important to the Elven Race, and Zhao Hai was their final hope . If Zhao Hai couldn’t treat the tree, then nobody in the continent could .





The reason why these people had confidence in Zhao Hai was because he already managed to help them fix their Divine Artifact, the Elven Bow . For the Elves, the Elven Bow and the Tree of Life held the same importance . It was because of this that the Elves decided to trust Zhao Hai .

Seeing the elders nod, the Queen turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, please continue . We agree . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand, making a spatial rift appear and cover the Tree of Life . The Elves looked with worry at the appearance of the spatial rift . They were afraid that the rift would wound the Tree of Life .

Fortunately, Zhao Hai was now very skillful in controlling his spatial rifts . The rift slowly slid down the sides of the pool, never touching the Tree of Life . The rift also brought the water from the pool into the Space .

After transporting the Tree of Life as well as the liquid of life over to the Space, Zhao Hai let out a long breath . Then he turned his head to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, I will surely find a way to cure the Tree of Life . I’ll see you at the Palace tomorrow . ” Then Zhao Hai’s figure vanished as he returned to the Space .

After arriving at the Space, Zhao Hai immediately took the Tree of Life out of the warehouse and placed it in the space’s pool . Just as the Tree of Life appeared, the Space immediately issued a prompt . “Pollution detected in item full of wood element . Treatment of the lifeform would need 1 million gold coins from the host . ”

When Zhao Hai heard the prompt, he immediately became happy before he was met with grief . He was glad that the Tree of Life can be cured, and was sad because he would need to fork out a million gold coins in order to do so .

However, Zhao Hai still didn’t delay as he said, “Immediately start the treatment . ”

A white light suddenly shone from the Space and covered the Tree of Life . The previous yellow leaves of the tree started to turn back into green . Moreover, the leaves have become more vibrant compared to before .





A white light suddenly shone from the Space and covered the Tree of Life . The previous yellow leaves of the tree started to turn back into green . Moreover, the leaves have become more vibrant compared to before .

Before long, the white light vanished as the Tree of Life went back to its healthy state . Moreover, it looked more healthy compared to before . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but let out a long breath after seeing the result .

At this time, another prompt came from the Space, “Discovered massive amounts of dark energy from the lifeform . Increasing its resistance to dark energy . Dark energy has been withdrawn, may be used by the Processing Machine in order to upgrade itself . Wood element energy inside the Space has been increased . Five element requirement has been met . Host may use the power of the five elements in order to upgrade his Life Treasure Dao Lotus . ”

Since this was a good thing, Zhao Hai quickly said, “Upgrade it immediately . ”

Then another prompt came, “Upgrading Processing Machine, time required, 12 hours . Upgrade to host’s treasure can be done immediately, gold coins are not needed . ”

Zhao Hai gave an affirmative nod and said, “Do it . ” Then just as his voice fell, a five colored light suddenly fell into his body . Zhao Hai could vaguely feel the five colored light penetrate his body . After going around his body two times, the light entered his middle dantian and into the lotus . After the lotus absorbed the light, it looked even more beautiful . Zhao Hai knew that its beauty and delicateness was an illusion . The strength of the Dao Lotus right now was equal to the tiny pagoda, it might even be stronger .

What made Zhao Hai most surprised was the core in his lower dantian . It seems like it had also benefited from the five elements . It became golden yellow and had gotten bigger . On its top was a golden dragon . This wasn’t the same dragon as the ones in the Ark Continent, instead, it was a chinese dragon . The small dragon was on top of the core, eyes closed, as if it was sleeping .

On the other hand, the small man on Zhao Hai’s dantian had become more solidified . This startled Zhao Hai since he can also feel his spiritual strength increase . Moreover, his sense of the heavens and the earth had become more distinct .

Zhao Hai turned his head to look at the Processing Machine . It seems like there wasn’t much change aside from the timer that counted down from 12 hours .





Zhao Hai turned his head to look at the Processing Machine . It seems like there wasn’t much change aside from the timer that counted down from 12 hours .

At this time, Laura and the others arrived outside of the villa, curiously looking at the Tree of Life . Cai’er has also flown to Zhao Hai’s side . At this time, Zhao Hai discovered that Cai’er’s height had doubled . She was now as tall as a grown man’s arm .

Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, did the Tree of Life give you this much benefit?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, I gained so much . Not only did it benefit me, the Tree of LIfe also influenced the plants in the Space . If the Tree of Life stays inside the Pace, then it can slowly upgrade the plants inside, giving it consciousness . When that time comes, they would be no different to the Flower Demons . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately said, “Then can the Tree of Life develop sentience?”

Cai’er shook her head and said, “It can’t . The Tree of Life is just like an energy converter . It can convert all types of energy into wood element energy . If it lives inside the Space, not only could it let the plants grow better, it can also produce wood element crystal stones . In the past, the Tree of Life couldn’t convert dark energy, but after going through the Space, it would be able to . Young Master, I suspect that your tiny pagoda and Dao Lotus has the same ability . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the Tree of Life and couldn’t help but smile bitterly, “It’s a pity that we need to return the Tree of Life back to the Elves . We can’t keep it in the Space . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, did you forget? The Tree of Life can now be purchased in the Space’s shop . You can buy a sapling and then wait for it to grow up . ”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “But we would need to wait for many years . This Tree of Life that the Elves grew took many years in order to reach this state . I’m afraid that by the time it grows up, I may have been dead for way too long . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, you don’t know this but the Tree of Life is just unsuitable to be grown in the Elves’ forest . The land there didn’t have the requirements to grow a healthy Tree of Life . Because of this, their Tree of Life can only be considered as an extremely malnourished plant . This explains why it is this small . On the other hand, the Space is very suitable for growing the tree . This will cut a huge chunk of time for it to grow . Moreover, it would be much healthier compared to this one . ’



Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “But we would need to wait for many years . This Tree of Life that the Elves grew took many years in order to reach this state . I’m afraid that by the time it grows up, I may have been dead for way too long . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, you don’t know this but the Tree of Life is just unsuitable to be grown in the Elves’ forest . The land there didn’t have the requirements to grow a healthy Tree of Life . Because of this, their Tree of Life can only be considered as an extremely malnourished plant . This explains why it is this small . On the other hand, the Space is very suitable for growing the tree . This will cut a huge chunk of time for it to grow . Moreover, it would be much healthier compared to this one . ’

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh in glee, “Then we’ll wait . Immediately buy two saplings . Where do you think we’ll plant them? Do we need to grow them on the Farming Ground?”

Cai’er gave a smile, “There’s no need . Placing them on both sides of the Villa would be fine . The Tree of Life is not only an energy converter, it can also keep the energies stable . It will make the five elements in the Space more balanced . ”

After she said that, Cai’er planted two Tree of Life saplings by the side of the villa . Zhao Hai was happy after seeing the two saplings . These two saplings weren’t any smaller than the Elves’ Tree of Life . It seems like the Elves’ Tree of Life was indeed undernourished .

After buying the two seedlings, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, “Energy stabilizing plants detected . Introduction of the plant has fulfilled the upgrade condition . Space has been upgraded to level 70 . Host can now buy ten more backgrounds . Ample magic energy detected in the Space, unlocked a new type of background . Magic type background can now be purchased . ”

“Hint: There are a lot of special environments in Magic-type backgrounds . In these environments, the host can cultivate more exotic magical plants and animals . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare blankly after listening to the Space . This was the first time that he had heard of this type prompt . He didn’t understand what was happening, so he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, what’s happening?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Congratulations, Young Master . You’ve gained a lot this time . The Space has unlocked the Magic backgrounds for our use . In other words, the Young Master can now purchase backgrounds commonly seen in magical worlds . For example, floating islands, mystical mountains, and some extreme terrains . These places would supply the proper environment for special plants and animals to grow in . ”

 Chapter 748 Unlocked, Magic Background When Zhao Hai arrived by the Tree of Life, he could clearly see how worse it had become . Yesterday, only a single leaf had turned yellow . But now, there were two leaves . Although they had yet to fall from the tree, one could see that they were already dead, without any life . Zhao Hai slowly walked over to the Tree of Life, carefully investigating it . The tree wasn t showing any defects, it was still beautiful . However, the two dead leaves had taken away some of the tree s elegance . The Queen and the elders were nervously looking at Zhao Hai . They were afraid that Zhao Hai wouldn t be able to cure the tree . If that were the case, then the Elven Race would be in deep trouble . Actually, Zhao Hai wanted to see how long the roots of the Tree of Life were . He wanted to collect the tree without damaging the roots . After watching for a while, Zhao Hai discovered something special . Zhao Hai thought that the Tree of Life was being parasitic towards the large tree . Now that he had taken a closer look, this didn t seem to the the case at all . The tree of life was actually growing inside the small pond, there was no connection between it and the large tree . It can be said that the Tree of Life was floating on water . This discovery made Zhao Hai surprised . He didn t think that this would be the case . But this also made him more relaxed in gathering the tree . Zhao Hai turned to the Queen and said, Your Majesty, I ll be taking the Tree of Life . I will have information by tomorrow . Does Your Majesty agree The Elf Queen turned to look at the 9th rank elders who proceeded to nod their heads . The Tree of Life was just too important to the Elven Race, and Zhao Hai was their final hope . If Zhao Hai couldn t treat the tree, then nobody in the continent could . The reason why these people had confidence in Zhao Hai was because he already managed to help them fix their Divine Artifact, the Elven Bow . For the Elves, the Elven Bow and the Tree of Life held the same importance . It was because of this that the Elves decided to trust Zhao Hai . Seeing the elders nod, the Queen turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, Mister, please continue . We agree . Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand, making a spatial rift appear and cover the Tree of Life . The Elves looked with worry at the appearance of the spatial rift . They were afraid that the rift would wound the Tree of Life . Fortunately, Zhao Hai was now very skillful in controlling his spatial rifts . The rift slowly slid down the sides of the pool, never touching the Tree of Life . The rift also brought the water from the pool into the Space . After transporting the Tree of Life as well as the liquid of life over to the Space, Zhao Hai let out a long breath . Then he turned his head to the Queen and said, Your Majesty, I will surely find a way to cure the Tree of Life . I ll see you at the Palace tomorrow . Then Zhao Hai s figure vanished as he returned to the Space . After arriving at the Space, Zhao Hai immediately took the Tree of Life out of the warehouse and placed it in the space s pool . Just as the Tree of Life appeared, the Space immediately issued a prompt . Pollution detected in item full of wood element . Treatment of the lifeform would need 1 million gold coins from the host . When Zhao Hai heard the prompt, he immediately became happy before he was met with grief . He was glad that the Tree of Life can be cured, and was sad because he would need to fork out a million gold coins in order to do so . However, Zhao Hai still didn t delay as he said, Immediately start the treatment . A white light suddenly shone from the Space and covered the Tree of Life . The previous yellow leaves of the tree started to turn back into green . Moreover, the leaves have become more vibrant compared to before . Before long, the white light vanished as the Tree of Life went back to its healthy state . Moreover, it looked more healthy compared to before . Zhao Hai couldn t help but let out a long breath after seeing the result . At this time, another prompt came from the Space, Discovered massive amounts of dark energy from the lifeform . Increasing its resistance to dark energy . Dark energy has been withdrawn, may be used by the Processing Machine in order to upgrade itself . Wood element energy inside the Space has been increased . Five element requirement has been met . Host may use the power of the five elements in order to upgrade his Life Treasure Dao Lotus . Since this was a good thing, Zhao Hai quickly said, Upgrade it immediately . Then another prompt came, Upgrading Processing Machine, time required, 12 hours . Upgrade to host s treasure can be done immediately, gold coins are not needed . Zhao Hai gave an affirmative nod and said, Do it . Then just as his voice fell, a five colored light suddenly fell into his body . Zhao Hai could vaguely feel the five colored light penetrate his body . After going around his body two times, the light entered his middle dantian and into the lotus . After the lotus absorbed the light, it looked even more beautiful . Zhao Hai knew that its beauty and delicateness was an illusion . The strength of the Dao Lotus right now was equal to the tiny pagoda, it might even be stronger . What made Zhao Hai most surprised was the core in his lower dantian . It seems like it had also benefited from the five elements . It became golden yellow and had gotten bigger . On its top was a golden dragon . This wasn t the same dragon as the ones in the Ark Continent, instead, it was a chinese dragon . The small dragon was on top of the core, eyes closed, as if it was sleeping . On the other hand, the small man on Zhao Hai s dantian had become more solidified . This startled Zhao Hai since he can also feel his spiritual strength increase . Moreover, his sense of the heavens and the earth had become more distinct . Zhao Hai turned his head to look at the Processing Machine . It seems like there wasn t much change aside from the timer that counted down from 12 hours . At this time, Laura and the others arrived outside of the villa, curiously looking at the Tree of Life . Cai er has also flown to Zhao Hai s side . At this time, Zhao Hai discovered that Cai er s height had doubled . She was now as tall as a grown man s arm . Zhao Hai looked at Cai er and said, Cai er, did the Tree of Life give you this much benefit Cai er smiled and said, Young Master, I gained so much . Not only did it benefit me, the Tree of LIfe also influenced the plants in the Space . If the Tree of Life stays inside the Pace, then it can slowly upgrade the plants inside, giving it consciousness . When that time comes, they would be no different to the Flower Demons . Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately said, Then can the Tree of Life develop sentience Cai er shook her head and said, It can t . The Tree of Life is just like an energy converter . It can convert all types of energy into wood element energy . If it lives inside the Space, not only could it let the plants grow better, it can also produce wood element crystal stones . In the past, the Tree of Life couldn t convert dark energy, but after going through the Space, it would be able to . Young Master, I suspect that your tiny pagoda and Dao Lotus has the same ability . Zhao Hai looked at the Tree of Life and couldn t help but smile bitterly, It s a pity that we need to return the Tree of Life back to the Elves . We can t keep it in the Space . Cai er smiled and said, Young Master, did you forget The Tree of Life can now be purchased in the Space s shop . You can buy a sapling and then wait for it to grow up . Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, But we would need to wait for many years . This Tree of Life that the Elves grew took many years in order to reach this state . I m afraid that by the time it grows up, I may have been dead for way too long . Cai er smiled and said, Young Master, you don t know this but the Tree of Life is just unsuitable to be grown in the Elves forest . The land there didn t have the requirements to grow a healthy Tree of Life . Because of this, their Tree of Life can only be considered as an extremely malnourished plant . This explains why it is this small . On the other hand, the Space is very suitable for growing the tree . This will cut a huge chunk of time for it to grow . Moreover, it would be much healthier compared to this one . Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh in glee, Then we ll wait . Immediately buy two saplings . Where do you think we ll plant them Do we need to grow them on the Farming Ground Cai er gave a smile, There s no need . Placing them on both sides of the Villa would be fine . The Tree of Life is not only an energy converter, it can also keep the energies stable . It will make the five elements in the Space more balanced . After she said that, Cai er planted two Tree of Life saplings by the side of the villa . Zhao Hai was happy after seeing the two saplings . These two saplings weren t any smaller than the Elves Tree of Life . It seems like the Elves Tree of Life was indeed undernourished . After buying the two seedlings, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, Energy stabilizing plants detected . Introduction of the plant has fulfilled the upgrade condition . Space has been upgraded to level 70 . Host can now buy ten more backgrounds . Ample magic energy detected in the Space, unlocked a new type of background . Magic type background can now be purchased . Hint There are a lot of special environments in Magic type backgrounds . In these environments, the host can cultivate more exotic magical plants and animals . Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare blankly after listening to the Space . This was the first time that he had heard of this type prompt . He didn t understand what was happening, so he turned to Cai er and said, Cai er, what s happening Cai er smiled and said, Congratulations, Young Master . You ve gained a lot this time . The Space has unlocked the Magic backgrounds for our use . In other words, the Young Master can now purchase backgrounds commonly seen in magical worlds . For example, floating islands, mystical mountains, and some extreme terrains . These places would supply the proper environment for special plants and animals to grow in .





* * *





Chapter 749 – The Usage of the Magic Background

Upon hearing Cai’er, Zhao Hai understood . When Zhao Hai was still back on Earth, he had read some magic novels . Therefore, he knew that in these types of special environments treasures would thrive .

Although there were a lot of plants and animals in the Space, they weren’t that special . As for the treasures in the Ark Continent, there really weren’t much to begin with .

Compounding potions in the Space needed special materials . Ginseng, fo-ti, and other materials needed special environments in order to be grown efficiently . It was because of these limitations that the God-rank potion took a long time to make .

Just as what the prompt said, Zhao Hai can now purchase magic world backgrounds . For example, he can now buy a volcanic environment, a very hot place, but will be safe enough that the volcano would never erupt . In this place, herbs would be infused with fire element constantly, becoming treasures as time passes .

Moreover, these backgrounds can also be used to rear magic beasts . If a snake were to be placed in an environment with the same conditions as the Carrion Swamp, then that snake would eventually produce deadly poisons .

In the past, there was no such environment in the Space . Now that the magic backgrounds were unlocked, plants and animals can now be placed in special environments for controlled growth . In the future, herbs would be more readily available in the Space, this was also true for magic beasts . This will in turn cause potions to be more abundant .





After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh . He couldn’t stop himself from grabbing Cai’er and kissing her on her small tender face .

Zhao Hai’s action made Cai’er turn red, causing her to hide her reddened face from Laura and the others in embarrassment . Although Laura and the others couldn’t understand why Zhao Hai became overwhelmingly glad, Zhao Hai being in this state also made them happy . They couldn’t help but chuckle while looking at Zhao Hai’s actions .

After some time, Zhao Hai calmed down, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, are these backgrounds expensive? If they aren’t, then immediately buy ten . Just remember to pick the environments properly according to our needs . ”

Cai’er’s face was still flushed, but when she heard Zhao Hai, she quickly replied, “Young Master, feel relieved, they aren’t very expensive . Our gold coins are enough to buy ten of them . I’ll arrange it immediately . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s great . I’ll hand this matter over to you . If we have these backgrounds, will our production of God-rank potions increase?”

Cai’er nodded and said, “Yes, Young Master . As long as we have magic beasts and plants in these backgrounds, we should be able to make God-rank potions more frequently . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, but suddenly he frowned as he said, “These backgrounds don’t have Farming Grounds that can shorten growth time . This is quite problematic . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “It won’t be . Young Master, now that the Space has levelled up to 70, you can now turn red clay into fertile soil . Not only could it increase yield, it can also make growth faster . And in those backgrounds, you can select some specific places where you can cultivate some plants . The land that can be transformed is limited to 1 percent of the total land area, however, I think that should still suffice . ”





Cai’er smiled and said, “It won’t be . Young Master, now that the Space has levelled up to 70, you can now turn red clay into fertile soil . Not only could it increase yield, it can also make growth faster . And in those backgrounds, you can select some specific places where you can cultivate some plants . The land that can be transformed is limited to 1 percent of the total land area, however, I think that should still suffice . ”

Zhao Hai became happy with this news, “Good, good . Then I’ll leave it to you to pick the spots, I don’t want to pick them myself . However, I’m certain that these would cost some money . Cai’er, look into our gold coins, if its not enough, then look at the things inside the Space that we won’t need in the near future and then sell them . These upgrades are more important to us, the rest are relatively worthless . ”

Cai’er nodded . Zhao Hai’s choice to give this task to Cai’er was the right decision . This was because Cai’er was linked to the Space, so she knew every single change that happened inside it . And with the Space’s speed of calculation, Cai’er would be the most fit person to handle this task .

After arranging these, Zhao Hai felt relieved . Then he turned to look at the Tree of Life that had been healed and the Tree of Life saplings that looked healthier . Then he turned to the others and said, “I’ll have to send this back to the Elves . In any case, we already have our own inside the Space . ”

Laura smiled and said, “Wait for some time, it hasn’t been too long . Let the Elves wait, hehe, its great looking at their worried faces . ”

Zhao Hai laughed, “Alright, then let’s return to the living room and rest for a while . We gained greatly today . Let’s a;sp take a look at the magic world backgrounds that Cai’er had bought . ”

After the group returned to the living room and sat down, Cai’er opened the store page and showed a decorated display . The difference from before was that the magic world column was now unlocked .

Cai’er picked ten designs, some of them beautiful while there was one with a gloomy and terrible aura . Then Cai’er turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, at this point, these ten backgrounds are the most suited to our cause . ”





Cai’er picked ten designs, some of them beautiful while there was one with a gloomy and terrible aura . Then Cai’er turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, at this point, these ten backgrounds are the most suited to our cause . ”

Zhao Hai looked at the backgrounds, the volcanic environment that he had thought of before was among them . There was also an environment filled with ice and snow, among other unique environments . Zhao Hai was quite satisfied with the choices . What Zhao Hai didn’t understand was the gloomy environment . You can even see skeletons, zombies, and other ghosts inside it . Moreover, there was no sun, the only thing on the sky was a round blood red moon . One could describe hell and this would be what they would show .

Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, why choose this background? It looks quite terrible . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, this background is actually a replica of the Demon Realm . But this isn’t really the Demon Realm, this background is called Hell . It has strong dark energy inside, something very helpful for the undead . Young Master should remember that our undead aren’t too strong . If we can place them in this background, then it is possible for them to be promoted . Moreover, there are also plants that thrive in this kind of place, and they are of great value . These are the reasons why I chose to get this background . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “You’ve been very careful, good, I’ll trust your decision . Do what you need to do . Even the possibility of promoting the undead is a great investment to make . ”

Cai’er nodded with a smile, then she waved her hand as she bought all of the backgrounds . Zhao Hai didn’t give much care as he saw the amount of his gold coins drop drastically . He thinks that these gold coins were placed in worthwhile investments .

After Cai’er bought the backgrounds, Zhao Hai went on and explored them . Every background was visited, he looked like a tourist strolling a new place .

On the other hand, Cai’er was busy placing plants and magic beasts in each of the backgrounds . She didn’t only plant herbal ingredients, she cultivated some agricultural crops as well . Cai’er decided to plant them in the backgrounds to see how they would develop .

At the same time, Cai’er also planted a Tree of Life on each background . Although the Trees of Life can balance energies, its capabilities weren’t that omnipotent . In the background named Hell, for example, the Tree of Life couldn’t just absorb every dark energy inside and transform the background into a normal one . Instead, the Tree of Life would only convert some dark energy into wood energy in order to aid the growth of the plants inside .



On the other hand, Cai’er was busy placing plants and magic beasts in each of the backgrounds . She didn’t only plant herbal ingredients, she cultivated some agricultural crops as well . Cai’er decided to plant them in the backgrounds to see how they would develop .

At the same time, Cai’er also planted a Tree of Life on each background . Although the Trees of Life can balance energies, its capabilities weren’t that omnipotent . In the background named Hell, for example, the Tree of Life couldn’t just absorb every dark energy inside and transform the background into a normal one . Instead, the Tree of Life would only convert some dark energy into wood energy in order to aid the growth of the plants inside .

Zhao Hai didn’t bother Cai’er with her job, he was fully confident in her capabilities . It can be said that the one who knew the most about Zhao Hai wasn’t Laura, but Cai’er instead . Cai’er was combined with the Space while Zhao Hai was the host, one could say that Cai’er was Zhao Hai’s version of Artificial Intelligence that some novel protagonists would have . Since the Space was inside his mind, and Cai’er was connected to it, Cai’er was able to know what Zhao Hai needed .

After exploring the backgrounds, Zhao Hai returned to the Villa . To be honest, even if the backgrounds were beautiful, they still weren’t great places to live in . Think about it, do you want to live next to a volcano? Obviously that would be impossible .

It was still early, so Zhao Hai wasn’t anxious in returning to the Elves . Instead, he turned the monitor on and looked at the situation back in Upper Bank City .

The present situation of the city was quite good . There were plenty of 6 and 7th ranks that rose to 8th rank . Some still had low levels and were working hard . Those who had become 8th rank were now sporting happy expressions while they were getting familiar with their newly gained strength .

Zhao Hai likes to see this situation, but he still needed to wait before everyone gets to 8th rank before he begins to distribute the 9th rank potion . He wanted to promote them in batches, so even if the Divine Race attacks, there would still be people who’ll be available for battle .

It was wartime, anything was possible . Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to be prepared for anything .

For the Divine Race to not make any further moves only meant that they were waiting . When their larger army arrives, then they would proceed to deal with Zhao Hai in one fell swoop . At this point, they have nearly 10 million troops . However, not all of them were God-ranks, 9th and 8th ranks still account for the majority . On the other hand, Zhao Hai had nearly 20 million undead, and majority of them were 9th ranks . If these two clash this instant, then it wouldn’t be good for the Divine Race . Therefore, they decided to wait for reinforcements before they attack once more .

 Chapter 749 The Usage of the Magic Background Upon hearing Cai er, Zhao Hai understood . When Zhao Hai was still back on Earth, he had read some magic novels . Therefore, he knew that in these types of special environments treasures would thrive . Although there were a lot of plants and animals in the Space, they weren t that special . As for the treasures in the Ark Continent, there really weren t much to begin with . Compounding potions in the Space needed special materials . Ginseng, fo ti, and other materials needed special environments in order to be grown efficiently . It was because of these limitations that the God rank potion took a long time to make . Just as what the prompt said, Zhao Hai can now purchase magic world backgrounds . For example, he can now buy a volcanic environment, a very hot place, but will be safe enough that the volcano would never erupt . In this place, herbs would be infused with fire element constantly, becoming treasures as time passes . Moreover, these backgrounds can also be used to rear magic beasts . If a snake were to be placed in an environment with the same conditions as the Carrion Swamp, then that snake would eventually produce deadly poisons . In the past, there was no such environment in the Space . Now that the magic backgrounds were unlocked, plants and animals can now be placed in special environments for controlled growth . In the future, herbs would be more readily available in the Space, this was also true for magic beasts . This will in turn cause potions to be more abundant . After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh . He couldn t stop himself from grabbing Cai er and kissing her on her small tender face . Zhao Hai s action made Cai er turn red, causing her to hide her reddened face from Laura and the others in embarrassment . Although Laura and the others couldn t understand why Zhao Hai became overwhelmingly glad, Zhao Hai being in this state also made them happy . They couldn t help but chuckle while looking at Zhao Hai s actions . After some time, Zhao Hai calmed down, then he turned to Cai er and said, Cai er, are these backgrounds expensive If they aren t, then immediately buy ten . Just remember to pick the environments properly according to our needs . Cai er s face was still flushed, but when she heard Zhao Hai, she quickly replied, Young Master, feel relieved, they aren t very expensive . Our gold coins are enough to buy ten of them . I ll arrange it immediately . Zhao Hai nodded, That s great . I ll hand this matter over to you . If we have these backgrounds, will our production of God rank potions increase Cai er nodded and said, Yes, Young Master . As long as we have magic beasts and plants in these backgrounds, we should be able to make God rank potions more frequently . Zhao Hai nodded, but suddenly he frowned as he said, These backgrounds don t have Farming Grounds that can shorten growth time . This is quite problematic . Cai er smiled and said, It won t be . Young Master, now that the Space has levelled up to 70, you can now turn red clay into fertile soil . Not only could it increase yield, it can also make growth faster . And in those backgrounds, you can select some specific places where you can cultivate some plants . The land that can be transformed is limited to 1 percent of the total land area, however, I think that should still suffice . Zhao Hai became happy with this news, Good, good . Then I ll leave it to you to pick the spots, I don t want to pick them myself . However, I m certain that these would cost some money . Cai er, look into our gold coins, if its not enough, then look at the things inside the Space that we won t need in the near future and then sell them . These upgrades are more important to us, the rest are relatively worthless . Cai er nodded . Zhao Hai s choice to give this task to Cai er was the right decision . This was because Cai er was linked to the Space, so she knew every single change that happened inside it . And with the Space s speed of calculation, Cai er would be the most fit person to handle this task . After arranging these, Zhao Hai felt relieved . Then he turned to look at the Tree of Life that had been healed and the Tree of Life saplings that looked healthier . Then he turned to the others and said, I ll have to send this back to the Elves . In any case, we already have our own inside the Space . Laura smiled and said, Wait for some time, it hasn t been too long . Let the Elves wait, hehe, its great looking at their worried faces . Zhao Hai laughed, Alright, then let s return to the living room and rest for a while . We gained greatly today . Let s a sp take a look at the magic world backgrounds that Cai er had bought . After the group returned to the living room and sat down, Cai er opened the store page and showed a decorated display . The difference from before was that the magic world column was now unlocked . Cai er picked ten designs, some of them beautiful while there was one with a gloomy and terrible aura . Then Cai er turned to Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, at this point, these ten backgrounds are the most suited to our cause . Zhao Hai looked at the backgrounds, the volcanic environment that he had thought of before was among them . There was also an environment filled with ice and snow, among other unique environments . Zhao Hai was quite satisfied with the choices . What Zhao Hai didn t understand was the gloomy environment . You can even see skeletons, zombies, and other ghosts inside it . Moreover, there was no sun, the only thing on the sky was a round blood red moon . One could describe hell and this would be what they would show . Zhao Hai looked at Cai er and said, Cai er, why choose this background It looks quite terrible . Cai er smiled and said, Young Master, this background is actually a replica of the Demon Realm . But this isn t really the Demon Realm, this background is called Hell . It has strong dark energy inside, something very helpful for the undead . Young Master should remember that our undead aren t too strong . If we can place them in this background, then it is possible for them to be promoted . Moreover, there are also plants that thrive in this kind of place, and they are of great value . These are the reasons why I chose to get this background . Zhao Hai nodded and said, You ve been very careful, good, I ll trust your decision . Do what you need to do . Even the possibility of promoting the undead is a great investment to make . Cai er nodded with a smile, then she waved her hand as she bought all of the backgrounds . Zhao Hai didn t give much care as he saw the amount of his gold coins drop drastically . He thinks that these gold coins were placed in worthwhile investments . After Cai er bought the backgrounds, Zhao Hai went on and explored them . Every background was visited, he looked like a tourist strolling a new place . On the other hand, Cai er was busy placing plants and magic beasts in each of the backgrounds . She didn t only plant herbal ingredients, she cultivated some agricultural crops as well . Cai er decided to plant them in the backgrounds to see how they would develop . At the same time, Cai er also planted a Tree of Life on each background . Although the Trees of Life can balance energies, its capabilities weren t that omnipotent . In the background named Hell, for example, the Tree of Life couldn t just absorb every dark energy inside and transform the background into a normal one . Instead, the Tree of Life would only convert some dark energy into wood energy in order to aid the growth of the plants inside . Zhao Hai didn t bother Cai er with her job, he was fully confident in her capabilities . It can be said that the one who knew the most about Zhao Hai wasn t Laura, but Cai er instead . Cai er was combined with the Space while Zhao Hai was the host, one could say that Cai er was Zhao Hai s version of Artificial Intelligence that some novel protagonists would have . Since the Space was inside his mind, and Cai er was connected to it, Cai er was able to know what Zhao Hai needed . After exploring the backgrounds, Zhao Hai returned to the Villa . To be honest, even if the backgrounds were beautiful, they still weren t great places to live in . Think about it, do you want to live next to a volcano Obviously that would be impossible . It was still early, so Zhao Hai wasn t anxious in returning to the Elves . Instead, he turned the monitor on and looked at the situation back in Upper Bank City . The present situation of the city was quite good . There were plenty of 6 and 7th ranks that rose to 8th rank . Some still had low levels and were working hard . Those who had become 8th rank were now sporting happy expressions while they were getting familiar with their newly gained strength . Zhao Hai likes to see this situation, but he still needed to wait before everyone gets to 8th rank before he begins to distribute the 9th rank potion . He wanted to promote them in batches, so even if the Divine Race attacks, there would still be people who ll be available for battle . It was wartime, anything was possible . Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to be prepared for anything . For the Divine Race to not make any further moves only meant that they were waiting . When their larger army arrives, then they would proceed to deal with Zhao Hai in one fell swoop . At this point, they have nearly 10 million troops . However, not all of them were God ranks, 9th and 8th ranks still account for the majority . On the other hand, Zhao Hai had nearly 20 million undead, and majority of them were 9th ranks . If these two clash this instant, then it wouldn t be good for the Divine Race . Therefore, they decided to wait for reinforcements before they attack once more .





* * *


 750: 750

Chapter 750 – Another Prophecy



Zhao Hai calmly walked into the Elves’ Royal Palace . Upon reaching the palace, the guards couldn’t help but look at him in confusion . This was the third time in two days that Zhao Hai came to see the Elves . They didn’t understand why Zhao Hai would come here this frequently . If a huge incident happened in the frontlines, then they should have already heard about it . However, there was no news, they couldn’t help but be puzzled by this .



But they still didn’t dare to ask . This was because the Queen already gave an order to let Zhao Hai in if he ever came . Therefore, the guards politely guided Zhao Hai towards the Great Hall .



The Queen and the Supreme Elders were currently waiting for any news from Zhao Hai . At this time, it would be impossible for the Supreme Elders to resume their cultivation . Their minds wouldn’t be able to calm down as long as the problem with the Tree of Life still persists .



At this time, an elder opened his eyes and said, “He’s here . ”



The people in the Great Hall immediately stood up, anxiously looking at the doors of the Great Hall . Before long, Zhao Hai walked in . The Queen immediately waved her hand, making the guards exit the hall while she and the Elders went forward to welcome Zhao Hai . All of them were looking at him with hopeful expression .



After seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Fortunately, I didn’t embarrass myself . ”



Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Queen and the Supreme Elders couldn’t help but cheer . This matter has been weighing down on their minds the entire time .



The Queen and the others immediately bowed to Zhao Hai . After seeing this, Zhao Hai immediately reacted, “Your Majesty, Elders, you are too polite . We’re allies, your problems are my problems . There’s no need for such gestures . ”



The Queen and the Elders immediately straightened themselves up . The Queen looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, although what you said is true . This gesture is something that you needed to receive . Mister doesn’t understand how important the Tree of Life is to the Elven Race . Mister’s help in reviving the Tree of Life is equal to saving our entire race . We would be impolite if we don’t express our gratitude . ”



Although the Elders didn’t say anything, each one of them were still looking at Zhao Hai with a grateful expression . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, Elders, let’s head to the Tree of Life’s dwelling immediately . I can’t stay here for too long . ”



The Queen immediately replied, “Alright . Mister, follow me . ” Then she led Zhao Hai and the Elders to the back of the Great Hall before she rode on a voiceless soundbird and flew directly to the Tree of Life’s cave .



After arriving inside the cave, Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate as he placed the Tree of Life directly into the pool . Upon seeing that the tree was healthier than before, the Elves couldn’t help but cheer once more .



Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to the Queen, “Your Majesty, the Tree of Life wasn’t sick, but instead it was invaded by a massive amount of dark energy, causing it to slowly wither . I have used a secret method to remove the dark energies . I also used a potion to allow the Tree of Life to be immune to the damages caused by dark energy . However, you still need to pay attention . The Elf Forest isn’t something that would have that much dark element energy . This matter is very strange . ”



After the Queen and the Elders heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but freeze . Then all of them looked at Zhao Hai as the Queen asked, “Mister, are you telling the truth? Was the Tree of Life really invaded by dark energy?”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right . I wouldn’t dare hide this information to Your Majesty . The Tree of Life was really invaded by dark energy, I’m quite assured of this point . ”



The Queen looked at the Elders while the Elders looked at one Elder . Then that Elder gave out a long breath as she said, “I didn’t think that this day would come . ”



Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at the Elders . Seeing Zhao Hai’s confused expression, the Queen gave some context, “Mister, you don’t know this, but the Elves also had our own prophecy . However, our prophecy is different from the Dwarves . This prophecy was written during the time when the first page of our history was being made . However, this prophecy was sealed . Only during a certain encounter would it unlock itself . ”



Zhao Hai stared blankly, he didn’t expect that the Elves would have their own prophecy . As soon as he heard the Queen, he had a faint understanding of the matter . He turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, you mean…?”



The Elf Queen nodded, “Right, only when the Tree of Life gets invaded by dark energy would the prophecy unseal itself . ”



Zhao Hai knit his brows and said, “But if I didn’t treat the Tree of Life, then how would you know that it has been invaded by Dark Energy?”



The Queen replied, “It can still be found out, but it would take a longer time . When the nine leaves of the Tree of Life turn yellow and it starts to turn black, then it would mean that it has been invaded by dark energy . However, we didn’t manage to think about this line since we were too anxious when the leaves of the tree started to turn yellow . Fortunately, Mister has reminded us . Otherwise, we wouldn’t have found out that the dark energy inside the Tree of Life . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Can Your Majesty allow me to take a look at the prophecy?”



The Queen turned to the Elders, all of them gave a nod . Then the Queen turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, come with me . ” Then the group went out of the Tree of Life’s cave and then returned to the Great Hall .



After arriving at the Great Hall, the Queen asked Zhao Hai to take a seat and wait for a moment . Then she went to a room and took out a small wooden box .



The Queen placed the box on a table then gently opened it . What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that there were no seals nor locks on this box . It looked very ordinary and was very easily opened .



On the other hand, when the Elders saw how easily the Queen opened the box, their complexion couldn’t help but change .



After seeing the expressions on the Elders’ face, Zhao Hai knew that something was going on . He looked at the similarly shocked Queen who quickly calmed herself as she looked at Zhao Hai, “Mister, in the past, this box wouldn’t open . We have thought of numerous methods for many years, but we haven’t succeeded . We just wanted to take a look at what the prophecy says . This is because the Tree of LIfe is just too important for our race . Even the previous God-ranked Elves were unable to open this box . And for generations, the Elf Queens would come over each month and try to open the box . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, then the Queen turned to the Elders and said, “I tried to open it two days ago, but was still unable to do so . I didn’t expect that it would open now . ”



Then the Queen carefully opened the box under the stare of everyone in the Great Hall . Since the box still had a huge space inside it, everyone thought that it was empty . However, upon looking closely, everyone became relieved to see a piece of paper on the bottom of the box .



There wasn’t anything wrong with the paper, there was no damage . One should know that this box has been with the Elves since time immemorial . If it was any other paper, it would have rotten a long time ago . However, this paper seemed flawless, it looked at good as new .



The Queen gently took the paper out, revealing the green characters written inside . The Queen looked at the characters and couldn’t help but frown, then she handed the paper over to the closest Supreme Elder .



That Supreme Elder received the paper and slowly read the characters . He couldn’t help but knit his brows as he read it out loud, “When the darkness and light become our enemies, when skeleton and steel fights, and when the heavens and the earth merged, the only person who could save the world will be the one who holds the pure land!”



This prophecy was very short and not as straightforward as the Dwarves, making everyone frown . But when Zhao Hai heard the prophecy, his entire body couldn’t help but tremble . He couldn’t help but admire the person who left the prophecies to the Dwarves and the Elves .



The Elves might not understand the entire prophecy, but Zhao Hai did . In this prophecy, the darkness should refer to the Demons while the light to the Divine Race . In other words, it was when the Demons and the Divine Race became the enemy of the continent . The skeleton and steel should pertain to the undead and the magic cannons . The merging of the heaven and earth should refer to the changing of the laws made by the Divine Race when they descended into the continent . At this time, the only person that can save them would be the one who holds the pure land .



Zhao Hai doesn’t need to think about the last part . The pure land can only mean one thing, the Space!



Aside from the Space, Zhao Hai couldn’t think of any other place that can be called a pure land . Zhao Hai sighed and said, “I think this prophecy is describing the current situation in the Ark Continent . The darkness and light should be the Demons and the Divine Race . The skeletons and steel, to the undead and the magic cannons . But as for the pure land, I am still left unclear . ”



As soon as the Queen heard Zhao Hai, her eyes shone as she said, “Mister is too modest, I think the pure land can only refer to the Black Wasteland . At this time, the wasteland has become the safest place in the entire continent . It should fit the title of pure land . It seems like the prophecy is similar to the Dwarves . In other words, mister will be the continent’s savior!”



Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the Queen would connect the Black Wasteland with the pure land . But it wasn’t that strange, after all, the Queen and the others were clueless about the Space . The only thing they were aware of was Zhao Hai’s ownership of the Black Wasteland .



The Black Wasteland has become a shelter for everyone . Moreover, the Black Wasteland has given favorable conditions everybody no matter what race one was . For the Elves, the Black Wasteland can be titled as a pure land .



However, was the prophecy this simple?



Chapter 750 Another ProphecyZhao Hai calmly walked into the Elves Royal Palace . Upon reaching the palace, the guards couldn t help but look at him in confusion . This was the third time in two days that Zhao Hai came to see the Elves . They didn t understand why Zhao Hai would come here this frequently . If a huge incident happened in the frontlines, then they should have already heard about it . However, there was no news, they couldn t help but be puzzled by this . But they still didn t dare to ask . This was because the Queen already gave an order to let Zhao Hai in if he ever came . Therefore, the guards politely guided Zhao Hai towards the Great Hall . The Queen and the Supreme Elders were currently waiting for any news from Zhao Hai . At this time, it would be impossible for the Supreme Elders to resume their cultivation . Their minds wouldn t be able to calm down as long as the problem with the Tree of Life still persists . At this time, an elder opened his eyes and said, He s here . The people in the Great Hall immediately stood up, anxiously looking at the doors of the Great Hall . Before long, Zhao Hai walked in . The Queen immediately waved her hand, making the guards exit the hall while she and the Elders went forward to welcome Zhao Hai . All of them were looking at him with hopeful expression . After seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Fortunately, I didn t embarrass myself . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Queen and the Supreme Elders couldn t help but cheer . This matter has been weighing down on their minds the entire time . The Queen and the others immediately bowed to Zhao Hai . After seeing this, Zhao Hai immediately reacted, Your Majesty, Elders, you are too polite . We re allies, your problems are my problems . There s no need for such gestures . The Queen and the Elders immediately straightened themselves up . The Queen looked at Zhao Hai and said, Mister, although what you said is true . This gesture is something that you needed to receive . Mister doesn t understand how important the Tree of Life is to the Elven Race . Mister s help in reviving the Tree of Life is equal to saving our entire race . We would be impolite if we don t express our gratitude . Although the Elders didn t say anything, each one of them were still looking at Zhao Hai with a grateful expression . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Your Majesty, Elders, let s head to the Tree of Life s dwelling immediately . I can t stay here for too long . The Queen immediately replied, Alright . Mister, follow me . Then she led Zhao Hai and the Elders to the back of the Great Hall before she rode on a voiceless soundbird and flew directly to the Tree of Life s cave . After arriving inside the cave, Zhao Hai didn t hesitate as he placed the Tree of Life directly into the pool . Upon seeing that the tree was healthier than before, the Elves couldn t help but cheer once more . Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to the Queen, Your Majesty, the Tree of Life wasn t sick, but instead it was invaded by a massive amount of dark energy, causing it to slowly wither . I have used a secret method to remove the dark energies . I also used a potion to allow the Tree of Life to be immune to the damages caused by dark energy . However, you still need to pay attention . The Elf Forest isn t something that would have that much dark element energy . This matter is very strange . After the Queen and the Elders heard Zhao Hai, they couldn t help but freeze . Then all of them looked at Zhao Hai as the Queen asked, Mister, are you telling the truth Was the Tree of Life really invaded by dark energy Zhao Hai nodded and said, Right . I wouldn t dare hide this information to Your Majesty . The Tree of Life was really invaded by dark energy, I m quite assured of this point . The Queen looked at the Elders while the Elders looked at one Elder . Then that Elder gave out a long breath as she said, I didn t think that this day would come . Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare at the Elders . Seeing Zhao Hai s confused expression, the Queen gave some context, Mister, you don t know this, but the Elves also had our own prophecy . However, our prophecy is different from the Dwarves . This prophecy was written during the time when the first page of our history was being made . However, this prophecy was sealed . Only during a certain encounter would it unlock itself . Zhao Hai stared blankly, he didn t expect that the Elves would have their own prophecy . As soon as he heard the Queen, he had a faint understanding of the matter . He turned to the Queen and said, Your Majesty, you mean The Elf Queen nodded, Right, only when the Tree of Life gets invaded by dark energy would the prophecy unseal itself . Zhao Hai knit his brows and said, But if I didn t treat the Tree of Life, then how would you know that it has been invaded by Dark Energy The Queen replied, It can still be found out, but it would take a longer time . When the nine leaves of the Tree of Life turn yellow and it starts to turn black, then it would mean that it has been invaded by dark energy . However, we didn t manage to think about this line since we were too anxious when the leaves of the tree started to turn yellow . Fortunately, Mister has reminded us . Otherwise, we wouldn t have found out that the dark energy inside the Tree of Life . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Can Your Majesty allow me to take a look at the prophecy The Queen turned to the Elders, all of them gave a nod . Then the Queen turned to Zhao Hai and said, Mister, come with me . Then the group went out of the Tree of Life s cave and then returned to the Great Hall . After arriving at the Great Hall, the Queen asked Zhao Hai to take a seat and wait for a moment . Then she went to a room and took out a small wooden box . The Queen placed the box on a table then gently opened it . What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that there were no seals nor locks on this box . It looked very ordinary and was very easily opened . On the other hand, when the Elders saw how easily the Queen opened the box, their complexion couldn t help but change . After seeing the expressions on the Elders face, Zhao Hai knew that something was going on . He looked at the similarly shocked Queen who quickly calmed herself as she looked at Zhao Hai, Mister, in the past, this box wouldn t open . We have thought of numerous methods for many years, but we haven t succeeded . We just wanted to take a look at what the prophecy says . This is because the Tree of LIfe is just too important for our race . Even the previous God ranked Elves were unable to open this box . And for generations, the Elf Queens would come over each month and try to open the box . Zhao Hai nodded, then the Queen turned to the Elders and said, I tried to open it two days ago, but was still unable to do so . I didn t expect that it would open now . Then the Queen carefully opened the box under the stare of everyone in the Great Hall . Since the box still had a huge space inside it, everyone thought that it was empty . However, upon looking closely, everyone became relieved to see a piece of paper on the bottom of the box . There wasn t anything wrong with the paper, there was no damage . One should know that this box has been with the Elves since time immemorial . If it was any other paper, it would have rotten a long time ago . However, this paper seemed flawless, it looked at good as new . The Queen gently took the paper out, revealing the green characters written inside . The Queen looked at the characters and couldn t help but frown, then she handed the paper over to the closest Supreme Elder . That Supreme Elder received the paper and slowly read the characters . He couldn t help but knit his brows as he read it out loud, When the darkness and light become our enemies, when skeleton and steel fights, and when the heavens and the earth merged, the only person who could save the world will be the one who holds the pure land This prophecy was very short and not as straightforward as the Dwarves, making everyone frown . But when Zhao Hai heard the prophecy, his entire body couldn t help but tremble . He couldn t help but admire the person who left the prophecies to the Dwarves and the Elves . The Elves might not understand the entire prophecy, but Zhao Hai did . In this prophecy, the darkness should refer to the Demons while the light to the Divine Race . In other words, it was when the Demons and the Divine Race became the enemy of the continent . The skeleton and steel should pertain to the undead and the magic cannons . The merging of the heaven and earth should refer to the changing of the laws made by the Divine Race when they descended into the continent . At this time, the only person that can save them would be the one who holds the pure land . Zhao Hai doesn t need to think about the last part . The pure land can only mean one thing, the Space Aside from the Space, Zhao Hai couldn t think of any other place that can be called a pure land . Zhao Hai sighed and said, I think this prophecy is describing the current situation in the Ark Continent . The darkness and light should be the Demons and the Divine Race . The skeletons and steel, to the undead and the magic cannons . But as for the pure land, I am still left unclear . As soon as the Queen heard Zhao Hai, her eyes shone as she said, Mister is too modest, I think the pure land can only refer to the Black Wasteland . At this time, the wasteland has become the safest place in the entire continent . It should fit the title of pure land . It seems like the prophecy is similar to the Dwarves . In other words, mister will be the continent s savior Zhao Hai stared, he didn t think that the Queen would connect the Black Wasteland with the pure land . But it wasn t that strange, after all, the Queen and the others were clueless about the Space . The only thing they were aware of was Zhao Hai s ownership of the Black Wasteland . The Black Wasteland has become a shelter for everyone . Moreover, the Black Wasteland has given favorable conditions everybody no matter what race one was . For the Elves, the Black Wasteland can be titled as a pure land . However, was the prophecy this simple





* * *





Chapter 751 – Favoring Two Races

Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the Space along with Laura and the others . They were outside the villa facing a small table arranged on a meadow . On the table was a pot of tea, and not far from then were two Trees of Life . If it weren’t for the Demons and the Divine Race, then their lives would have been peacefully beautiful .

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to enjoy life . In fact, he was thinking deeply into the prophecy of the Elves . After he returned to the Space, the more he ruminated on the prophecy, the more he felt that it wasn’t that simple .

He can understand that the darkness and light referred to the Demons and the Divine Race . However, does the skeleton and steel really refer to the undead and the magic cannons? Zhao Hai thought that this wasn’t the case .

In the end, Zhao Hai was left with no way to find out, so he shook his head and sighed . At this time, Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, don’t think too much about it . Right, the people in Upper Bank City have already reached 8th rank . Do we proceed to the next step of the plan?”

Zhao Hai was taken out of his stupor . He looked at Laura and nodded, “Yes, we should proceed . Who do you think we should upgrade to 9th rank first?”





Laura thought for a moment and said, “If I were to choose, then it should be the Elves . ” Lizzy and Megan agreed to this idea . Zhao Hai looked at the three and said, “Why?”

Laura explained, “The Elves are the best in using the blood lightning beads . Their harp archers can display its might far more than the other races could . And since the Divine Race won’t be attacking quite soon, it would be the opportune time to promote the Elves . This way, when the Divine Race did attack, the Elves would be ready to receive them . ”

Lizzy and Megan nodded, then Lizzy added, “The weapons we can use against the Divine Race aren’t a lot . Needless to say, the magic cannons are best used by us Humans . As for the blood lightning beads, the Beastmen can only throw the out, which wouldn’t go far, which will affect its power . The Dwarves are similar, they were more suitable for just straight up battle . On the other hand, the Elves were specialists in ranged attacks, especially their harp archers . The blood lightning beads would become deadly weapons in their hands . Continuous ranged attacks while charging and retreating was not something that any ordinary archer could do . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then said, “Alright, then that’s settled . We’ll promote the Elves first, I’ll give them the potion so that they can be promoted as soon as possible . Right, when I went to the Elves, I also told the Queen to refrain from disturbing the Supreme Elders in their cultivation . There are a lot of 9th rank elves, and most of them are in the verge of breaking through to God-rank . Relay this instruction to the other powers as well, making their 9th ranks go all out in cultivation . On the other hand, the 9th ranks that had taken potions needed to be prepared to fight . Only through battle would they be able to get accustomed to their 9th rank strength, and gain a chance of entering God-rank . ”

Laura and the others nodded . There were currently plenty of 9th ranks in the continent . However, majority of them were promoted using Zhao Hai’s Space, not through their own effort . Because of this, it would be difficult for them to reach God-rank .

They haven’t experienced the toil of improving slowly, so their mentality still couldn’t catch up to the genuine 9th ranks . If they wanted to break through to God-rank, then there would be two ways . First was to use the Space’s God-rank potion, and the other was to fully adapt to their 9th rank strength through plenty of battles . At that time, they would slowly get accustomed to their strength and begin to gain progress in becoming God-rank . However, the latter method won’t be that easy .

Zhao Hai had some preference on which races he wanted to promote to God-rank first . They were the Elves and the Fishmen . The Beatmen had fairly the same numerical strength to the Humans while the Dwarves were just innately strong . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t too anxious in promoting their ranks .





Zhao Hai had some preference on which races he wanted to promote to God-rank first . They were the Elves and the Fishmen . The Beatmen had fairly the same numerical strength to the Humans while the Dwarves were just innately strong . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t too anxious in promoting their ranks .

The Beastmen, Dwarves, and Humans held a similar weakness, their lives were too short . But this also came with an advantage, this meant that the three races would find that their cultivations were quicker compared to the Elves and the Fishmen .

The lifespan of the Elves and the Fishmen was much higher compared to the other three . This allowed them to accumulate 9th ranks across multiple generations despite the lack in cultivation speed . Although their 9th ranks weren’t as numerous as the Beastmen, Dwarves, and Humans, their experts occupied the top spots in terms of cultivation experience . This caused the two races to have a lot of 9th ranks that were on the verge of becoming God-rank .

On the other hand, although the Beastmen, Dwarves, and Humans had a lot of 9th ranks, they weren’t advanced enough to get to God-rank . Because of this, Zhao Hai settled on the Elves and the Fishmen .

Although it can be said that the first genuine God-rank expert in the continent was humanity’s Origin Sword Saint, one shouldn’t forget that the Origin Sword Saint has been at the peak of the continent for a long time . At the same time, he had also received benefits from the Space . Even if he wasn’t artificially promoted, he still underwent nourishing from the Space’s abundant energy, something that was completely lacking in the Ark Continent . The Origin Sword Saint, although a genuine God-rank, was just lucky to encounter the Space .

On the other hand, the Elves and the Fishmen didn’t cultivate in the Space, but they still held strength comparable to the Origin Sword Saint .

At this point, turning average people in the continent into 9th ranks wasn’t that difficult for Zhao Hai . The reason that he wanted to limit the number of 9th ranks was because he didn’t want them to think that obtaining the rank was too easy . Easily obtainable things aren’t seen as valuable .





At this point, turning average people in the continent into 9th ranks wasn’t that difficult for Zhao Hai . The reason that he wanted to limit the number of 9th ranks was because he didn’t want them to think that obtaining the rank was too easy . Easily obtainable things aren’t seen as valuable .

Moreover, he didn’t want to use human-wave tactics in dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . If they use this method, then nobody would be left in the continent after expelling the Demons and the Divine Race .

Therefore, Zhao Hai can only make God-ranks en masse at this point . Only through numerous God-ranks can the Ark Continent have the qualification of waging war with the Divine and the Demon Realms .

After discussing the matter with Laura and the others, Zhao Hai went out of the Space . In his hand was a big red bottle containing Blood Pond water . This bottle was to be given to the Elves so that they can reach 9th rank at the shortest period of time . After Zhao Hai arrived at the city, he immediately summoned the various leaders to the mansion . The people in the city were already accustomed to Zhao Hai’s appearance and disappearance . Because of this, they weren’t very disgruntled about sudden summons . They knew that Zhao Hai was busy, a lot busier compared to them .

After the group arrived at the battle room, Zhao Hai had them sit down before he said, “You’re now 8th rank experts . And as long as you take this potion, then you would reach 9th rank . ” Then Zhao Hai gestured towards the blood red bottle on the table, causing the eyes of the group to shine .

After looking at their expressions, Zhao Hai continued, “I know that you all wanted to reach 9th rank . However, you cannot take this potion at the same time . ” Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the people in the room couldn’t help but gawk . However, they quickly understood the reason . The Divine Race would make their move soon . If all of them were to cultivate simultaneously at this time, then there would be nobody left to defend when the attack came . Because of this, the group immediately gave an understanding nod .

Seeing that the group understood, Zhao Hai felt relief, then he said, “Once you take this potion to become 9th rank, becoming a God-rank expert would become much more difficult . Relying on this potion to become 9th rank will make it hard to adjust one’s own strength . Only after plenty of battles will you start to see the road to God-rank . Can all of you understand?”

The group nodded, if they can sit in this room, then this meant that they weren’t fools . They knew how the slow cultivations was, even cultivating from 6th to 7th rank was difficult . There was needless to say about 9th rank to God-rank .



Seeing that the group understood, Zhao Hai felt relief, then he said, “Once you take this potion to become 9th rank, becoming a God-rank expert would become much more difficult . Relying on this potion to become 9th rank will make it hard to adjust one’s own strength . Only after plenty of battles will you start to see the road to God-rank . Can all of you understand?”

The group nodded, if they can sit in this room, then this meant that they weren’t fools . They knew how the slow cultivations was, even cultivating from 6th to 7th rank was difficult . There was needless to say about 9th rank to God-rank .

Then Zhao Hai continued, “In the present situation, I can only provide 9th rank potions . When my research on God-rank potions are done, then I will proceed to help you . ” The group lightly chuckled, they didn’t believe that Zhao Hai could research God-rank potions so easily . In their minds, this was close to impossible .

Zhao Hai didn’t mind their laughter, then he said, “I brought this 9th rank potion in order to make the Elves rank up first . What do all of you think?” The people in the room stared, then turned their head to the handsome but cold-faced Elf . As soon as the Elf heard Zhao Hai, his ice-cold expression couldn’t help but freeze .

After seeing their reaction, Zhao Hai didn’t wait for them to ask . He immediately said, “I decided to give the potions to the Elves first because they are the most efficient in using the blood lightning beads . Everyone should know about how powerful the beads were . Normal archers simply aren’t able to fire this bead, only the Elves are able to . Once the Elves reach 9th rank, then their strengths would undergo a qualitative leap, which would supplement the blood lightning beads even more . Even when faced with the Divine Race, they would still be able to hold on . ”

When they heard Zhao Hai, the group couldn’t help but think . It didn’t take too long before everyone agreed . In the hands of the Elves, the blood lightning beads were indeed extremely lethal . If they wanted to utilize the blood lightning beads as much as possible, then promoting the Elves first would be a good choice .

 Chapter 751 Favoring Two Races Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the Space along with Laura and the others . They were outside the villa facing a small table arranged on a meadow . On the table was a pot of tea, and not far from then were two Trees of Life . If it weren t for the Demons and the Divine Race, then their lives would have been peacefully beautiful . However, Zhao Hai wasn t in the mood to enjoy life . In fact, he was thinking deeply into the prophecy of the Elves . After he returned to the Space, the more he ruminated on the prophecy, the more he felt that it wasn t that simple . He can understand that the darkness and light referred to the Demons and the Divine Race . However, does the skeleton and steel really refer to the undead and the magic cannons Zhao Hai thought that this wasn t the case . In the end, Zhao Hai was left with no way to find out, so he shook his head and sighed . At this time, Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, don t think too much about it . Right, the people in Upper Bank City have already reached 8th rank . Do we proceed to the next step of the plan Zhao Hai was taken out of his stupor . He looked at Laura and nodded, Yes, we should proceed . Who do you think we should upgrade to 9th rank first Laura thought for a moment and said, If I were to choose, then it should be the Elves . Lizzy and Megan agreed to this idea . Zhao Hai looked at the three and said, Why Laura explained, The Elves are the best in using the blood lightning beads . Their harp archers can display its might far more than the other races could . And since the Divine Race won t be attacking quite soon, it would be the opportune time to promote the Elves . This way, when the Divine Race did attack, the Elves would be ready to receive them . Lizzy and Megan nodded, then Lizzy added, The weapons we can use against the Divine Race aren t a lot . Needless to say, the magic cannons are best used by us Humans . As for the blood lightning beads, the Beastmen can only throw the out, which wouldn t go far, which will affect its power . The Dwarves are similar, they were more suitable for just straight up battle . On the other hand, the Elves were specialists in ranged attacks, especially their harp archers . The blood lightning beads would become deadly weapons in their hands . Continuous ranged attacks while charging and retreating was not something that any ordinary archer could do . Zhao Hai nodded, then said, Alright, then that s settled . We ll promote the Elves first, I ll give them the potion so that they can be promoted as soon as possible . Right, when I went to the Elves, I also told the Queen to refrain from disturbing the Supreme Elders in their cultivation . There are a lot of 9th rank elves, and most of them are in the verge of breaking through to God rank . Relay this instruction to the other powers as well, making their 9th ranks go all out in cultivation . On the other hand, the 9th ranks that had taken potions needed to be prepared to fight . Only through battle would they be able to get accustomed to their 9th rank strength, and gain a chance of entering God rank . Laura and the others nodded . There were currently plenty of 9th ranks in the continent . However, majority of them were promoted using Zhao Hai s Space, not through their own effort . Because of this, it would be difficult for them to reach God rank . They haven t experienced the toil of improving slowly, so their mentality still couldn t catch up to the genuine 9th ranks . If they wanted to break through to God rank, then there would be two ways . First was to use the Space s God rank potion, and the other was to fully adapt to their 9th rank strength through plenty of battles . At that time, they would slowly get accustomed to their strength and begin to gain progress in becoming God rank . However, the latter method won t be that easy . Zhao Hai had some preference on which races he wanted to promote to God rank first . They were the Elves and the Fishmen . The Beatmen had fairly the same numerical strength to the Humans while the Dwarves were just innately strong . Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn t too anxious in promoting their ranks . The Beastmen, Dwarves, and Humans held a similar weakness, their lives were too short . But this also came with an advantage, this meant that the three races would find that their cultivations were quicker compared to the Elves and the Fishmen . The lifespan of the Elves and the Fishmen was much higher compared to the other three . This allowed them to accumulate 9th ranks across multiple generations despite the lack in cultivation speed . Although their 9th ranks weren t as numerous as the Beastmen, Dwarves, and Humans, their experts occupied the top spots in terms of cultivation experience . This caused the two races to have a lot of 9th ranks that were on the verge of becoming God rank . On the other hand, although the Beastmen, Dwarves, and Humans had a lot of 9th ranks, they weren t advanced enough to get to God rank . Because of this, Zhao Hai settled on the Elves and the Fishmen . Although it can be said that the first genuine God rank expert in the continent was humanity s Origin Sword Saint, one shouldn t forget that the Origin Sword Saint has been at the peak of the continent for a long time . At the same time, he had also received benefits from the Space . Even if he wasn t artificially promoted, he still underwent nourishing from the Space s abundant energy, something that was completely lacking in the Ark Continent . The Origin Sword Saint, although a genuine God rank, was just lucky to encounter the Space . On the other hand, the Elves and the Fishmen didn t cultivate in the Space, but they still held strength comparable to the Origin Sword Saint . At this point, turning average people in the continent into 9th ranks wasn t that difficult for Zhao Hai . The reason that he wanted to limit the number of 9th ranks was because he didn t want them to think that obtaining the rank was too easy . Easily obtainable things aren t seen as valuable . Moreover, he didn t want to use human wave tactics in dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . If they use this method, then nobody would be left in the continent after expelling the Demons and the Divine Race . Therefore, Zhao Hai can only make God ranks en masse at this point . Only through numerous God ranks can the Ark Continent have the qualification of waging war with the Divine and the Demon Realms . After discussing the matter with Laura and the others, Zhao Hai went out of the Space . In his hand was a big red bottle containing Blood Pond water . This bottle was to be given to the Elves so that they can reach 9th rank at the shortest period of time . After Zhao Hai arrived at the city, he immediately summoned the various leaders to the mansion . The people in the city were already accustomed to Zhao Hai s appearance and disappearance . Because of this, they weren t very disgruntled about sudden summons . They knew that Zhao Hai was busy, a lot busier compared to them . After the group arrived at the battle room, Zhao Hai had them sit down before he said, You re now 8th rank experts . And as long as you take this potion, then you would reach 9th rank . Then Zhao Hai gestured towards the blood red bottle on the table, causing the eyes of the group to shine . After looking at their expressions, Zhao Hai continued, I know that you all wanted to reach 9th rank . However, you cannot take this potion at the same time . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the people in the room couldn t help but gawk . However, they quickly understood the reason . The Divine Race would make their move soon . If all of them were to cultivate simultaneously at this time, then there would be nobody left to defend when the attack came . Because of this, the group immediately gave an understanding nod . Seeing that the group understood, Zhao Hai felt relief, then he said, Once you take this potion to become 9th rank, becoming a God rank expert would become much more difficult . Relying on this potion to become 9th rank will make it hard to adjust one s own strength . Only after plenty of battles will you start to see the road to God rank . Can all of you understand The group nodded, if they can sit in this room, then this meant that they weren t fools . They knew how the slow cultivations was, even cultivating from 6th to 7th rank was difficult . There was needless to say about 9th rank to God rank . Then Zhao Hai continued, In the present situation, I can only provide 9th rank potions . When my research on God rank potions are done, then I will proceed to help you . The group lightly chuckled, they didn t believe that Zhao Hai could research God rank potions so easily . In their minds, this was close to impossible . Zhao Hai didn t mind their laughter, then he said, I brought this 9th rank potion in order to make the Elves rank up first . What do all of you think The people in the room stared, then turned their head to the handsome but cold faced Elf . As soon as the Elf heard Zhao Hai, his ice cold expression couldn t help but freeze . After seeing their reaction, Zhao Hai didn t wait for them to ask . He immediately said, I decided to give the potions to the Elves first because they are the most efficient in using the blood lightning beads . Everyone should know about how powerful the beads were . Normal archers simply aren t able to fire this bead, only the Elves are able to . Once the Elves reach 9th rank, then their strengths would undergo a qualitative leap, which would supplement the blood lightning beads even more . Even when faced with the Divine Race, they would still be able to hold on . When they heard Zhao Hai, the group couldn t help but think . It didn t take too long before everyone agreed . In the hands of the Elves, the blood lightning beads were indeed extremely lethal . If they wanted to utilize the blood lightning beads as much as possible, then promoting the Elves first would be a good choice .





* * *





Chapter 752 – Change in the Demon Race

If they hadn’t been in battle with the Divine Race, then the groups might have something to say . But now that they had experience, they knew that Zhao Hai made the right choice .

All of them understood that choosing the Elves would be the best choice when it came to resisting the Divine Race advance .

After seeing that nobody was in opposition, Zhao Hai turned to the Elf leader and said, “Noah, bring this potion back to your camp . Upgrade your strengths as soon as possible . ”

Noah nodded, then he took the potion bottle before giving Zhao Hai a bow and leaving . Noah knew that the most important thing right was was to make the Elves break through, other things are irrelevant in comparison .

After Noah left the room, Zhao Hai looked at the others and said, “After the Elves gets promoted, the Dwarves will go next . Having the Dwarves get to 9th rank would provide us with more diversity in the battlefield . After the Dwarves would be the Beastmen and then the Humans after that . Don’t worry, I can assure all of you that there’s enough potions for everyone . ”

The group nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, “Although the Divine Race has yet to attack, everyone still needs to be careful, especially the Dwarves . We’ll leave it up to you to make the ground under the city into a huge battlefield . ”

Baker nodded, then Zhao Hai turned his head to the Beastmen representatives and said, “Have your mounted scouts investigate the surroundings as well . We wouldn’t want the Divine Race to know about our situation and decide to make a pre-emptive attack . ”





The Beastmen nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at the Human commander and said, “You’re humanity’s most elite soldiers . Before you reach 9th rank, you can man the magic cannons for me . You should know that the magic cannons have limited uses, the same goes for the crystals as well . So you need to know when to fire . Behind you, there are 9th ranks working hard on charging the crystals . I want you to find ways to use the magic cannons in the most efficient way possible . ”



The Human commander nodded . He was someone from the Rosen Empire, so he held great respect to Zhao Hai . He knew about Zhao Hai’s status inside the Rosen Emperor’s heart .

After discussing these things, Zhao Hai said, “If there’s anything you need, tell me, there’s no need to be polite . Baker, make your men drink less liquor, otherwise if you get drunk, then I’ll personally beat you up . ”

Baker embarrassingly smiled and said, “Elder’s liquor is just too delicious . The Elder can feel relieved, we’ll control our drinking in the future . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to the Beastmen and said, “Beastman Brothers, I know that you’ve taken a liking to eating green vegetables . But you cannot eat too much of it, or else you’ll get weak . I won’t stop giving you vegetables, but you should eat meat as well, understand?”

The beastmen bitterly smiled as the scratched their head and they nodded . Zhao Hai couldn’t blame these Beastmen, green vegetables were very rare to them . Before coming to the city, all of them were yearning of eating some . Now, it seems like these people had turned into Elves, exclusively eating green vegetables every day, causing many soldiers to suffer from diarrhea . Zhao Hai was just giving them warning .

After the taking care of all his matters, Zhao Hai concluded, “Alright, all of you head back, today’s matters end here . Make sure to explain our decision well, unity is very important for us . ” The group nodded before they stood up and left .

Zhao Hai let out a long breath and then sat back on the chair . Shue stood by Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, will sending Beastman scouts really be useful?”





Zhao Hai let out a long breath and then sat back on the chair . Shue stood by Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, will sending Beastman scouts really be useful?”

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Not really, but you must think about balance . Only after the Beastmen reach 9th rank can they display their strength . If we don’t have them do anything, they might think that they’re useless . That wouldn’t be great for their morale . We need to keep them satisfied before they reach 9th ranks and show their usefulness . ”

Shue nodded and didn’t speak anymore . He understood firsthand how Zhao Hai was very busy . Not only did he need to think about the Demons and the Divine Race, he needed to keep the balance on all races as well . This would ensure that the Continent would keep its peace, this wasn’t an easy matter .

Zhao Hai turned his head to Shue and said, “The dead raging bulls, have they been handed over to the Beastmen?”

In the previous battle, Zhao Hai released large quantities of raging bulls to deal with the Divine Race’s heavy cavalry . This caused raging bull losses that numbered in the hundred thousands . Zhao Hai didn’t turn these raging bulls into undead, instead, he gave them to the Beastmen to process . Although the raging bull meat couldn’t compare to potions, they can still improve the strength and defense to those who ate it . Moreover, their skins can also be turned into leather armor, providing additional defense . At the same time, their bones can become long distance weapons for the beastmen . Not only were the bones hard, they were quite heavy as well . In the hands of the Beastmen, they would definitely turned into great weapons .

One could say that when it came to using iron to make weapons and armor, the Dwarves would come on top . On the other hand, when it came to leather armor, the Dwarves were actually inferior to the Beastmen . Almost every Beastman wore leather armor, and these were all made from beast skins . Leather armor made by the Beastmen weren’t only defensively strong, they were quite comfortable to wear as well .

Shue nodded and said, “Young Master can feel relieved, it has been handed over to the Beast King . He would definitely be able to process them properly . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Give some blood lightning beads to the Beast King as well . Have them make weapons that can launch these beads for a long distance . This way, we can provide more blood lightning beads to the Beastmen . ”

Shue nodded . He knew that Zhao Hai would tell these matters to Laura, the only reason he was told about it was because Zhao Hai needed help . If Zhao Hai forgot about this, then Shue can remind him .





Shue nodded . He knew that Zhao Hai would tell these matters to Laura, the only reason he was told about it was because Zhao Hai needed help . If Zhao Hai forgot about this, then Shue can remind him .

At this moment, Berry looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you must help the Dwarves develop these kinds of weapons as well . The Dwarves’ long range abilities are just too weak . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he was aware of this issue . He had always wanted the Dwarves to be able to effectively use the blood lightning beads, he just couldn’t think of any way .

He thought for a while, he really couldn’t think of any material that was able to accomplish it, so he couldn’t help but stop his thoughts and turned to Shue, “Shue, after heading back, tell Patriarch Billy about this situation, make them try to find a solution . Right, tell them that the blood lightning beads are quite unstable, they couldn’t undergo strong impacts and vibrations . ”

Shue nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at the skies outside the city lord’s mansion before they returned to the Space . After arriving, Shue immediately processed the things that he needed to do . At the same time, Berry and Zhao Hai went to the Processing Machine to take a look, then they returned to the villa .

In less than two days, the tiny pagoda would finish its upgrade . Zhao Hai didn’t know what would happen after the tiny pagoda gets upgraded, but he was certain that it wouldn’t be weak .

At this point, the potion materials in the Space can be produced fast enough to make God-ranked potions nonstop . When these potions gets made, Zhao Hai would make Shun use it first . After Shun reaches God-rank, Zhao Hai would then proceed to promote others .

Zhao Hai was now hoping that the materials in the ten magic backgrounds become produced as soon as possible . When that happens, Zhao Hai would be able to bring up a lot of God-rank Experts . As long as they have an army of God-ranks, then even if the Ark Continent couldn’t expel the Demons and the Divine Race, they could still manage defend the continent with no problems .

While sitting inside the Space, Zhao Hai turned the monitor on, looking at the Divine Race and the Demons . The two parties were also busily making their barracks and city .

The Divine Race had turned the cities of the Radiant Empire into military barracks . Magic cannons were arranged on the city walls, patrols could even be seen from time to time .



While sitting inside the Space, Zhao Hai turned the monitor on, looking at the Divine Race and the Demons . The two parties were also busily making their barracks and city .

The Divine Race had turned the cities of the Radiant Empire into military barracks . Magic cannons were arranged on the city walls, patrols could even be seen from time to time .

At this time, Laura and the others walked over . They just came back from dealing with Zhao Hai’s matters . At this time, those who were extremely wounded and disabled in the city have been sent away . Having these people return to the continent would also make a great impact .

The various groups had dispatched their elite, but they were still hard pressed to defend against the Divine Race and have been injured to this level . If Zhao Hai was not present, then they might not have survived .

The people in the continent were now looking at the Divine Race in horror, but Zhao Hai didn’t mind it . The Demons and the Divine Race were truly horrible, however, the people in the continent have never truly realized to what extent . Zhao Hai also didn’t want them to have any misconceptions .

This misconception was about Zhao Hai’s capabilities . Since he could block both the Divine Race and the Demons almost single handedly, people might think that the threat was no big deal . If Zhao Hai didn’t show them, then they might not know how strong Zhao Hai was .

Now that the injured soldiers had returned, they were able to tell the others about how fierce Zhao Hai was . Zhao Hai had shown strength capable of toppling any Empire and race in the continent . This kind of strength was simply unimaginable in the past .

At the same time, since the injured soldiers weren’t a lot, their testimonies wouldn’t raise too much disturbance in the continent .

Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to pay attention to any of these right now . There was a change on the Demon side . Their army had now reached 20 million, moreover, their God-rank experts had numbered to thirty thousand . And since they didn’t have enough space like the Divine Race, they were now covetously eyeing Rising Sun City .

 Chapter 752 Change in the Demon Race If they hadn t been in battle with the Divine Race, then the groups might have something to say . But now that they had experience, they knew that Zhao Hai made the right choice . All of them understood that choosing the Elves would be the best choice when it came to resisting the Divine Race advance . After seeing that nobody was in opposition, Zhao Hai turned to the Elf leader and said, Noah, bring this potion back to your camp . Upgrade your strengths as soon as possible . Noah nodded, then he took the potion bottle before giving Zhao Hai a bow and leaving . Noah knew that the most important thing right was was to make the Elves break through, other things are irrelevant in comparison . After Noah left the room, Zhao Hai looked at the others and said, After the Elves gets promoted, the Dwarves will go next . Having the Dwarves get to 9th rank would provide us with more diversity in the battlefield . After the Dwarves would be the Beastmen and then the Humans after that . Don t worry, I can assure all of you that there s enough potions for everyone . The group nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, Although the Divine Race has yet to attack, everyone still needs to be careful, especially the Dwarves . We ll leave it up to you to make the ground under the city into a huge battlefield . Baker nodded, then Zhao Hai turned his head to the Beastmen representatives and said, Have your mounted scouts investigate the surroundings as well . We wouldn t want the Divine Race to know about our situation and decide to make a pre emptive attack . The Beastmen nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at the Human commander and said, You re humanity s most elite soldiers . Before you reach 9th rank, you can man the magic cannons for me . You should know that the magic cannons have limited uses, the same goes for the crystals as well . So you need to know when to fire . Behind you, there are 9th ranks working hard on charging the crystals . I want you to find ways to use the magic cannons in the most efficient way possible . The Human commander nodded . He was someone from the Rosen Empire, so he held great respect to Zhao Hai . He knew about Zhao Hai s status inside the Rosen Emperor s heart . After discussing these things, Zhao Hai said, If there s anything you need, tell me, there s no need to be polite . Baker, make your men drink less liquor, otherwise if you get drunk, then I ll personally beat you up . Baker embarrassingly smiled and said, Elder s liquor is just too delicious . The Elder can feel relieved, we ll control our drinking in the future . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to the Beastmen and said, Beastman Brothers, I know that you ve taken a liking to eating green vegetables . But you cannot eat too much of it, or else you ll get weak . I won t stop giving you vegetables, but you should eat meat as well, understand The beastmen bitterly smiled as the scratched their head and they nodded . Zhao Hai couldn t blame these Beastmen, green vegetables were very rare to them . Before coming to the city, all of them were yearning of eating some . Now, it seems like these people had turned into Elves, exclusively eating green vegetables every day, causing many soldiers to suffer from diarrhea . Zhao Hai was just giving them warning . After the taking care of all his matters, Zhao Hai concluded, Alright, all of you head back, today s matters end here . Make sure to explain our decision well, unity is very important for us . The group nodded before they stood up and left . Zhao Hai let out a long breath and then sat back on the chair . Shue stood by Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, will sending Beastman scouts really be useful Zhao Hai sighed and said, Not really, but you must think about balance . Only after the Beastmen reach 9th rank can they display their strength . If we don t have them do anything, they might think that they re useless . That wouldn t be great for their morale . We need to keep them satisfied before they reach 9th ranks and show their usefulness . Shue nodded and didn t speak anymore . He understood firsthand how Zhao Hai was very busy . Not only did he need to think about the Demons and the Divine Race, he needed to keep the balance on all races as well . This would ensure that the Continent would keep its peace, this wasn t an easy matter . Zhao Hai turned his head to Shue and said, The dead raging bulls, have they been handed over to the Beastmen In the previous battle, Zhao Hai released large quantities of raging bulls to deal with the Divine Race s heavy cavalry . This caused raging bull losses that numbered in the hundred thousands . Zhao Hai didn t turn these raging bulls into undead, instead, he gave them to the Beastmen to process . Although the raging bull meat couldn t compare to potions, they can still improve the strength and defense to those who ate it . Moreover, their skins can also be turned into leather armor, providing additional defense . At the same time, their bones can become long distance weapons for the beastmen . Not only were the bones hard, they were quite heavy as well . In the hands of the Beastmen, they would definitely turned into great weapons . One could say that when it came to using iron to make weapons and armor, the Dwarves would come on top . On the other hand, when it came to leather armor, the Dwarves were actually inferior to the Beastmen . Almost every Beastman wore leather armor, and these were all made from beast skins . Leather armor made by the Beastmen weren t only defensively strong, they were quite comfortable to wear as well . Shue nodded and said, Young Master can feel relieved, it has been handed over to the Beast King . He would definitely be able to process them properly . Zhao Hai nodded, Give some blood lightning beads to the Beast King as well . Have them make weapons that can launch these beads for a long distance . This way, we can provide more blood lightning beads to the Beastmen . Shue nodded . He knew that Zhao Hai would tell these matters to Laura, the only reason he was told about it was because Zhao Hai needed help . If Zhao Hai forgot about this, then Shue can remind him . At this moment, Berry looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, you must help the Dwarves develop these kinds of weapons as well . The Dwarves long range abilities are just too weak . Zhao Hai nodded, he was aware of this issue . He had always wanted the Dwarves to be able to effectively use the blood lightning beads, he just couldn t think of any way . He thought for a while, he really couldn t think of any material that was able to accomplish it, so he couldn t help but stop his thoughts and turned to Shue, Shue, after heading back, tell Patriarch Billy about this situation, make them try to find a solution . Right, tell them that the blood lightning beads are quite unstable, they couldn t undergo strong impacts and vibrations . Shue nodded, then Zhao Hai looked at the skies outside the city lord s mansion before they returned to the Space . After arriving, Shue immediately processed the things that he needed to do . At the same time, Berry and Zhao Hai went to the Processing Machine to take a look, then they returned to the villa . In less than two days, the tiny pagoda would finish its upgrade . Zhao Hai didn t know what would happen after the tiny pagoda gets upgraded, but he was certain that it wouldn t be weak . At this point, the potion materials in the Space can be produced fast enough to make God ranked potions nonstop . When these potions gets made, Zhao Hai would make Shun use it first . After Shun reaches God rank, Zhao Hai would then proceed to promote others . Zhao Hai was now hoping that the materials in the ten magic backgrounds become produced as soon as possible . When that happens, Zhao Hai would be able to bring up a lot of God rank Experts . As long as they have an army of God ranks, then even if the Ark Continent couldn t expel the Demons and the Divine Race, they could still manage defend the continent with no problems . While sitting inside the Space, Zhao Hai turned the monitor on, looking at the Divine Race and the Demons . The two parties were also busily making their barracks and city . The Divine Race had turned the cities of the Radiant Empire into military barracks . Magic cannons were arranged on the city walls, patrols could even be seen from time to time . At this time, Laura and the others walked over . They just came back from dealing with Zhao Hai s matters . At this time, those who were extremely wounded and disabled in the city have been sent away . Having these people return to the continent would also make a great impact . The various groups had dispatched their elite, but they were still hard pressed to defend against the Divine Race and have been injured to this level . If Zhao Hai was not present, then they might not have survived . The people in the continent were now looking at the Divine Race in horror, but Zhao Hai didn t mind it . The Demons and the Divine Race were truly horrible, however, the people in the continent have never truly realized to what extent . Zhao Hai also didn t want them to have any misconceptions . This misconception was about Zhao Hai s capabilities . Since he could block both the Divine Race and the Demons almost single handedly, people might think that the threat was no big deal . If Zhao Hai didn t show them, then they might not know how strong Zhao Hai was . Now that the injured soldiers had returned, they were able to tell the others about how fierce Zhao Hai was . Zhao Hai had shown strength capable of toppling any Empire and race in the continent . This kind of strength was simply unimaginable in the past . At the same time, since the injured soldiers weren t a lot, their testimonies wouldn t raise too much disturbance in the continent . Zhao Hai wasn t in the mood to pay attention to any of these right now . There was a change on the Demon side . Their army had now reached 20 million, moreover, their God rank experts had numbered to thirty thousand . And since they didn t have enough space like the Divine Race, they were now covetously eyeing Rising Sun City .





* * *





Chapter 753 – Talents Needed To Be Kept

Zhao Hai was currently standing on the wall of Rising Sun City, listening to Besmir’s report . Besmir wasn’t doing anything in the city right now . Currently, outside the city was a huge underground area dug out by the Dwarves . Retreat tunnels had also been dug for easy escape whenever things go wrong .

Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t stingy when it came to Rising Sun City . At this point, all of the troops in the city, whether they be Humans or not, had become 9th rank experts . Even the Elephant Beastmen were turned into 9th ranks . After all, Zhao Hai took care of this city much earlier compared to Upper Bank City .

During the start of Zhao Hai’s large scale promotion, he also took care of prioritizing the people in Rising Sun City . This was because the Demons were the bigger threat at that time, and Rising Sun City was at the forefront of the battle . Therefore, Zhao Hai attached great importance to the defenders .

And Besmir didn’t disappoint him, the preparations in Rising Sun City was more developed compared to Upper Bank City . This made Zhao Hai satisfied with the result .

After Besmir relayed his report and seeing Zhao Hai’s satisfied expression, he relaxed his heart as he said, “ Mister, did you come just to inspect the defense?”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly before he shook his head and said, “Not just this, I came here this time mainly because of the development in Demon City . It seems like the Demons will make their move soon . ”





Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Besmir stared, then his expression changed and said, “If Mister is here, then what about Upper Bank City?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Presently, the Divine Race aren’t making any sounds . They seem to be waiting for reinforcements . On the other hand, the Demon Army has now surpassed 20 million . With the increasing troops in Demons City, I believe that they would make their attack quite soon . ”

Besmir knit his eyebrows and said, “With the current strength of the Demons, we wouldn’t be able to stop them by relying on Rising Sun City alone . The defensive line behind us has already been arranged . However, most of the people there haven’t been promoted, they’re still unfit to fight with the Demons . ”

Zhao Hai agreed “This is truly hard to deal with . However, the thing we need to do right now is to delay the enemy as long as possible, allowing Accra Mountain more time to prepare . As soon as our Accra Mountain fortress finishes its preparations, then we would have a proper place to ambush the Demon and the Divine Race armies . ”

Besmir nodded and said, “Alright, I understand . We’ll certainly delay the enemy . However, I’m afraid that also means that we’ll waste a lot of magic cannons, crystals, and blood lightning beads . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Rest assured, I will provide you with enough supplies . If Upper Bank City gets attacked, I’m afraid I won’t be here to assist you . When that time comes, I’ll need your help in promoting the levels of the other cities, providing them with strength to deal with the Demons . ”

Besmir nodded and said, “Mister, feel relieved, we’ll definitely be able to stop the Demon Race . ”





Besmir nodded and said, “Mister, feel relieved, we’ll definitely be able to stop the Demon Race . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll leave some God-rank undead as well . However, it would be impossible for these undead to win against the Demons . So you still need to be careful . As long as the Divine Race hasn’t attacked Upper Bank City, then I will definitely come and help you . However, if Upper Bank City is under attack, then I’ll have to leave everything in your hands . ”

Besmir gave a firm nod as he felt the weight on his shoulders increase, but he was still very happy .

Besmir didn’t know who Zhao Hai really was before meeting him . At that time, he only heard that Zhao Hai was very overbearing and was short-tempered . But now that they had been in touch multiple times, he knew that Zhao Hai was actually a selfless person . He was running around the continent, taking all of his goods for support while leading the frontlines at the same time . It was at that point that Besmir started to see Zhao Hai as his idol, the one he looked up to . Because of this, when Zhao Hai gave him this heavy task, he couldn’t help but feel very happy . At the same time, he can also feel the pressure, he was afraid of disappointing Zhao Hai if ever he failed .

Seeing Besmir’s tense expression, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s going to be fine, there’s no need to be nervous . Actually, Accra Mountain is almost ready, you only need to stall for a short amount of time . The Demons can easily defeat our people, so what we need to do right now is to keep our people safe . Those who have fought with the Demons before will be great weapons in dealing with the Demons in the future . You’re a general, so you should know about the difference between veterans and recruits . What we need in this war are veterans, make sure to preserve them as much as possible . Understand?”

Besmir stared, he really wanted to use Rising Sun City in order to stop the Demons . In any case, he was even prepared to fight to the end just to stop the Demons from advancing . But now that Zhao Hai said so, he nodded and said, “Yes, sir, I understand . ”

Zhao Hai patted Besmir’s shoulder and said, “You can do it . I’ll be honest with you, a lot of people in the continent weren’t taking the Demons and the Divine Race seriously . I can block them myself, however, this wouldn’t make their current mentality change . So the only thing that I can do right now is to depend on the frontline soldiers . At the same time, I can also use this opportunity to gather more undead, but only the enemies, I won’t do that to my allies . Because of this, I need every single soldier in the battlefield, I need people like you . ”

Besmir’s eyes turned moist, he was just a soldier, so he didn’t know much about the complicated matters of the continent . However, seeing Zhao Hai express his grievance, he couldn’t help but resent the people of the continent . At the same time, he was also moved by Zhao Hai’s statement .





Besmir’s eyes turned moist, he was just a soldier, so he didn’t know much about the complicated matters of the continent . However, seeing Zhao Hai express his grievance, he couldn’t help but resent the people of the continent . At the same time, he was also moved by Zhao Hai’s statement .

Besmir’s voice almost fluttered as he replied, “Sir, what are we going to do? We’re using our lives to protect the continent, but the population seems to take it lightly . Are we really that important?”

Zhao Hai looked straight into Besmir’s eyes and said, “Besmir, there’s no need to doubt it . Who are you? A soldier . And what do soldiers do? They protect homes and defend the country . This is your main responsibility . This in itself is an evidence to how important you people are . Even the most successful Merchant cannot do this . We are resisting against the Demons and the Divine Race because we wanted our children to have a great life in the future . We will not be slaves to the Divine Race nor will be die to the Demons, understand?”

Besmir made an effort to wipe a tear on his eye, he nodded and said, “Yes, sir, I understand . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “Besmir, your family, where are they right now? I’ll get them sent to the Black Wasteland, making sure that they are safe from harm . ”

When he heard Zhao Hai, Besmir couldn’t help but get excited . He can understand what Zhao Hai wanted to say, Zhao Hai wanted to recruit him over to his side . So he immediately told Zhao Hai about his address . Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Demons are yet to attack, but you must still be ready . I’ll go back and handle some things first . When the Demons come, I’ll return . ”

Besmir nodded, then Zhao Hai turned around to leave . Before long, Zhao Hai had Shue get Besmir’s family and had them sent to the Black Wasteland . This action was equal to having Besmir as his own person .

Zhao Hai already discovered Besmir’s talent in command . He needed talented people right now, so he gave special treatment to Besmir .



Besmir nodded, then Zhao Hai turned around to leave . Before long, Zhao Hai had Shue get Besmir’s family and had them sent to the Black Wasteland . This action was equal to having Besmir as his own person .

Zhao Hai already discovered Besmir’s talent in command . He needed talented people right now, so he gave special treatment to Besmir .

Lizzy and the others were paying attention the Demons . It can be said that the Demons were more prepared than the Divine Race when it came to making their move . They had already stockpiled massive amounts of military supplies in Demon City . Moreover, their logistics weren’t slow as well .

Lizzy was currently frowning as she was observing the Demons, she didn’t even manage to notice Zhao Hai . Seeing Lizzy so serious, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “What happened? Are the Demons really that hard to deal with?”

Lizzy recovered, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Very difficult . Brother Hai, as you can see, they are quite used to these things . Although they are in their territory, they didn’t have any point of relaxation . Most importantly, their coordination is very fluid . Their army composition can deal with anything thrown at them . It can be said that in a frontal battle, the Demons are more powerful than the Divine Race .

Zhao Hai bitterly smiled, “That’s natural if you think about the matters of the Demon Realm . All year round, wars happen in every corner of the plane . Therefore, it wouldn’t be strange for the Demons to be this formidable . Don’t worry too much about it, thinking about possibilities at this time is useless . Just wait for the real battle and then form conclusions then . Make sure to conserve your energy, we still have the Divine Race to attend to . You can leave the matters here for Besmir to take care of . ”

Lizzy shook her head and said, “I just want to see how the Demons conduct their war preparation . However, I still haven’t thought about a good way to deal with them . Forget it, I’ll just turn my attention to the Divine Race . I’m afraid their reinforcements would arrive in the next few days . It seems like we will have to fight in two fronts . Brother Hai, are we prepared for this?”

Zhao Hai forced a smile, “We already did all we could . The Divine Race seems to be anxious while the Demons wanted to take it slow . I can still deal with the Divine Race, but we could only delay the Demons . In any case, as long as Accra Mountain completes its preparations, we can just proceed to slowly retreat and hand the Buddha Empire over to the enemy . I don’t believe that the Demons and the Divine Race would get into an agreement to divide the Empire by half . ”

 Chapter 753 Talents Needed To Be Kept Zhao Hai was currently standing on the wall of Rising Sun City, listening to Besmir s report . Besmir wasn t doing anything in the city right now . Currently, outside the city was a huge underground area dug out by the Dwarves . Retreat tunnels had also been dug for easy escape whenever things go wrong . Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn t stingy when it came to Rising Sun City . At this point, all of the troops in the city, whether they be Humans or not, had become 9th rank experts . Even the Elephant Beastmen were turned into 9th ranks . After all, Zhao Hai took care of this city much earlier compared to Upper Bank City . During the start of Zhao Hai s large scale promotion, he also took care of prioritizing the people in Rising Sun City . This was because the Demons were the bigger threat at that time, and Rising Sun City was at the forefront of the battle . Therefore, Zhao Hai attached great importance to the defenders . And Besmir didn t disappoint him, the preparations in Rising Sun City was more developed compared to Upper Bank City . This made Zhao Hai satisfied with the result . After Besmir relayed his report and seeing Zhao Hai s satisfied expression, he relaxed his heart as he said, Mister, did you come just to inspect the defense Zhao Hai smiled bitterly before he shook his head and said, Not just this, I came here this time mainly because of the development in Demon City . It seems like the Demons will make their move soon . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Besmir stared, then his expression changed and said, If Mister is here, then what about Upper Bank City Zhao Hai shook his head and said, Presently, the Divine Race aren t making any sounds . They seem to be waiting for reinforcements . On the other hand, the Demon Army has now surpassed 20 million . With the increasing troops in Demons City, I believe that they would make their attack quite soon . Besmir knit his eyebrows and said, With the current strength of the Demons, we wouldn t be able to stop them by relying on Rising Sun City alone . The defensive line behind us has already been arranged . However, most of the people there haven t been promoted, they re still unfit to fight with the Demons . Zhao Hai agreed This is truly hard to deal with . However, the thing we need to do right now is to delay the enemy as long as possible, allowing Accra Mountain more time to prepare . As soon as our Accra Mountain fortress finishes its preparations, then we would have a proper place to ambush the Demon and the Divine Race armies . Besmir nodded and said, Alright, I understand . We ll certainly delay the enemy . However, I m afraid that also means that we ll waste a lot of magic cannons, crystals, and blood lightning beads . Zhao Hai nodded, Rest assured, I will provide you with enough supplies . If Upper Bank City gets attacked, I m afraid I won t be here to assist you . When that time comes, I ll need your help in promoting the levels of the other cities, providing them with strength to deal with the Demons . Besmir nodded and said, Mister, feel relieved, we ll definitely be able to stop the Demon Race . Zhao Hai nodded, I ll leave some God rank undead as well . However, it would be impossible for these undead to win against the Demons . So you still need to be careful . As long as the Divine Race hasn t attacked Upper Bank City, then I will definitely come and help you . However, if Upper Bank City is under attack, then I ll have to leave everything in your hands . Besmir gave a firm nod as he felt the weight on his shoulders increase, but he was still very happy . Besmir didn t know who Zhao Hai really was before meeting him . At that time, he only heard that Zhao Hai was very overbearing and was short tempered . But now that they had been in touch multiple times, he knew that Zhao Hai was actually a selfless person . He was running around the continent, taking all of his goods for support while leading the frontlines at the same time . It was at that point that Besmir started to see Zhao Hai as his idol, the one he looked up to . Because of this, when Zhao Hai gave him this heavy task, he couldn t help but feel very happy . At the same time, he can also feel the pressure, he was afraid of disappointing Zhao Hai if ever he failed . Seeing Besmir s tense expression, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, It s going to be fine, there s no need to be nervous . Actually, Accra Mountain is almost ready, you only need to stall for a short amount of time . The Demons can easily defeat our people, so what we need to do right now is to keep our people safe . Those who have fought with the Demons before will be great weapons in dealing with the Demons in the future . You re a general, so you should know about the difference between veterans and recruits . What we need in this war are veterans, make sure to preserve them as much as possible . Understand Besmir stared, he really wanted to use Rising Sun City in order to stop the Demons . In any case, he was even prepared to fight to the end just to stop the Demons from advancing . But now that Zhao Hai said so, he nodded and said, Yes, sir, I understand . Zhao Hai patted Besmir s shoulder and said, You can do it . I ll be honest with you, a lot of people in the continent weren t taking the Demons and the Divine Race seriously . I can block them myself, however, this wouldn t make their current mentality change . So the only thing that I can do right now is to depend on the frontline soldiers . At the same time, I can also use this opportunity to gather more undead, but only the enemies, I won t do that to my allies . Because of this, I need every single soldier in the battlefield, I need people like you . Besmir s eyes turned moist, he was just a soldier, so he didn t know much about the complicated matters of the continent . However, seeing Zhao Hai express his grievance, he couldn t help but resent the people of the continent . At the same time, he was also moved by Zhao Hai s statement . Besmir s voice almost fluttered as he replied, Sir, what are we going to do We re using our lives to protect the continent, but the population seems to take it lightly . Are we really that important Zhao Hai looked straight into Besmir s eyes and said, Besmir, there s no need to doubt it . Who are you A soldier . And what do soldiers do They protect homes and defend the country . This is your main responsibility . This in itself is an evidence to how important you people are . Even the most successful Merchant cannot do this . We are resisting against the Demons and the Divine Race because we wanted our children to have a great life in the future . We will not be slaves to the Divine Race nor will be die to the Demons, understand Besmir made an effort to wipe a tear on his eye, he nodded and said, Yes, sir, I understand . Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, Besmir, your family, where are they right now I ll get them sent to the Black Wasteland, making sure that they are safe from harm . When he heard Zhao Hai, Besmir couldn t help but get excited . He can understand what Zhao Hai wanted to say, Zhao Hai wanted to recruit him over to his side . So he immediately told Zhao Hai about his address . Zhao Hai nodded and said, The Demons are yet to attack, but you must still be ready . I ll go back and handle some things first . When the Demons come, I ll return . Besmir nodded, then Zhao Hai turned around to leave . Before long, Zhao Hai had Shue get Besmir s family and had them sent to the Black Wasteland . This action was equal to having Besmir as his own person . Zhao Hai already discovered Besmir s talent in command . He needed talented people right now, so he gave special treatment to Besmir . Lizzy and the others were paying attention the Demons . It can be said that the Demons were more prepared than the Divine Race when it came to making their move . They had already stockpiled massive amounts of military supplies in Demon City . Moreover, their logistics weren t slow as well . Lizzy was currently frowning as she was observing the Demons, she didn t even manage to notice Zhao Hai . Seeing Lizzy so serious, Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile and said, What happened Are the Demons really that hard to deal with Lizzy recovered, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, Very difficult . Brother Hai, as you can see, they are quite used to these things . Although they are in their territory, they didn t have any point of relaxation . Most importantly, their coordination is very fluid . Their army composition can deal with anything thrown at them . It can be said that in a frontal battle, the Demons are more powerful than the Divine Race . Zhao Hai bitterly smiled, That s natural if you think about the matters of the Demon Realm . All year round, wars happen in every corner of the plane . Therefore, it wouldn t be strange for the Demons to be this formidable . Don t worry too much about it, thinking about possibilities at this time is useless . Just wait for the real battle and then form conclusions then . Make sure to conserve your energy, we still have the Divine Race to attend to . You can leave the matters here for Besmir to take care of . Lizzy shook her head and said, I just want to see how the Demons conduct their war preparation . However, I still haven t thought about a good way to deal with them . Forget it, I ll just turn my attention to the Divine Race . I m afraid their reinforcements would arrive in the next few days . It seems like we will have to fight in two fronts . Brother Hai, are we prepared for this Zhao Hai forced a smile, We already did all we could . The Divine Race seems to be anxious while the Demons wanted to take it slow . I can still deal with the Divine Race, but we could only delay the Demons . In any case, as long as Accra Mountain completes its preparations, we can just proceed to slowly retreat and hand the Buddha Empire over to the enemy . I don t believe that the Demons and the Divine Race would get into an agreement to divide the Empire by half .





* * *





Chapter 754 – Dark Mist In The Icefield

In the Northern Polar Icefield at this time, the icefield was not so frozen like before . After all, the source of the ice has been taken away . However, due to its relation with the sun, the icefield was still one of the coldest place in the Ark Continent .

After Zhao Hai acquired the wind bead as well as Bubble, he didn’t go and explore the place anymore . This was because Zhao Hai’s main purpose at that time was to retrieve the Beast God’s Spear . So when he found the spear, he immediately thought nothing about the Northern Icefield .

To be honest, nothing really did happen inside the Icefield . But now, it was different . Just as Zhao Hai was having a headache about the Demons and the Divine Race, an unknown change suddenly happened in the Icefield .

In the icefield, no matter day or night, the landscape had always been white . One almost couldn’t see any other color except white . Now, this white has been tainted by a little black spot .

But even if it was just a dark spot, its area was still quite bit . The spot was a black mist of over a hundred meters in diameter . In the white icefield, this black spot looked just like an ink blot on a sheet of paper .

This change happened without anyone’s notice . If Zhao Hai were to discover this black spot, then he might be able to calculate that it appeared just as the Elves’ Tree of Life started withering .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t have the time to pay attention to the icefield . The Demons and the Divine Race were already giving him headaches, he wasn’t so relaxed to turn his gaze towards the barren icefield .





As time passed, the dark mist became thicker and thicker as the area it took increased . After becoming about ten thousand meters in diameter, the center of the dark mist was already as black as ink .

Then inside that ink black mist, white smog started to bellow . But this white smog wasn’t anything normal, it can actually corrode everything in touched . This corrosive smog appeared more and more .

But this dark mist was nothing more than just a screen . Two days later, a black circular hole has been corroded by the white smog . Then from that hole, more and more dark mists started appearing, making the existing dark spot bigger and bigger .

The suddenly, a bony hand extended from that round hole before a skeleton walked out . He was fully bone white with a slippery bald head . It started to look around the place in puzzlement as it randomly walked around .

Shortly after the skeleton walked out, another skeleton appeared . This skeleton made the same action as the first one, then a third skeleton came .

More and more skeletons appeared from that hole and had started to walk in all directions . It might seem like they weren’t doing anything, but in fact they were actually fanning the area around the dark hole .

After an uncountable number of skeletons appeared, a giant bony claw suddenly extended out of the hole, making it bigger in the process . Then a huge magic beast appeared . This beast looked like a wingless skeletal version of the Demon Realm’s dragon . It was actually smaller than a dragon and it even had a few bones missing . The skeletal dragon looked like it had been ravaged by battle .

After this undead dragon came out of the hole, it immediately made a large roar . Although it was only a skeleton, the roar that it made was actually very loud . With this roar, the undead close to it started to group up before standing still . It seems like the undead were listening to the orders of this undead dragon .





After this undead dragon came out of the hole, it immediately made a large roar . Although it was only a skeleton, the roar that it made was actually very loud . With this roar, the undead close to it started to group up before standing still . It seems like the undead were listening to the orders of this undead dragon .

As the loud roar spread, the skeletons in all directions suddenly proceeded to walk, slowly leaving the dark mist and walking further and further .

After this undead beast appeared, more undead started to appear from the hole . Then after a moment, a zombie with green hair started to climb up .

After these green haired zombies walked out, blue-haired zombies started to appear . Then behind those zombies were an uncountable amount of dark creatures . These creatures did the same as the skeletons before them, looking around before proceeding to walk .

At this time, Zhao Hai was actually worried about the Demons . The Demons were still camped up inside Demons City, this made Zhao Hai quite impatient . Moreover, the Demons have also started to send scouts .

Zhao Hai had always been thinking about the Demons . And now that they had started to send scouts, Zhao Hai began to worry .

For the other party to send scouts, then this meant that they were already prepared to attack . Yesterday, Zhao Hai and the others had discovered that the Demons have increased in Demon City . And now that they had sent scouts, then it seems like the Demons have decided to make their move .

After looking at the scouts, Zhao Hai let out a sigh before turning to Lizzy and said, “Lizzy, should we send some Elves to deal with these Demon scouts?”

Lizzy looked at the Demon scouts and then said, “Brother Hai, to be honest, dealing with those scouts would be a good idea . However, you also need to think that the Demons are pretty strict about their methods . These scouts should have their own methods . And even if we eliminate them, then this will definitely attract the Demons’ attention . ”





Lizzy looked at the Demon scouts and then said, “Brother Hai, to be honest, dealing with those scouts would be a good idea . However, you also need to think that the Demons are pretty strict about their methods . These scouts should have their own methods . And even if we eliminate them, then this will definitely attract the Demons’ attention . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, but he replied, “We still have to send the Elves to deal with them . In any case, they would still attack . If we don’t make a move, the Demons might think that we are cowering in fear . Eliminate those scouts, let’s see how the Demons respond . ”

Lizzy hesitated for a bit, but she still transmitted the orders without saying anything . Although the people in Rising Sun City weren’t afraid in facing the Demons, they still kept from sending scouts outside . Zhao Hai’s sudden order actually made them surprised .

However, Besmir immediately obeyed Zhao Hai’s order . He believed that there must be a reason for Zhao Hai to make it . Zhao Hai’s understanding of the Demons and their methods were much stronger compared to him . Therefore, he didn’t say anything about the order as he quickly dispatched some Elves to deal with the enemy scouts .

Zhao Hai looked at the Elves’ movements on the monitor . The Elves in Rising Sun City had already reached 9th rank . Moreover, they also provided with a lot of blood lightning beads . One can say that this motion was made to examine how powerful the beads could be in the hands of 9th rank Elves .

Before long, Zhao Hai saw the Elves group up into a hundred people per squad . All of them were advancing in the direction of the Demon Race’s forces .

These Elves were the elites of the Elven Race . And now that they had been supplied with blood lightning beads, it can be said that they were now the strongest combat unit in the continent . If they cannot defeat these Demons, then Zhao Hai’s investment would go to waste .

However, the Elves didn’t disappoint Zhao Hai . After the Elves departed, it didn’t take them too long before they found the Demon Race’s scouts . One must know that the scouts held the most versatile soldiers in an army . Naturally, this would also apply to the Demon race, their scouts were some of the elite forces of their respective armies . But after coming to the Ark Continent, these Demon scouts were yet to face the Elves . This made them look down on the approaching opponent .

Naturally, the Elves didn’t become polite as they immediately shot some stone beads . They didn’t use their blood lightning beads yet, they wanted to see the capabilities of these Demons first .



However, the Elves didn’t disappoint Zhao Hai . After the Elves departed, it didn’t take them too long before they found the Demon Race’s scouts . One must know that the scouts held the most versatile soldiers in an army . Naturally, this would also apply to the Demon race, their scouts were some of the elite forces of their respective armies . But after coming to the Ark Continent, these Demon scouts were yet to face the Elves . This made them look down on the approaching opponent .

Naturally, the Elves didn’t become polite as they immediately shot some stone beads . They didn’t use their blood lightning beads yet, they wanted to see the capabilities of these Demons first .

Finally, the stone beads had revealed how formidable the Demons were . One should know that these Demons weren’t 8th or 9th, they weren’t that high ranked . Therefore, the stone beads should be enough to cause them some damage .

However, the facts had shown that the Elves’ stone beads were unable to damage these Demons at all . This meant that without the blood lightning beads, the Elves would be useless in the battlefield .

If this was the case, the Elves could only deal with the Demons while in mid-air . The blood hawks were much faster than the Demons, so the Elves weren’t worried about them catching up .

At this moment, the Elves suddenly decided to fire their blood lightning beads . One must say that Zhao Hai’s blood lightning beads were quite lethal . A blood lightning bead was able to cause injury in a 20 meter circle within the opposite party . And with multiple of them fired at the same time, this would cause a chain reaction that enabled the beads to become much more deadly than before .

Firing on mounts was the best way to utilize the Elves . The scout troop that the Demons sent wasn’t large . But after seeing that the Elves were unable to cause them damage using their stone beads, the Demons started to think that the Elves can do nothing to them, that they had the strength to deal with the Elves easily . This caused the Demons to go and pursue the Elves .

It was at this time that the Elves started to use their blood lightning beads . These beads were things that even the Divine Race started to dread . Not to say 8th ranks, even the 9th rank Demons have exploded after being subjected to the might of the beads . They weren’t able to use self-destruct, even their formidable life force was unable to resist the explosion caused by the blood lightning beads . Almost instantly, the group of Demons vanished from mid-air, completely eradicated by the blood lightning beads .

 Chapter 754 Dark Mist In The Icefield In the Northern Polar Icefield at this time, the icefield was not so frozen like before . After all, the source of the ice has been taken away . However, due to its relation with the sun, the icefield was still one of the coldest place in the Ark Continent . After Zhao Hai acquired the wind bead as well as Bubble, he didn t go and explore the place anymore . This was because Zhao Hai s main purpose at that time was to retrieve the Beast God s Spear . So when he found the spear, he immediately thought nothing about the Northern Icefield . To be honest, nothing really did happen inside the Icefield . But now, it was different . Just as Zhao Hai was having a headache about the Demons and the Divine Race, an unknown change suddenly happened in the Icefield . In the icefield, no matter day or night, the landscape had always been white . One almost couldn t see any other color except white . Now, this white has been tainted by a little black spot . But even if it was just a dark spot, its area was still quite bit . The spot was a black mist of over a hundred meters in diameter . In the white icefield, this black spot looked just like an ink blot on a sheet of paper . This change happened without anyone s notice . If Zhao Hai were to discover this black spot, then he might be able to calculate that it appeared just as the Elves Tree of Life started withering . However, Zhao Hai didn t have the time to pay attention to the icefield . The Demons and the Divine Race were already giving him headaches, he wasn t so relaxed to turn his gaze towards the barren icefield . As time passed, the dark mist became thicker and thicker as the area it took increased . After becoming about ten thousand meters in diameter, the center of the dark mist was already as black as ink . Then inside that ink black mist, white smog started to bellow . But this white smog wasn t anything normal, it can actually corrode everything in touched . This corrosive smog appeared more and more . But this dark mist was nothing more than just a screen . Two days later, a black circular hole has been corroded by the white smog . Then from that hole, more and more dark mists started appearing, making the existing dark spot bigger and bigger . The suddenly, a bony hand extended from that round hole before a skeleton walked out . He was fully bone white with a slippery bald head . It started to look around the place in puzzlement as it randomly walked around . Shortly after the skeleton walked out, another skeleton appeared . This skeleton made the same action as the first one, then a third skeleton came . More and more skeletons appeared from that hole and had started to walk in all directions . It might seem like they weren t doing anything, but in fact they were actually fanning the area around the dark hole . After an uncountable number of skeletons appeared, a giant bony claw suddenly extended out of the hole, making it bigger in the process . Then a huge magic beast appeared . This beast looked like a wingless skeletal version of the Demon Realm s dragon . It was actually smaller than a dragon and it even had a few bones missing . The skeletal dragon looked like it had been ravaged by battle . After this undead dragon came out of the hole, it immediately made a large roar . Although it was only a skeleton, the roar that it made was actually very loud . With this roar, the undead close to it started to group up before standing still . It seems like the undead were listening to the orders of this undead dragon . As the loud roar spread, the skeletons in all directions suddenly proceeded to walk, slowly leaving the dark mist and walking further and further . After this undead beast appeared, more undead started to appear from the hole . Then after a moment, a zombie with green hair started to climb up . After these green haired zombies walked out, blue haired zombies started to appear . Then behind those zombies were an uncountable amount of dark creatures . These creatures did the same as the skeletons before them, looking around before proceeding to walk . At this time, Zhao Hai was actually worried about the Demons . The Demons were still camped up inside Demons City, this made Zhao Hai quite impatient . Moreover, the Demons have also started to send scouts . Zhao Hai had always been thinking about the Demons . And now that they had started to send scouts, Zhao Hai began to worry . For the other party to send scouts, then this meant that they were already prepared to attack . Yesterday, Zhao Hai and the others had discovered that the Demons have increased in Demon City . And now that they had sent scouts, then it seems like the Demons have decided to make their move . After looking at the scouts, Zhao Hai let out a sigh before turning to Lizzy and said, Lizzy, should we send some Elves to deal with these Demon scouts Lizzy looked at the Demon scouts and then said, Brother Hai, to be honest, dealing with those scouts would be a good idea . However, you also need to think that the Demons are pretty strict about their methods . These scouts should have their own methods . And even if we eliminate them, then this will definitely attract the Demons attention . Zhao Hai nodded, but he replied, We still have to send the Elves to deal with them . In any case, they would still attack . If we don t make a move, the Demons might think that we are cowering in fear . Eliminate those scouts, let s see how the Demons respond . Lizzy hesitated for a bit, but she still transmitted the orders without saying anything . Although the people in Rising Sun City weren t afraid in facing the Demons, they still kept from sending scouts outside . Zhao Hai s sudden order actually made them surprised . However, Besmir immediately obeyed Zhao Hai s order . He believed that there must be a reason for Zhao Hai to make it . Zhao Hai s understanding of the Demons and their methods were much stronger compared to him . Therefore, he didn t say anything about the order as he quickly dispatched some Elves to deal with the enemy scouts . Zhao Hai looked at the Elves movements on the monitor . The Elves in Rising Sun City had already reached 9th rank . Moreover, they also provided with a lot of blood lightning beads . One can say that this motion was made to examine how powerful the beads could be in the hands of 9th rank Elves . Before long, Zhao Hai saw the Elves group up into a hundred people per squad . All of them were advancing in the direction of the Demon Race s forces . These Elves were the elites of the Elven Race . And now that they had been supplied with blood lightning beads, it can be said that they were now the strongest combat unit in the continent . If they cannot defeat these Demons, then Zhao Hai s investment would go to waste . However, the Elves didn t disappoint Zhao Hai . After the Elves departed, it didn t take them too long before they found the Demon Race s scouts . One must know that the scouts held the most versatile soldiers in an army . Naturally, this would also apply to the Demon race, their scouts were some of the elite forces of their respective armies . But after coming to the Ark Continent, these Demon scouts were yet to face the Elves . This made them look down on the approaching opponent . Naturally, the Elves didn t become polite as they immediately shot some stone beads . They didn t use their blood lightning beads yet, they wanted to see the capabilities of these Demons first . Finally, the stone beads had revealed how formidable the Demons were . One should know that these Demons weren t 8th or 9th, they weren t that high ranked . Therefore, the stone beads should be enough to cause them some damage . However, the facts had shown that the Elves stone beads were unable to damage these Demons at all . This meant that without the blood lightning beads, the Elves would be useless in the battlefield . If this was the case, the Elves could only deal with the Demons while in mid air . The blood hawks were much faster than the Demons, so the Elves weren t worried about them catching up . At this moment, the Elves suddenly decided to fire their blood lightning beads . One must say that Zhao Hai s blood lightning beads were quite lethal . A blood lightning bead was able to cause injury in a 20 meter circle within the opposite party . And with multiple of them fired at the same time, this would cause a chain reaction that enabled the beads to become much more deadly than before . Firing on mounts was the best way to utilize the Elves . The scout troop that the Demons sent wasn t large . But after seeing that the Elves were unable to cause them damage using their stone beads, the Demons started to think that the Elves can do nothing to them, that they had the strength to deal with the Elves easily . This caused the Demons to go and pursue the Elves . It was at this time that the Elves started to use their blood lightning beads . These beads were things that even the Divine Race started to dread . Not to say 8th ranks, even the 9th rank Demons have exploded after being subjected to the might of the beads . They weren t able to use self destruct, even their formidable life force was unable to resist the explosion caused by the blood lightning beads . Almost instantly, the group of Demons vanished from mid air, completely eradicated by the blood lightning beads .





* * *





Chapter 755 – Dreaded By The Demon Race

There was a long distance between Demon City and Rising Sun City, so it would be impossible for the Demons to see what happened in Rising Sun City . It was also because of this that Besmir was unable to know what the Demons were doing unless he sent out scouts himself . He only managed to get information because of Zhao Hai .

One must say the Besmir really wanted to constrain the Demons, however, he was inferior to Zhao Hai when it came to commanding the other races . Because of this, he thought that unless it was Zhao Hai, it would be impossible for the city to work together in repelling the Demon Race .

This matter can be seen in Rising Sun City . In the city, the most suitable scouts would be the Elves . However, Besmir didn’t have the authority to command the Elves . This essentially meant that the city had no scouts to use .

The Elves only accepted Besmir as their commander because they were giving Zhao Hai face . However, this didn’t mean that they would listen to him .

But this time, the orders that Besmir sent out came from Zhao Hai . The Elves might not give Besmir any face, but they couldn’t just disregard Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai had always been fair in his treatment to other races . If they were punished by Zhao Hai, then not only would their races do nothing, they might even get more punishment instead .

Because of this, the Elves immediately went out to deal with the Demon scouts, and with an overwhelming victory at that . Although they were smaller, they still managed to eliminate the group of Demons . Even if this was a small achievement, this was still a huge morale boost for the people in Rising Sun City .

Seeing the actions of the Elves, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel delight . It seems like his decision with the Elves was correct . Most importantly, he also gained a metric about how strong 9th rank Elves could be . In the future, they would be able to understand how to utilize the Elves to their full potential .





The Demons wouldn’t know about what happened to their scouts, but as Lizzy said, the Demons have reached a state of complete mastery when it came to troop management . If their scouts don’t come back in a few hours, then it meant that they had an accident . Otherwise, the scouts would be punished if they came back late .

Because of this, when the Demons discovered that their scouts hadn’t returned, they immediately knew that something happened . They quickly sent a battalion in order to seek those scouts, but in the end, they were unable to find anything .

The Demons also understood that if nothing was found, then the only possibility was that they had been eliminated by the Humans . The Demons knew that there won’t be anything left once the scouts were defeated . This was because Zhao Hai was present, and he always turned his enemies into undead .

Because of this knowledge, the Demons decided to send a large unit to find the scouts . And even if a battalion was sent, they still didn’t dare to approach Rising Sun City .

It was clear that the Demons were dreading Zhao Hai . They wouldn’t dare face him before they had completed their preparations .

Zhao Hai looked at the actions of the Demons in the monitor . When he saw that they didn’t attack immediately, he couldn’t help but sigh in relief . This time, Zhao Hai sent the Elves out because first, he wanted to see how powerful the Elves were, and second, because he wanted the Demons to dread him even more, making sure that they would hesitate in making a move .

However, this situation held its advantages and disadvantages . They Demons might hesitate to make their attack, but when they do, then one could be assured that the Demons will be giving it their all . At that time, even if Zhao Hai personally went out, he would still be unable to stop their advance .

But the most fear that Zhao Hai had was the fact that he might not even be able to come out when the time comes . Although the Divine Race reinforcements were yet to arrive, there were all sorts of signals showing that they were on their way .





But the most fear that Zhao Hai had was the fact that he might not even be able to come out when the time comes . Although the Divine Race reinforcements were yet to arrive, there were all sorts of signals showing that they were on their way .

The Divine Race armies were very busy in the military barracks all the time . They had cleaned up every city in the Radiant Empire, this was a clear sign that the reinforcements would arrive .

After seeing the Divine Race, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh . He really couldn’t understand why the Divine Race would want to obtain the Ark Continent . The Divine Realm was a plane that was a level above the continent . Properly speaking, there was nothing in the Ark Continent that was worth their effort . But they still decided to come, was this because the Divine Race had an inborn desire of conquest?

One could say that it would be unjustified if one were to compare the people in the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent . In the Divine Realm, children were born as 8th ranks, become 9th ranks through adulthood, and God-rank after some practice . In this case, why would they look into the Ark Continent? Even reaching 9th rank would be difficult for the people in the continent .

However, Zhao Hai suddenly changed his mind when he thought about the Divine Race’s heavy cavalry . They seem to not be part of the Divine Race . Each and every heavy cavalry rider looked very much like wild men . It was impossible for the Divine Race to have those kinds of people among them . This could only point to the fact that the heavy cavalry units were the Divine Race’s slaves . It might be possible for Iron Hammer and the others to be unaware of this fact .

This kind of situation was not impossible . Iron Hammer and the others hadn’t been to the Divine Realm in tens of thousands of years . A lot of things can happen in those years and it was impossible to know about the actions of the Divine Race during that time .

If those heavy cavalry soldiers were really slaves of the Divine Race, then Zhao Hai could understand their motives . They wanted to do to the Ark Continent what they did to the heavy cavalry soldiers .

To be honest, Zhao Hai also held belief that the light cavalry soldiers were slaves of the Divine Race as well . It would be impossible for the Divine Race to send 9th ranks of their own people to the frontlines . One should know that no matter how formidable, light cavalry losses were also quite high .

If the light cavalry and the heavy cavalry were slaves of the Divine Race, then the Divine Race had become scarier . This was because it was possible that they had subdued this people not in the Divine Realm, but on other planes instead .





If the light cavalry and the heavy cavalry were slaves of the Divine Race, then the Divine Race had become scarier . This was because it was possible that they had subdued this people not in the Divine Realm, but on other planes instead .

Zhao Hai’s speculation was not based on nothing . The Ark Continent only had a written history of less than 10 thousand years . And the matters that Iron Hammer told Zhao Hai was only a few years before that . At that time, the Ark Continent still had people ascend towards the Divine Realm . This meant that, at that time, the people in the Ark Continent were quite strong .

Moreover, Iron Hammer’s tale had told them that the ascendants of the Ark Continent had waged war with the Divine Race . There were the gods of the other races as well as some human gods that had fought with them . This might look simple, but when one looks at it carefully, they could see that the Ark Continent held enough talent that their ascendants were able to form a force that can fight with the Divine Race .

If this was the case, then this meant that the Ark Continent had been sending God-ranks for more than tens of thousands of years ago . This showed the longevity and strength of the Divine Realm .

And through all these time, the Divine Race had managed to stay formidable . If they can use their power to invade the Ark Continent, then why can’t they use it on other planes? If the Divine Race used this method on other planes, then this would explain the existence of the light and heavy cavalry units .

This would also explain the reason why the Divine Race decided to invade the Ark Continent . They wanted to make a colony while at the same time, take revenge against the ascended God-ranks from the continent .

Zhao Hai thought about all of this while he was staring at the monitor . As the Divine Race got busy, the worries in Zhao Hai’s heart increased . The military barracks that had been set up can accommodate at least several tens of millions of troops . However, the overall number of troops that the Ark Continent had not reach that number .

Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and consoled him, “Big Brother Hai, don’t worry about it . At the very least, we know that the Divine Race and the Demons aren’t allies . As long as they don’t group up, then we would have our opportunity . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he held Lizzy’s hand as he replied, “I’ll be fine . After all, even if they become allies, we can just abandon the Ark Continent . ”



Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and consoled him, “Big Brother Hai, don’t worry about it . At the very least, we know that the Divine Race and the Demons aren’t allies . As long as they don’t group up, then we would have our opportunity . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he held Lizzy’s hand as he replied, “I’ll be fine . After all, even if they become allies, we can just abandon the Ark Continent . ”

Lizzy nodded . The without notice, a day passed by . Just as Zhao Hai got up, Cai’er flew over to him and said, “Young Master, good news . The materials have matured enough to provide for one God-rank potion and I’ve already started its production . Also, in a few minutes, the tiny pagoda would be finish . Young Master should head over there and see . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll go . Just wait a minute . ” Then he went back to his room and cleaned himself up before he went towards the Processing Machine .

Laura and the others had also got up by now . They had also received the information before they quickly took care of themselves .

Laura and the others were different from other women in the continent, those that would need to do their makeup in half an hour, sometimes even over an hour . At this point, they had already abolished that custom . First reason was because they simply don’t have the time to do so .

The second reason was because there was no need . In the past, they would apply makeup in order to make themselves more attractive . But there was no need to do that right now . They had been drinking spatial water everyday and also ate the things in the Space . This allowed their skin and complexion to be as delicate as a baby’s skin . In this case, they would only ruin their face if they decided to put makeup on .

Because of these two reasons, Laura and the others didn’t bother to do their makeup as they immediately went towards the Processing Machine . They just adjusted their hair and wore some decent clothes .

 Chapter 755 Dreaded By The Demon Race There was a long distance between Demon City and Rising Sun City, so it would be impossible for the Demons to see what happened in Rising Sun City . It was also because of this that Besmir was unable to know what the Demons were doing unless he sent out scouts himself . He only managed to get information because of Zhao Hai . One must say the Besmir really wanted to constrain the Demons, however, he was inferior to Zhao Hai when it came to commanding the other races . Because of this, he thought that unless it was Zhao Hai, it would be impossible for the city to work together in repelling the Demon Race . This matter can be seen in Rising Sun City . In the city, the most suitable scouts would be the Elves . However, Besmir didn t have the authority to command the Elves . This essentially meant that the city had no scouts to use . The Elves only accepted Besmir as their commander because they were giving Zhao Hai face . However, this didn t mean that they would listen to him . But this time, the orders that Besmir sent out came from Zhao Hai . The Elves might not give Besmir any face, but they couldn t just disregard Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai had always been fair in his treatment to other races . If they were punished by Zhao Hai, then not only would their races do nothing, they might even get more punishment instead . Because of this, the Elves immediately went out to deal with the Demon scouts, and with an overwhelming victory at that . Although they were smaller, they still managed to eliminate the group of Demons . Even if this was a small achievement, this was still a huge morale boost for the people in Rising Sun City . Seeing the actions of the Elves, Zhao Hai couldn t help but feel delight . It seems like his decision with the Elves was correct . Most importantly, he also gained a metric about how strong 9th rank Elves could be . In the future, they would be able to understand how to utilize the Elves to their full potential . The Demons wouldn t know about what happened to their scouts, but as Lizzy said, the Demons have reached a state of complete mastery when it came to troop management . If their scouts don t come back in a few hours, then it meant that they had an accident . Otherwise, the scouts would be punished if they came back late . Because of this, when the Demons discovered that their scouts hadn t returned, they immediately knew that something happened . They quickly sent a battalion in order to seek those scouts, but in the end, they were unable to find anything . The Demons also understood that if nothing was found, then the only possibility was that they had been eliminated by the Humans . The Demons knew that there won t be anything left once the scouts were defeated . This was because Zhao Hai was present, and he always turned his enemies into undead . Because of this knowledge, the Demons decided to send a large unit to find the scouts . And even if a battalion was sent, they still didn t dare to approach Rising Sun City . It was clear that the Demons were dreading Zhao Hai . They wouldn t dare face him before they had completed their preparations . Zhao Hai looked at the actions of the Demons in the monitor . When he saw that they didn t attack immediately, he couldn t help but sigh in relief . This time, Zhao Hai sent the Elves out because first, he wanted to see how powerful the Elves were, and second, because he wanted the Demons to dread him even more, making sure that they would hesitate in making a move . However, this situation held its advantages and disadvantages . They Demons might hesitate to make their attack, but when they do, then one could be assured that the Demons will be giving it their all . At that time, even if Zhao Hai personally went out, he would still be unable to stop their advance . But the most fear that Zhao Hai had was the fact that he might not even be able to come out when the time comes . Although the Divine Race reinforcements were yet to arrive, there were all sorts of signals showing that they were on their way . The Divine Race armies were very busy in the military barracks all the time . They had cleaned up every city in the Radiant Empire, this was a clear sign that the reinforcements would arrive . After seeing the Divine Race, Zhao Hai couldn t help but sigh . He really couldn t understand why the Divine Race would want to obtain the Ark Continent . The Divine Realm was a plane that was a level above the continent . Properly speaking, there was nothing in the Ark Continent that was worth their effort . But they still decided to come, was this because the Divine Race had an inborn desire of conquest One could say that it would be unjustified if one were to compare the people in the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent . In the Divine Realm, children were born as 8th ranks, become 9th ranks through adulthood, and God rank after some practice . In this case, why would they look into the Ark Continent Even reaching 9th rank would be difficult for the people in the continent . However, Zhao Hai suddenly changed his mind when he thought about the Divine Race s heavy cavalry . They seem to not be part of the Divine Race . Each and every heavy cavalry rider looked very much like wild men . It was impossible for the Divine Race to have those kinds of people among them . This could only point to the fact that the heavy cavalry units were the Divine Race s slaves . It might be possible for Iron Hammer and the others to be unaware of this fact . This kind of situation was not impossible . Iron Hammer and the others hadn t been to the Divine Realm in tens of thousands of years . A lot of things can happen in those years and it was impossible to know about the actions of the Divine Race during that time . If those heavy cavalry soldiers were really slaves of the Divine Race, then Zhao Hai could understand their motives . They wanted to do to the Ark Continent what they did to the heavy cavalry soldiers . To be honest, Zhao Hai also held belief that the light cavalry soldiers were slaves of the Divine Race as well . It would be impossible for the Divine Race to send 9th ranks of their own people to the frontlines . One should know that no matter how formidable, light cavalry losses were also quite high . If the light cavalry and the heavy cavalry were slaves of the Divine Race, then the Divine Race had become scarier . This was because it was possible that they had subdued this people not in the Divine Realm, but on other planes instead . Zhao Hai s speculation was not based on nothing . The Ark Continent only had a written history of less than 10 thousand years . And the matters that Iron Hammer told Zhao Hai was only a few years before that . At that time, the Ark Continent still had people ascend towards the Divine Realm . This meant that, at that time, the people in the Ark Continent were quite strong . Moreover, Iron Hammer s tale had told them that the ascendants of the Ark Continent had waged war with the Divine Race . There were the gods of the other races as well as some human gods that had fought with them . This might look simple, but when one looks at it carefully, they could see that the Ark Continent held enough talent that their ascendants were able to form a force that can fight with the Divine Race . If this was the case, then this meant that the Ark Continent had been sending God ranks for more than tens of thousands of years ago . This showed the longevity and strength of the Divine Realm . And through all these time, the Divine Race had managed to stay formidable . If they can use their power to invade the Ark Continent, then why can t they use it on other planes If the Divine Race used this method on other planes, then this would explain the existence of the light and heavy cavalry units . This would also explain the reason why the Divine Race decided to invade the Ark Continent . They wanted to make a colony while at the same time, take revenge against the ascended God ranks from the continent . Zhao Hai thought about all of this while he was staring at the monitor . As the Divine Race got busy, the worries in Zhao Hai s heart increased . The military barracks that had been set up can accommodate at least several tens of millions of troops . However, the overall number of troops that the Ark Continent had not reach that number . Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai s expression and consoled him, Big Brother Hai, don t worry about it . At the very least, we know that the Divine Race and the Demons aren t allies . As long as they don t group up, then we would have our opportunity . Zhao Hai nodded, then he held Lizzy s hand as he replied, I ll be fine . After all, even if they become allies, we can just abandon the Ark Continent . Lizzy nodded . The without notice, a day passed by . Just as Zhao Hai got up, Cai er flew over to him and said, Young Master, good news . The materials have matured enough to provide for one God rank potion and I ve already started its production . Also, in a few minutes, the tiny pagoda would be finish . Young Master should head over there and see . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, I ll go . Just wait a minute . Then he went back to his room and cleaned himself up before he went towards the Processing Machine . Laura and the others had also got up by now . They had also received the information before they quickly took care of themselves . Laura and the others were different from other women in the continent, those that would need to do their makeup in half an hour, sometimes even over an hour . At this point, they had already abolished that custom . First reason was because they simply don t have the time to do so . The second reason was because there was no need . In the past, they would apply makeup in order to make themselves more attractive . But there was no need to do that right now . They had been drinking spatial water everyday and also ate the things in the Space . This allowed their skin and complexion to be as delicate as a baby s skin . In this case, they would only ruin their face if they decided to put makeup on . Because of these two reasons, Laura and the others didn t bother to do their makeup as they immediately went towards the Processing Machine . They just adjusted their hair and wore some decent clothes .





* * *





Chapter 756 – Immortal Cultivators Really Exist

Zhao Hai’s group were currently in front of the Processing Machine . The tiny pagoda’s upgrade would be finished in two minutes . On the other hand, the God-rank potion nearby had just started being processed .

After looking at the Processing Machine, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown as he looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, do we have enough money in the Space? Even if we use the materials in the magic backgrounds, we would still use gold coins to make God-rank potions . When that time comes, our expenses surely wouldn’t be small . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, you don’t need to worry . After the Space leveled up to 70, using the materials grown in the magic backgrounds would reduce the price of making God-ranked potions by about half . Moreover, in addition to the materials for the potion, I’ve also planted some highly prized crops in the magic backgrounds . Those things would definitely sell well in the Space, allowing us to be self sufficient in making the potions . Additionally, the materials in the magic backgrounds also reduced the time to make God-rank potions . Originally, the potions would take 48 hours, but now, they will be prepared in eight . ”

Zhao Hai felt relief after he heard this . He didn’t think that the magic background would actually have this much benefits .

Laura turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, keep some potions for us . I heard that after becoming God-rank, one’s skin would improve . Moreover, one could also reach immortality . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but wipe a cold sweat on his forehead as he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, your skins are already soft . If you become God-rank, then I’m afraid I’d slip whenever I embrace you . ”

The faces of the women couldn’t help but turn red, Laura slapped Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Talk less nonsense . ”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master has a point . Actually, the God-rank potion mainly restores the energy of the body, making every cell of a person more energetic . This allowed the person to look as though they are young . By staying in the Space daily, all of you had already achieved this point . So there really is no need for you to use the God-rank potion . ”





Laura stared, then her face lit up as she replied, “Really? Then as long as we don’t leave the Space, then we would live longer than people outside?”

Cai’er smiled and said, “Correct . However, because the Space’s level is still quite low, people couldn’t achieve immortality inside it . If we can obtain more plants and items, making the Space level up, then the lives of the people would get longer . Even if it cannot make you immortal, at the very least it won’t make you age . ”

All of the women were now looking at Cai’er with shining eyes . Then they turned their heads to Zhao Hai . Seeing their blazing gazes, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but put his arm up as he said, “What do you want? If you want to push me down against my wishes, then I will definitely resist . ”

Looking at Zhao Hai’s expression, the women didn’t know whether to laugh or get angry . All of them reached out to Zhao Hai’s waist at the same time and twisted it so hard it even made Zhao Hai scream .

After pinching Zhao Hai, Laura snorted and said, “Why do you always talk nonsense? Brother Hai, if we go to the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm, then we must get some rare plants and magic beasts in order to upgrade the Space as soon as possible . ”

Zhao Hai was currently holding his own waist, he smiled bitterly and said, “When the time comes, we’ll do just that . Right, the tiny pagoda is almost complete . Let’s see what it looks like right now . ”

Just as Zhao Hai said that, the Processing Machine let out a white light before the tiny pagoda appeared in front of Zhao Hai . The pagoda was totally different compared to its past appearance . Originally, the tiny pagoda was black all over . But now, the pagoda looks almost transparent, it looked like it was made out of ten thousand year old ice .

Laura and the others were also looking curiously at the tiny pagoda . Apart from the translucent white appearance, the tiny pagoda had also become eight sided . Wind chimes were still present on each corner of the pagoda, but these chimes were now white, blue, black, red, and yellow .

Zhao Hai understood that these five colors represented the five elements . And these colors were actually arranged according to the eight trigrams position . They were divided into two whites, two yellows, two blues, one red, and one black . These eight represented the five attributes that the eight trigrams were representing . The water and fire elements correspond to their own trigram . The trigrams for heaven(天) and lake(澤) correspond to the gold/metal element . The trigrams for thunder(雷) and wind(風) belong to the wood element . And lastly, the trigrams for mountain(山) and earth/soil(地) corresponds to the earth element . This explains why the eight wind chimes had five different colors .

On the top of the pagoda was a small yin yang pattern . This pattern was always turning, making the pagoda look mystical .





On the top of the pagoda was a small yin yang pattern . This pattern was always turning, making the pagoda look mystical .

Zhao Hai extended his hand as the tiny pagoda flew over . The pagoda revolved around Zhao Hai’s hand as the wind chimes ringed . It sounded delightful, it was as soothing as a child’s laughter .

Zhao Hai was somewhat attracted to this tiny pagoda . It was too attractive, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stroke it with his hand . This action surprised Zhao Hai since the tiny pagoda acted just like a child . It gently rocked back and forth as it rubbed his hand . It was the same as a child rubbing its small head on the arm of his father .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he made his divine sense sink slowly into the pagoda . When his divine sense entered, a surge of information suddenly came to his mind . Zhao Hai stared blankly as he comprehended the information . It didn’t take too long before he was able to discover how to use the pagoda as well as its innate abilities .

The pagoda was quite strong . It can attack and defend, it can also utilize the power of the eight trigrams, five elements, and the yin-yang . It had a handy sound attack that can affect the minds of the enemy . However, its defense was more formidable . The tiny pagoda can emit a shield that can protect Zhao Hai . The shield can block physical, spiritual, and magic attacks . It was a very extraordinary defensive skill .

Most importantly, the tiny pagoda had also kept its swallowing attack . As long as the enemy gets swallowed by the pagoda, it can turn that enemy’s flesh, bones, and soul into energy . As long as this person is within the realm of the eight trigrams and the five elements, then that person would be unable to escape .

And this didn’t even count the fact that the tiny pagoda can use the five elements and transform them into dark energy, providing useful resource to dark creatures . At the same time, it can also transform dark energy into five element energy, allowing it to nourish the world . This property alone made the pagoda an extraordinary item of the world .

After knowing the abilities of the pagoda, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh . He never expected the pagoda to reach this height .

Upon withdrawing his divine sense, Zhao Hai immediately called, “Artifact Spirit, come out . ”

Just as Zhao Hai’s voice fell, a figure appeared on the tiny pagoda . This person wasn’t the one who fought with Zhao Hai, instead, it was a small child who had a yin-yang belly band . It had a round head with black hair that was tied up with two small five colored ropes .





Just as Zhao Hai’s voice fell, a figure appeared on the tiny pagoda . This person wasn’t the one who fought with Zhao Hai, instead, it was a small child who had a yin-yang belly band . It had a round head with black hair that was tied up with two small five colored ropes .

When Zhao Hai saw this artifact spirit, he couldn’t help but stare . His complexion changed as he said, “You’re the artifact spirit? What happened to the original one?”

The artifact spirit immediately replied, “Answering to the Master . The original artifact spirit has been turned into pure energy and has been absorbed by me . However, master can feel relieved, I had inherited the memories of the past artifact spirit . If master wanted to know something, then I can provide you with an answer . ”

Zhao Hai became relieved, he nodded and said, “Just call me young master . Tell me the background of the pagoda’s original master . Tell me the realm where he came from . ”

The small child gave a nod and replied, “Yes, young master . The pagoda’s original master is from a world of cultivators . In that world, cultivators rule over countless planes . The Ark Continent is just one of the smaller planes among those . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he couldn’t help but frown, “If they rule this plane, then why can’t they directly come here, but instead chose to send a projection?”

The small child quickly replied, “Answering the young master . They rule thousands of planes, but they aren’t running them directly . Instead, they would compel powerful people in those planes to worship them and regard them as gods . This would provide the immortal cultivators with faith power . ”

Zhao Hai frowned, “Tell me about the stages of cultivation in that plane . And then tell me what this faith power is . ”

The small child replied, “The stages of cultivation are divided into eight parts . The first and second stage had 12 levels each while the 3rd to 8th stages only had nine . The first stage is called Body Tempering, it was a stage where the focus lied on strengthening the body of the practitioner . This would prepare them for immortal cultivation as well as make them able to study immortal arts . The second stage is called Qi Refining . This stage mainly tackles a person’s breath . This stage would adjust the shortcomings of one’s body as well as fix the damages caused by Body Tempering .

The third stage is the Foundation Establishment stage . Reaching this rank would allow a person to be a true Immortal Cultivator . Their breath would transform along with their bodies . This stage is said to be the starting point of immortal cultivation .

The fourth stage is called the Gold Core stage . People of this rank can reach lifespans of 2000 to 3000 years . They can form a golden dan in their body which can help them absorb energy from the surroundings more efficiently . Their rate of absorption is said to be ten times faster than those in Foundation Establishment .



The third stage is the Foundation Establishment stage . Reaching this rank would allow a person to be a true Immortal Cultivator . Their breath would transform along with their bodies . This stage is said to be the starting point of immortal cultivation .

The fourth stage is called the Gold Core stage . People of this rank can reach lifespans of 2000 to 3000 years . They can form a golden dan in their body which can help them absorb energy from the surroundings more efficiently . Their rate of absorption is said to be ten times faster than those in Foundation Establishment .

The fifth stage is the Nascent Soul stage . Immortal cultivators of this rank would crush their gold cores to form a nascent soul inside their bodies . This nascent soul would be like another personification of the immortal cultivator, helping them cultivate and absorb energy . People in this stage can also use advanced level immortal arts . They can attach their divine sense on objects and turn them into incarnations . And even if their bodies were destroyed, as long as their nascent soul escapes, then they can seize a body from another being . The immortal cultivator that the Young Master had fought with is a Nascent Soul Expert .

The sixth stage is the Spirit Severing stage . Immortal cultivators of this rank can separate their divine sense . This separation is completely different to those in Nascent Soul . Nascent Soul Experts needed magic treasures to attach their souls into . Moreover, the strengths that these incarnations have would only amount to about a tenth of the expert’s true strength . However, for those in Spirit Severing stage, their Divine Sense can exist independently to form incarnations . These incarnations would have about a sixth to a fifth of the Spirit Severing expert’s true cultivation . They could also attach their souls to magic weapons in order to increase its strength .

The seventh stage is called Transcending Tribulation stage . Upon reaching this rank, the Immortal Cultivator would enter the peak powers in the realm . They can have as many incarnations as they can . And each incarnation would have nine-tenths of their true body’s cultivation . Their main bodies were also allowed to study the Heavenly Dao of time as they prepare to face their tribulation . This is the reason why this stage is called Transcending Tribulation .

And the eight stage is the True Immortal stage . After reaching this stage, an Immortal Cultivator would live as long as the heavens and the earth . The heavens and the earth could no longer control their fate, thus they are called True Immortals!”

After speaking up to here, the small child caught his own breath, then he continued, “Faith power is a type of ability that Immortal Cultivators possess . However, average cultivators are unable to use it, even feel it . Only upon reaching Nascent Soul would one start to discover this ability . Faith power not only helps a person cultivatie, but it can also improve an immortal cultivator’s magic treasures . Because of this, as long as an immortal cultivator is from a great sect, they would be allowed to have access to several planes in order to gather faith energy . These planes are inferior planes where the most powerful people are Foundation Establishment experts . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown, “So is it impossible for immortal cultivators to descend on a plane?”

The small child nodded and said, “It is impossible . Cultivators below Nascent Soul would find it difficult to break the Space by themselves . Only if one were to ascend to a higher plane would this be allowed . Nascent Soul Experts are also too powerful to descend, this is the same for Spirit Severing Experts and Transcending Tribulation Experts . On the other hand ,Immortal Stage cultivators can achieve this . But even if they did, they still needed to merge with the heavens and the earth in order to break the space between two planes . And this would be a violation of the laws”

Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai’s frown couldn’t help but turn tighter . He said, “But the Divine Race just destroyed the laws of the Ark Continent . Isn’t this a violation to the heaven and earth?”

The small child shook his head and said, “What I was saying before refers to what the Immortal Cultivators describe to be major planes . These major planes have small planes under them, this included the Ark Continent, Divine Realm, and the Demon Realm along with countless other planes . These major planes are all managed by Nascent Soul Experts . These major planes have their own laws of the heavens and the earth . And if one were to look at the entire universe, the number of these major planes were also countless . So a change in a small plane like the Ark Continent wouldn’t have a huge impact to the entirety of the universe . This meant that even if the Divine Race had broken the laws, it was still the law of a major plane, not the universe itself . ”

 Chapter 756 Immortal Cultivators Really Exist Zhao Hai s group were currently in front of the Processing Machine . The tiny pagoda s upgrade would be finished in two minutes . On the other hand, the God rank potion nearby had just started being processed . After looking at the Processing Machine, Zhao Hai couldn t help but frown as he looked at Cai er and said, Cai er, do we have enough money in the Space Even if we use the materials in the magic backgrounds, we would still use gold coins to make God rank potions . When that time comes, our expenses surely wouldn t be small . Cai er smiled and said, Young Master, you don t need to worry . After the Space leveled up to 70, using the materials grown in the magic backgrounds would reduce the price of making God ranked potions by about half . Moreover, in addition to the materials for the potion, I ve also planted some highly prized crops in the magic backgrounds . Those things would definitely sell well in the Space, allowing us to be self sufficient in making the potions . Additionally, the materials in the magic backgrounds also reduced the time to make God rank potions . Originally, the potions would take 48 hours, but now, they will be prepared in eight . Zhao Hai felt relief after he heard this . He didn t think that the magic background would actually have this much benefits . Laura turned to Cai er and said, Cai er, keep some potions for us . I heard that after becoming God rank, one s skin would improve . Moreover, one could also reach immortality . Zhao Hai couldn t help but wipe a cold sweat on his forehead as he turned to Laura and said, Laura, your skins are already soft . If you become God rank, then I m afraid I d slip whenever I embrace you . The faces of the women couldn t help but turn red, Laura slapped Zhao Hai s shoulder and said, Talk less nonsense . Cai er smiled and said, Young Master has a point . Actually, the God rank potion mainly restores the energy of the body, making every cell of a person more energetic . This allowed the person to look as though they are young . By staying in the Space daily, all of you had already achieved this point . So there really is no need for you to use the God rank potion . Laura stared, then her face lit up as she replied, Really Then as long as we don t leave the Space, then we would live longer than people outside Cai er smiled and said, Correct . However, because the Space s level is still quite low, people couldn t achieve immortality inside it . If we can obtain more plants and items, making the Space level up, then the lives of the people would get longer . Even if it cannot make you immortal, at the very least it won t make you age . All of the women were now looking at Cai er with shining eyes . Then they turned their heads to Zhao Hai . Seeing their blazing gazes, Zhao Hai couldn t help but put his arm up as he said, What do you want If you want to push me down against my wishes, then I will definitely resist . Looking at Zhao Hai s expression, the women didn t know whether to laugh or get angry . All of them reached out to Zhao Hai s waist at the same time and twisted it so hard it even made Zhao Hai scream . After pinching Zhao Hai, Laura snorted and said, Why do you always talk nonsense Brother Hai, if we go to the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm, then we must get some rare plants and magic beasts in order to upgrade the Space as soon as possible . Zhao Hai was currently holding his own waist, he smiled bitterly and said, When the time comes, we ll do just that . Right, the tiny pagoda is almost complete . Let s see what it looks like right now . Just as Zhao Hai said that, the Processing Machine let out a white light before the tiny pagoda appeared in front of Zhao Hai . The pagoda was totally different compared to its past appearance . Originally, the tiny pagoda was black all over . But now, the pagoda looks almost transparent, it looked like it was made out of ten thousand year old ice . Laura and the others were also looking curiously at the tiny pagoda . Apart from the translucent white appearance, the tiny pagoda had also become eight sided . Wind chimes were still present on each corner of the pagoda, but these chimes were now white, blue, black, red, and yellow . Zhao Hai understood that these five colors represented the five elements . And these colors were actually arranged according to the eight trigrams position . They were divided into two whites, two yellows, two blues, one red, and one black . These eight represented the five attributes that the eight trigrams were representing . The water and fire elements correspond to their own trigram . The trigrams for heaven and lake correspond to the gold metal element . The trigrams for thunder and wind belong to the wood element . And lastly, the trigrams for mountain and earth soil corresponds to the earth element . This explains why the eight wind chimes had five different colors . On the top of the pagoda was a small yin yang pattern . This pattern was always turning, making the pagoda look mystical . Zhao Hai extended his hand as the tiny pagoda flew over . The pagoda revolved around Zhao Hai s hand as the wind chimes ringed . It sounded delightful, it was as soothing as a child s laughter . Zhao Hai was somewhat attracted to this tiny pagoda . It was too attractive, Zhao Hai couldn t help but stroke it with his hand . This action surprised Zhao Hai since the tiny pagoda acted just like a child . It gently rocked back and forth as it rubbed his hand . It was the same as a child rubbing its small head on the arm of his father . Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile as he made his divine sense sink slowly into the pagoda . When his divine sense entered, a surge of information suddenly came to his mind . Zhao Hai stared blankly as he comprehended the information . It didn t take too long before he was able to discover how to use the pagoda as well as its innate abilities . The pagoda was quite strong . It can attack and defend, it can also utilize the power of the eight trigrams, five elements, and the yin yang . It had a handy sound attack that can affect the minds of the enemy . However, its defense was more formidable . The tiny pagoda can emit a shield that can protect Zhao Hai . The shield can block physical, spiritual, and magic attacks . It was a very extraordinary defensive skill . Most importantly, the tiny pagoda had also kept its swallowing attack . As long as the enemy gets swallowed by the pagoda, it can turn that enemy s flesh, bones, and soul into energy . As long as this person is within the realm of the eight trigrams and the five elements, then that person would be unable to escape . And this didn t even count the fact that the tiny pagoda can use the five elements and transform them into dark energy, providing useful resource to dark creatures . At the same time, it can also transform dark energy into five element energy, allowing it to nourish the world . This property alone made the pagoda an extraordinary item of the world . After knowing the abilities of the pagoda, Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh . He never expected the pagoda to reach this height . Upon withdrawing his divine sense, Zhao Hai immediately called, Artifact Spirit, come out . Just as Zhao Hai s voice fell, a figure appeared on the tiny pagoda . This person wasn t the one who fought with Zhao Hai, instead, it was a small child who had a yin yang belly band . It had a round head with black hair that was tied up with two small five colored ropes . When Zhao Hai saw this artifact spirit, he couldn t help but stare . His complexion changed as he said, You re the artifact spirit What happened to the original one The artifact spirit immediately replied, Answering to the Master . The original artifact spirit has been turned into pure energy and has been absorbed by me . However, master can feel relieved, I had inherited the memories of the past artifact spirit . If master wanted to know something, then I can provide you with an answer . Zhao Hai became relieved, he nodded and said, Just call me young master . Tell me the background of the pagoda s original master . Tell me the realm where he came from . The small child gave a nod and replied, Yes, young master . The pagoda s original master is from a world of cultivators . In that world, cultivators rule over countless planes . The Ark Continent is just one of the smaller planes among those . Zhao Hai stared, he couldn t help but frown, If they rule this plane, then why can t they directly come here, but instead chose to send a projection The small child quickly replied, Answering the young master . They rule thousands of planes, but they aren t running them directly . Instead, they would compel powerful people in those planes to worship them and regard them as gods . This would provide the immortal cultivators with faith power . Zhao Hai frowned, Tell me about the stages of cultivation in that plane . And then tell me what this faith power is . The small child replied, The stages of cultivation are divided into eight parts . The first and second stage had 12 levels each while the 3rd to 8th stages only had nine . The first stage is called Body Tempering, it was a stage where the focus lied on strengthening the body of the practitioner . This would prepare them for immortal cultivation as well as make them able to study immortal arts . The second stage is called Qi Refining . This stage mainly tackles a person s breath . This stage would adjust the shortcomings of one s body as well as fix the damages caused by Body Tempering . The third stage is the Foundation Establishment stage . Reaching this rank would allow a person to be a true Immortal Cultivator . Their breath would transform along with their bodies . This stage is said to be the starting point of immortal cultivation . The fourth stage is called the Gold Core stage . People of this rank can reach lifespans of 2000 to 3000 years . They can form a golden dan in their body which can help them absorb energy from the surroundings more efficiently . Their rate of absorption is said to be ten times faster than those in Foundation Establishment . The fifth stage is the Nascent Soul stage . Immortal cultivators of this rank would crush their gold cores to form a nascent soul inside their bodies . This nascent soul would be like another personification of the immortal cultivator, helping them cultivate and absorb energy . People in this stage can also use advanced level immortal arts . They can attach their divine sense on objects and turn them into incarnations . And even if their bodies were destroyed, as long as their nascent soul escapes, then they can seize a body from another being . The immortal cultivator that the Young Master had fought with is a Nascent Soul Expert . The sixth stage is the Spirit Severing stage . Immortal cultivators of this rank can separate their divine sense . This separation is completely different to those in Nascent Soul . Nascent Soul Experts needed magic treasures to attach their souls into . Moreover, the strengths that these incarnations have would only amount to about a tenth of the expert s true strength . However, for those in Spirit Severing stage, their Divine Sense can exist independently to form incarnations . These incarnations would have about a sixth to a fifth of the Spirit Severing expert s true cultivation . They could also attach their souls to magic weapons in order to increase its strength . The seventh stage is called Transcending Tribulation stage . Upon reaching this rank, the Immortal Cultivator would enter the peak powers in the realm . They can have as many incarnations as they can . And each incarnation would have nine tenths of their true body s cultivation . Their main bodies were also allowed to study the Heavenly Dao of time as they prepare to face their tribulation . This is the reason why this stage is called Transcending Tribulation . And the eight stage is the True Immortal stage . After reaching this stage, an Immortal Cultivator would live as long as the heavens and the earth . The heavens and the earth could no longer control their fate, thus they are called True Immortals After speaking up to here, the small child caught his own breath, then he continued, Faith power is a type of ability that Immortal Cultivators possess . However, average cultivators are unable to use it, even feel it . Only upon reaching Nascent Soul would one start to discover this ability . Faith power not only helps a person cultivatie, but it can also improve an immortal cultivator s magic treasures . Because of this, as long as an immortal cultivator is from a great sect, they would be allowed to have access to several planes in order to gather faith energy . These planes are inferior planes where the most powerful people are Foundation Establishment experts . Zhao Hai couldn t help but frown, So is it impossible for immortal cultivators to descend on a plane The small child nodded and said, It is impossible . Cultivators below Nascent Soul would find it difficult to break the Space by themselves . Only if one were to ascend to a higher plane would this be allowed . Nascent Soul Experts are also too powerful to descend, this is the same for Spirit Severing Experts and Transcending Tribulation Experts . On the other hand ,Immortal Stage cultivators can achieve this . But even if they did, they still needed to merge with the heavens and the earth in order to break the space between two planes . And this would be a violation of the laws Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai s frown couldn t help but turn tighter . He said, But the Divine Race just destroyed the laws of the Ark Continent . Isn t this a violation to the heaven and earth The small child shook his head and said, What I was saying before refers to what the Immortal Cultivators describe to be major planes . These major planes have small planes under them, this included the Ark Continent, Divine Realm, and the Demon Realm along with countless other planes . These major planes are all managed by Nascent Soul Experts . These major planes have their own laws of the heavens and the earth . And if one were to look at the entire universe, the number of these major planes were also countless . So a change in a small plane like the Ark Continent wouldn t have a huge impact to the entirety of the universe . This meant that even if the Divine Race had broken the laws, it was still the law of a major plane, not the universe itself .





* * *





Chapter 757 – Five Gates Sect

Zhao Hai nodded . He had understood so much from what the small child had said . He looked at the artifact spirit and said, “What is the name of the cultivator that fought with me? What sect did he belong to?”

The small child replied, “Young Master, that person is called Lu Wei, an immortal cultivator of the Five Gates Sect . A Nascent Soul Elder . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown as he asked, “What sect is this Five Gates Sect?”

The child replied, “Five Gate Sect is created by a person know as Five Gates immortal . He was a talented person ever since childhood . But because his family was poor, he lived on as a monk . Later on, when it was discovered that his root was extraordinary, he was immediately selected to become an outer disciple in a famous sect called the Golden Light Temple . However, nobody thought that his talent would surpass what everybody expected . In just three years, he managed to breeze through the 12 levels of Body Tempering, going on to become an official disciple . And then in five years, he would break through to Foundation Establishment, becoming an inner disciple . Then ten years after that, he had managed to form his gold core, becoming a Golden Core cultivator, propping him into a position of a core disciple . This is also the stage that divided disciples from each other . If one’s root is good, then they can become an official disciple, if it wasn’t, then one can only do chores . If a disciple can reach level 9 or more in Body Tempering within five years, then they would be promoted to being a formal disciple . If he can reach Qi Refining within ten years, then he can become an inner disciple . And within 100 years of entering the temple, if one were to reach Gold Core stage, then he would become a core disciple, a genius within the temple . ”

The small child stopped for a moment here to look at Zhao Hai’s expression . Seeing that nothing has changed, he continued, “But afterwards, when FIve Gates immortal went out to do a mission, he was ambushed by someone, causing him serious injuries . Although he has been able to protect his live, his cultivation has been lost . The person who ordered his ambush was suspected to be from a very high background within the temple . In the end, he was expelled out of the sect . ”





Zhao Hai gave a nod . Being heartless was a common trait of immortal cultivators .

Seeing how Zhao Hai was interested, the small child went back to his story, “But who would’ve thought that when Five Gates immortal got kicked out of the temple, he would actually meet a famous person . This person was titled Five Resolves Daoist . Five Resolve Daoist was a rogue cultivator that had become famous among the immortal cultivators . His cultivation method is known as the Five Resolves Art . To practice this art, one needed to achieve five goals in their emotions: absolute kinship, absolute love, absolute morality, absolute friendship, and absolute justice . It can be said that one needed to be resolved to be righteous in order to practice this art . After Five Gates immortal met Five Resolves Daoist, nobody knew what Five Resolves Daoist did or used, but he actually managed to restore Five Gates immortal’s cultivation . Moreover, it seems like his cultivation had shot up to more than what he had before . After Five Resolves Daoist died, Five Gates immortal began to spread his name to the world . With his talent, he managed to use the Five Resolves Art in order to reach Transcending Cultivation stage . Afterwards, he created Five Gates sect and became the Sect Master . This was something that even Five Resolves Daoist haven’t done . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, it seems like this Five Gates immortal was truly formidable . After thinking for a moment, Zhao Hai turned to the small child and said, “Where is this Five Gates immortal now? How strong is the Five Gates Sect? What status did Lu Wei have inside the sect?” The small child replied, “Nobody knows where Five Gates immortal is since he hadn’t appeared for a long time . Some people said that he had survived his great tribulation and had become a True Immortal . Some said that he had lost his life during his closed-door cultivation . However, all of these are rumors, nobody knew exactly where and what happened to the immortal . As for Young Master’s second question, although Five Gates Sect can’t compare to the extremely powerful sects, it can still be considered to be first rate . As for Lu Wei’s status in the sect, it isn’t that high . He only became an elder because of his cultivation level . ”

Zhao Hai nodded . Although he looked quite calm, his heart actually turned heavy . He wasn’t worried about Lu Wei, instead, he was worried about the Five Gates Sect . If they become enemies with this sect, then their futures wouldn’t be very good .

Laura and the others were currently standing by Zhao Hai’s side as the small child answered the questions . Although they couldn’t understand the conversation, they still knew that immortal cultivators were extremely terrifying people . In the eyes of immortal cultivators, they might just be like ants .

Zhao Hai looked at the small child . The child’s face was adorably plump, looking just like China’s olympic games mascot . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “You’ll be called Fuwa from now on . Tell me more about this plane where the immortal cultivators reside . ” Fuwa immediately replied, “Yes, Young Master . The immortal realm is incomparable large . Nobody knew how many planes it it had but these planes are connected with transmission formations . At the same time, there are also major planes larger than the Ark Continent and Divine Realm . In these planes, there would be a constant number of people who will ascend to the immortal realm . But to accomplish that, one needed to have cultivated up to Gold Core stage . Upon ascending, the best result that one could come up to is becoming a disciple to a big sect . ”[1]





Zhao Hai looked at the small child . The child’s face was adorably plump, looking just like China’s olympic games mascot . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “You’ll be called Fuwa from now on . Tell me more about this plane where the immortal cultivators reside . ” Fuwa immediately replied, “Yes, Young Master . The immortal realm is incomparable large . Nobody knew how many planes it it had but these planes are connected with transmission formations . At the same time, there are also major planes larger than the Ark Continent and Divine Realm . In these planes, there would be a constant number of people who will ascend to the immortal realm . But to accomplish that, one needed to have cultivated up to Gold Core stage . Upon ascending, the best result that one could come up to is becoming a disciple to a big sect . ”[1]

Zhao Hai nodded, just as he thought, the immortal realm was much stronger than the Ark Continent . Lu Wei also said that when Zhao Hai ascends into the higher planes, he would then deal with him . People with a high enough cultivation would indeed ascend to a higher realm, much like how God-ranks of the Ark Continent ascend to the Divine Realm .

When Fuwa saw that Zhao Hai was listening intently, he said, “Young Master, there are also many large sects in the Immortal Realm . In addition to Five Gates sect and Golden Light Temple, there are also the 180 Buddhist Temples, 81 Supreme Dao Sects, 36 Demonic Sects, and 72 Earth Fiend Sects . These are the most famous sects in the realm . ”

Zhao Hai frowned as he said, “What is going on with this 180 Temples? Do they belong to one group or are they separate sects?”

Fuwa answered, “Young Master, one could say that they belong to different sects . Golden Light Temple is actually one of them . The 180 temples is just a collective name for the sects that cultivate in the way of Buddhism . The 81 Daoist sects are the same . However, one couldn’t say that they are an alliance . Some of these sects are quite hostile to each other . The 30 Demon Sects and 70 Earth Fiend Sects also follow the same description . These sects can be said to be the actual rulers of the Immortal Realm . After them are the powerful cultivation families and then the different Rogue alliances . However, their overall strength is far worse than the big sects, so they don’t have much say in the decisions of the Realm . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Fuwa and said, “Alright, we’ll talk more about these things later . What I want you to do now is to improve the undead . Can you do it?”

Fuwa nodded and said, “Young master, that is not a problem . Although Young Master’s undead aren’t that strong, it is still not easy to upgrade them . I can only upgrade 81 undead at one time and it would take nine days to do so . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he sighed, “Alright . However, can you still fight while you are improving the undead?”





Fuwa nodded and said, “Young master, that is not a problem . Although Young Master’s undead aren’t that strong, it is still not easy to upgrade them . I can only upgrade 81 undead at one time and it would take nine days to do so . ” Zhao Hai nodded, then he sighed, “Alright . However, can you still fight while you are improving the undead?”

Fuwa nodded, “I am, however, it would slow down the progress of the upgrade . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then upgrade these 81 first . ” Then he waved his hand as 81 undead appeared around him, these undead were dragons . The fighting strength of the Dragon race was much stronger than the Humans . Although the undead had the same rank of 9th rank, the dragons still held an edge compared to the other undead . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to upgrade the dragons first .

At this point, Zhao Hai had placed his undead in the Hell background to upgrade them as soon as possible . But although the background was useful to the undead, its effects couldn’t manifest in a short time .

Fuwa didn’t say any words as he received the undead inside the tiny pagoda . Then he proceeded to stare at Zhao Hai, looking quite adorable while doing it .

Zhao Hai had no reaction to this stare . On the other hand, the eyes of Laura and the others were shining . Laura couldn’t help but stretch her hand out and touch Fuwa . Fuwa seems to know about Zhao Hai’s relationship with the women, so he didn’t hide . However, even if he didn’t, Laura still couldn’t touch his body . Fuwa was just an artifact spirit, he didn’t have a corporeal body, only the tiny pagoda . Because of this, Laura’s hand just went through Fuwa’s body .

Laura stared, she couldn’t help but look disappointed at Fuwa . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then said, “Don’t worry, as long as Fuwa gets upgraded, then he will slowly turn into a genuine child . ”



Zhao Hai had no reaction to this stare . On the other hand, the eyes of Laura and the others were shining . Laura couldn’t help but stretch her hand out and touch Fuwa . Fuwa seems to know about Zhao Hai’s relationship with the women, so he didn’t hide . However, even if he didn’t, Laura still couldn’t touch his body . Fuwa was just an artifact spirit, he didn’t have a corporeal body, only the tiny pagoda . Because of this, Laura’s hand just went through Fuwa’s body .

Laura stared, she couldn’t help but look disappointed at Fuwa . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then said, “Don’t worry, as long as Fuwa gets upgraded, then he will slowly turn into a genuine child . ”

Fuwa nodded at Zhao Hai’s words and said, “Indeed” Laura smiled when she heard this, then she turned to Fuwa and said, “How can you be upgraded?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That would have to depend on me . The stronger I get, the more benefits he would have . ” Then after that, the tiny pagoda entered his mouth and settled in his lower dantian, where it was nourished by Zhao Hai’s body .

Since the tiny pagoda has been received by Zhao Hai, Fuwa naturally disappeared . But at this time, Laura and the others were staring at Zhao Hai . Laura couldn’t help but say in surprise, “Brother Hai, did, did you just eat Fuwa?”

It can mean either lucky doll or blessed baby  Chapter 757 Five Gates Sect Zhao Hai nodded . He had understood so much from what the small child had said . He looked at the artifact spirit and said, What is the name of the cultivator that fought with me What sect did he belong to The small child replied, Young Master, that person is called Lu Wei, an immortal cultivator of the Five Gates Sect . A Nascent Soul Elder . Zhao Hai couldn t help but frown as he asked, What sect is this Five Gates Sect The child replied, Five Gate Sect is created by a person know as Five Gates immortal . He was a talented person ever since childhood . But because his family was poor, he lived on as a monk . Later on, when it was discovered that his root was extraordinary, he was immediately selected to become an outer disciple in a famous sect called the Golden Light Temple . However, nobody thought that his talent would surpass what everybody expected . In just three years, he managed to breeze through the 12 levels of Body Tempering, going on to become an official disciple . And then in five years, he would break through to Foundation Establishment, becoming an inner disciple . Then ten years after that, he had managed to form his gold core, becoming a Golden Core cultivator, propping him into a position of a core disciple . This is also the stage that divided disciples from each other . If one s root is good, then they can become an official disciple, if it wasn t, then one can only do chores . If a disciple can reach level 9 or more in Body Tempering within five years, then they would be promoted to being a formal disciple . If he can reach Qi Refining within ten years, then he can become an inner disciple . And within 100 years of entering the temple, if one were to reach Gold Core stage, then he would become a core disciple, a genius within the temple . The small child stopped for a moment here to look at Zhao Hai s expression . Seeing that nothing has changed, he continued, But afterwards, when FIve Gates immortal went out to do a mission, he was ambushed by someone, causing him serious injuries . Although he has been able to protect his live, his cultivation has been lost . The person who ordered his ambush was suspected to be from a very high background within the temple . In the end, he was expelled out of the sect . Zhao Hai gave a nod . Being heartless was a common trait of immortal cultivators . Seeing how Zhao Hai was interested, the small child went back to his story, But who would ve thought that when Five Gates immortal got kicked out of the temple, he would actually meet a famous person . This person was titled Five Resolves Daoist . Five Resolve Daoist was a rogue cultivator that had become famous among the immortal cultivators . His cultivation method is known as the Five Resolves Art . To practice this art, one needed to achieve five goals in their emotions absolute kinship, absolute love, absolute morality, absolute friendship, and absolute justice . It can be said that one needed to be resolved to be righteous in order to practice this art . After Five Gates immortal met Five Resolves Daoist, nobody knew what Five Resolves Daoist did or used, but he actually managed to restore Five Gates immortal s cultivation . Moreover, it seems like his cultivation had shot up to more than what he had before . After Five Resolves Daoist died, Five Gates immortal began to spread his name to the world . With his talent, he managed to use the Five Resolves Art in order to reach Transcending Cultivation stage . Afterwards, he created Five Gates sect and became the Sect Master . This was something that even Five Resolves Daoist haven t done . Zhao Hai nodded, it seems like this Five Gates immortal was truly formidable . After thinking for a moment, Zhao Hai turned to the small child and said, Where is this Five Gates immortal now How strong is the Five Gates Sect What status did Lu Wei have inside the sect The small child replied, Nobody knows where Five Gates immortal is since he hadn t appeared for a long time . Some people said that he had survived his great tribulation and had become a True Immortal . Some said that he had lost his life during his closed door cultivation . However, all of these are rumors, nobody knew exactly where and what happened to the immortal . As for Young Master s second question, although Five Gates Sect can t compare to the extremely powerful sects, it can still be considered to be first rate . As for Lu Wei s status in the sect, it isn t that high . He only became an elder because of his cultivation level . Zhao Hai nodded . Although he looked quite calm, his heart actually turned heavy . He wasn t worried about Lu Wei, instead, he was worried about the Five Gates Sect . If they become enemies with this sect, then their futures wouldn t be very good . Laura and the others were currently standing by Zhao Hai s side as the small child answered the questions . Although they couldn t understand the conversation, they still knew that immortal cultivators were extremely terrifying people . In the eyes of immortal cultivators, they might just be like ants . Zhao Hai looked at the small child . The child s face was adorably plump, looking just like China s olympic games mascot . Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile and said, You ll be called Fuwa from now on . Tell me more about this plane where the immortal cultivators reside . Fuwa immediately replied, Yes, Young Master . The immortal realm is incomparable large . Nobody knew how many planes it it had but these planes are connected with transmission formations . At the same time, there are also major planes larger than the Ark Continent and Divine Realm . In these planes, there would be a constant number of people who will ascend to the immortal realm . But to accomplish that, one needed to have cultivated up to Gold Core stage . Upon ascending, the best result that one could come up to is becoming a disciple to a big sect . 1 Zhao Hai nodded, just as he thought, the immortal realm was much stronger than the Ark Continent . Lu Wei also said that when Zhao Hai ascends into the higher planes, he would then deal with him . People with a high enough cultivation would indeed ascend to a higher realm, much like how God ranks of the Ark Continent ascend to the Divine Realm . When Fuwa saw that Zhao Hai was listening intently, he said, Young Master, there are also many large sects in the Immortal Realm . In addition to Five Gates sect and Golden Light Temple, there are also the 180 Buddhist Temples, 81 Supreme Dao Sects, 36 Demonic Sects, and 72 Earth Fiend Sects . These are the most famous sects in the realm . Zhao Hai frowned as he said, What is going on with this 180 Temples Do they belong to one group or are they separate sects Fuwa answered, Young Master, one could say that they belong to different sects . Golden Light Temple is actually one of them . The 180 temples is just a collective name for the sects that cultivate in the way of Buddhism . The 81 Daoist sects are the same . However, one couldn t say that they are an alliance . Some of these sects are quite hostile to each other . The 30 Demon Sects and 70 Earth Fiend Sects also follow the same description . These sects can be said to be the actual rulers of the Immortal Realm . After them are the powerful cultivation families and then the different Rogue alliances . However, their overall strength is far worse than the big sects, so they don t have much say in the decisions of the Realm . Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Fuwa and said, Alright, we ll talk more about these things later . What I want you to do now is to improve the undead . Can you do it Fuwa nodded and said, Young master, that is not a problem . Although Young Master s undead aren t that strong, it is still not easy to upgrade them . I can only upgrade 81 undead at one time and it would take nine days to do so . Zhao Hai nodded, then he sighed, Alright . However, can you still fight while you are improving the undead Fuwa nodded, I am, however, it would slow down the progress of the upgrade . Zhao Hai nodded, Alright, then upgrade these 81 first . Then he waved his hand as 81 undead appeared around him, these undead were dragons . The fighting strength of the Dragon race was much stronger than the Humans . Although the undead had the same rank of 9th rank, the dragons still held an edge compared to the other undead . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to upgrade the dragons first . At this point, Zhao Hai had placed his undead in the Hell background to upgrade them as soon as possible . But although the background was useful to the undead, its effects couldn t manifest in a short time . Fuwa didn t say any words as he received the undead inside the tiny pagoda . Then he proceeded to stare at Zhao Hai, looking quite adorable while doing it . Zhao Hai had no reaction to this stare . On the other hand, the eyes of Laura and the others were shining . Laura couldn t help but stretch her hand out and touch Fuwa . Fuwa seems to know about Zhao Hai s relationship with the women, so he didn t hide . However, even if he didn t, Laura still couldn t touch his body . Fuwa was just an artifact spirit, he didn t have a corporeal body, only the tiny pagoda . Because of this, Laura s hand just went through Fuwa s body . Laura stared, she couldn t help but look disappointed at Fuwa . Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then said, Don t worry, as long as Fuwa gets upgraded, then he will slowly turn into a genuine child . Fuwa nodded at Zhao Hai s words and said, Indeed Laura smiled when she heard this, then she turned to Fuwa and said, How can you be upgraded Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, That would have to depend on me . The stronger I get, the more benefits he would have . Then after that, the tiny pagoda entered his mouth and settled in his lower dantian, where it was nourished by Zhao Hai s body . Since the tiny pagoda has been received by Zhao Hai, Fuwa naturally disappeared . But at this time, Laura and the others were staring at Zhao Hai . Laura couldn t help but say in surprise, Brother Hai, did, did you just eat Fuwa It can mean either lucky doll or blessed baby





* * *


 758: 758

Chapter 758 – Slaves of the Divine Race



When Zhao Hai heard Laura, he almost lost himself and fainted . He looked at Laura and said, “Why would I eat him? I just placed the tiny pagoda inside my body, nourishing it with my energy . Only through this can Fuwa slowly improve . ”



Suddenly, Laura seemed to have found something out, “So it’s actually that . So after nourishing him, he would become a true child? Then Brother Hai, wouldn’t that be the same as you being pregnant with Fuwa?”



Zhao Hai’s jaw slammed into the ground . As he looked at the laughing women, he couldn’t help but shout, “You actually dared to tease me! Let’s see how I’ll deal with you all!” Then he went on to chase the women who were still laughing with glee .



After having fun for a while, the group returned to the villa with Zhao Hai’s mind becoming very relaxed . After entering the living room, Zhao Hai immediately turned on the monitor to see the situation back in the Demon Race’s camp .



The Demons were still calm despite having their scouts killed . However, starting from then, they began to send large scouting parties . Due to their numbers, it would be impossible for the Dwarves to kill them all .



It seems like the Demons had already decided to have a steady approach in their attack . This made Zhao Hai frown, this was because the more the Demons prepared, the less flaws their plans would have . It was just like how a worried farmer would double check every single piece of land, making sure that everything was plowed properly . This fastidiousness would allow the farmer to see which parts of his land was plowed quite shallow . On the other hand, a farmer that was in a hurry would never find any problems with his job .



The Demons were just like worried farmers right now . They were considering every more they make before taking a step forward . As long as they find no problems, they would proceed . Although their crops were slow, they can be assured that their harvests would be good .



Zhao Hai frowned as he lightly sighed and said, “I really am not sure if these people are Demons anymore . Aren’t the Demons quite known for being aggressive fighters? But from what we see, it seems like they are taking things quite slow . It should be really hard for them to endure this long . ”



Laura was also frowning, “The behaviour of the Demons are really unusual . It can be seen that their commander is quite the patient fellow . This calm advance could only mean bad things for us . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned the monitor to look at the Divine Race . The Divine Race had already made good with their military barracks and had already started to send troops to the Buddha Empire’s border . They already had the Radiant Empire under their full control .



What surprised Zhao Hai the most were the people that came from the Divine Realm today . Although these people came from the Divine Realm, Zhao Hai can clearly see that they weren’t natives .



These people were short and small, similar to the Dwarves . However, they didn’t have the strong bodies of the Dwarves, instead, they were quite thin and looked weak . Additionally, they had green skins, two sharp ears like the Elves, and big black eyes . They didn’t have any shred of fur on their skin . They looked very strange, quite the opposite of cute .



At this moment, these small creatures were being driven forward by a Divine Race person using a whip . These little creatures were almost naked, only wearing a pair of shorts . A lot of them had injuries on their bodies, and their skins were almost sticking to their bones . They looked just like the starved slaves of the Ark Continent .



Upon seeing these people, Zhao Hai immediately knew that they were slaves of the Divine Race . But he didn’t know where these slaves were taken from .



Laura and the others couldn’t help but feel sympathy towards these creatures . Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, do you know who these little creatures are? Why haven’t I heard about them from Iron Hammer?”



Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t know . Iron Hammer hadn’t mentioned these people as well . I reckon these creatures were captured by the Divine Race in the past ten thousand years . This might explain why Iron Hammer and the others weren’t aware of them . They seem to have the same nature as the heavy cavalry units .



Laura nodded, then she continued to look at the small people and said, “Why would the Divine Race send them here? Are they here to help build more military barracks?”



Zhao Hai sneered and said, “Not to build . Look, you can see that they had brought grain along with them . At this point, bringing supplies from the Divine Race to here would be an inconvenience, it would cost them too much . And although the Radiant Empire is the smallest Empire in the continent, there is still quite a large arabel area inside its territory . If they use these lands for farming, then it would be possible to help supply the Divine Race army . It seems like the Divine Race had already decided to have a long and drawn out war . ”



Laura nodded, “That seems to be the case . If we didn’t have the Space, then transporting food and supplies would truly be very costly . And the Divine Race didn’t want it to be this way . ”



Zhao Hai sighed, “I’m afraid that with this move of farming inside the Radiant Empire, the Divine Race had started to take root in the continent . Later on, if we want to drive them away, the resistance would be more intense, it wouldn’t be easy for us . ”



Lizzy knit her brows and said, “Brother Hai, do you think that the Divine Race has already conquered other small planes? Did Fuwa ever say any of these? We are in a major plane composed of smaller planes . If the Divine Race decided to deal with the Ark Continent, then its possible that they had done it to other planes . The heavy cavalry and their other slaves should have come from those smaller planes . ”



Zhao Hai had already thought about this, so he said, “Correct, that is highly probable . If this is really the case, then things would become quite troublesome . No wonder the Divine Race started to move in after occupying the Radiant Empire . It seems like this isn’t their first time doing it . ”



Lizzy gave a nod, “The Divine Race are truly formidable, they’re as difficult to deal with as the Demons . It seems like these two races would become great headaches in the future . I hope that when the time comes, they would get into a conflict with themselves . Otherwise, our burdens would only increase . ”



Zhao Hai can understand Lizzy’s thoughts . Lizzy was referring to the time when they have already retreated to the Accra Mountains . They would block both parties there and then hope that they would fight each other . In this way, they would be catching fish without the help of a fisherman .



Zhao Hai gave out a sigh, he knew how cunning the Demons and the Divine Race were . If they want the two of them to fight, then Zhao Hai’s side needed to have the capability to do so . Only when the two parties were unable to capture the Accra Mountain would they possibly fight . Otherwise, they would deal with the Ark Continent’s residents first, fighting each other wouldn’t be too late after the residents have been taken care of .



And just as what Zhao Hai thought, the slaves that the Divine Race brought had started to cultivate the ground . From their skillful actions, one could see that they were already used to this lifestyle .



Zhao Hai sighed, the Divine Race was truly determined to get the Ark Continent . With these slaves, they wouldn’t need to care about the getting slaves from the Ark Continent . It seems like they would be more ruthless from now on .



After some time, Zhao Hai let out a loud breath before he stood up . Then he turned to Laura and the others and said, “From now on, we’ll prepare a lot of spatial water in order to promote every single person in the continent . At this point, its is either the Demons and the Divine Race perishing, or us . We couldn’t just wait here to be slaughtered, we need to take the fight to them . ”



Laura nodded, with a firm expression she added, “Alright . I agree with Brother Hai . Even if we can’t make them God-ranks, as long as we have 9th ranks, we can deal with the attacks of the two races . Additionally, we also have our 9th rank magic beasts . ”



Megan gave a nod as well . “There are a lot of troops in the continent . But since their strengths are too low, they couldn’t provide that much help . As soon as they get stronger, the average strength of the continent would rise . This would make it more convenient for us to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race . ”



Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and couldn’t help but bitterly sigh, “However, if we do this, the secret of the Space will be exposed . Forget it, this is the only way forward . If we don’t resist, then there would be no hope for the future . When that time comes, what will be the use of the Space? Laura, immediately contact the Rulers and Patriarchs of the various powers . Tell them about our plan to release massive amounts of potions in order to promote the troops of the continent . Tell them that we would upgrade them to 8th ranks and that the 9th rank potion would be on the way . ”



Laura and the others immediately nodded before going off to settle the affair . Then Zhao Hai turned to look at the Divine Race and sighed once more . To be honest, his decision to release spatial water was actually influenced by Fuwa .



Fuwa made him understand a lot about the Immortal Realm . The Divine Race might be powerful, but in the end, they were just pawns of an elder of the Five Gates Sect, used in order to gather faith power . The people of the lower realms were just livestock to them, just like pigs, chicken, and sheep .



Moreover, the Five Gates Sect wasn’t the biggest sect in the Immortal Realm, only one of the numerous first-rate sects . From what he understood listening to Fuwa, the Five Gates Sect wasn’t even a member of the 180 Buddhist Temples, 81 Daoist Sects, 36 Devil Sects, nor the 72 Earth Fiend Sects . In other words, the strength of the cultivators in the Five Gates Sect can only be ranked at most in the top 400 sects in the Immortal Realm . If a normal elder of such a sect is enough to control the lower realm, then how about those more powerful than him?



The great strength of these immortal cultivators had stimulated Zhao Hai . He didn’t want to become just a pig inside a pen . He didn’t want to become an ant in another person’s eye . He wanted to rebel, he wanted to be competent enough that these immortal cultivators wouldn’t dare to look down on him . He wanted to prevent himself from being stepped on under their feet!



Chapter 758 Slaves of the Divine RaceWhen Zhao Hai heard Laura, he almost lost himself and fainted . He looked at Laura and said, Why would I eat him I just placed the tiny pagoda inside my body, nourishing it with my energy . Only through this can Fuwa slowly improve . Suddenly, Laura seemed to have found something out, So it s actually that . So after nourishing him, he would become a true child Then Brother Hai, wouldn t that be the same as you being pregnant with Fuwa Zhao Hai s jaw slammed into the ground . As he looked at the laughing women, he couldn t help but shout, You actually dared to tease me Let s see how I ll deal with you all Then he went on to chase the women who were still laughing with glee . After having fun for a while, the group returned to the villa with Zhao Hai s mind becoming very relaxed . After entering the living room, Zhao Hai immediately turned on the monitor to see the situation back in the Demon Race s camp . The Demons were still calm despite having their scouts killed . However, starting from then, they began to send large scouting parties . Due to their numbers, it would be impossible for the Dwarves to kill them all . It seems like the Demons had already decided to have a steady approach in their attack . This made Zhao Hai frown, this was because the more the Demons prepared, the less flaws their plans would have . It was just like how a worried farmer would double check every single piece of land, making sure that everything was plowed properly . This fastidiousness would allow the farmer to see which parts of his land was plowed quite shallow . On the other hand, a farmer that was in a hurry would never find any problems with his job . The Demons were just like worried farmers right now . They were considering every more they make before taking a step forward . As long as they find no problems, they would proceed . Although their crops were slow, they can be assured that their harvests would be good . Zhao Hai frowned as he lightly sighed and said, I really am not sure if these people are Demons anymore . Aren t the Demons quite known for being aggressive fighters But from what we see, it seems like they are taking things quite slow . It should be really hard for them to endure this long . Laura was also frowning, The behaviour of the Demons are really unusual . It can be seen that their commander is quite the patient fellow . This calm advance could only mean bad things for us . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned the monitor to look at the Divine Race . The Divine Race had already made good with their military barracks and had already started to send troops to the Buddha Empire s border . They already had the Radiant Empire under their full control . What surprised Zhao Hai the most were the people that came from the Divine Realm today . Although these people came from the Divine Realm, Zhao Hai can clearly see that they weren t natives . These people were short and small, similar to the Dwarves . However, they didn t have the strong bodies of the Dwarves, instead, they were quite thin and looked weak . Additionally, they had green skins, two sharp ears like the Elves, and big black eyes . They didn t have any shred of fur on their skin . They looked very strange, quite the opposite of cute . At this moment, these small creatures were being driven forward by a Divine Race person using a whip . These little creatures were almost naked, only wearing a pair of shorts . A lot of them had injuries on their bodies, and their skins were almost sticking to their bones . They looked just like the starved slaves of the Ark Continent . Upon seeing these people, Zhao Hai immediately knew that they were slaves of the Divine Race . But he didn t know where these slaves were taken from . Laura and the others couldn t help but feel sympathy towards these creatures . Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, do you know who these little creatures are Why haven t I heard about them from Iron Hammer Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I don t know . Iron Hammer hadn t mentioned these people as well . I reckon these creatures were captured by the Divine Race in the past ten thousand years . This might explain why Iron Hammer and the others weren t aware of them . They seem to have the same nature as the heavy cavalry units . Laura nodded, then she continued to look at the small people and said, Why would the Divine Race send them here Are they here to help build more military barracks Zhao Hai sneered and said, Not to build . Look, you can see that they had brought grain along with them . At this point, bringing supplies from the Divine Race to here would be an inconvenience, it would cost them too much . And although the Radiant Empire is the smallest Empire in the continent, there is still quite a large arabel area inside its territory . If they use these lands for farming, then it would be possible to help supply the Divine Race army . It seems like the Divine Race had already decided to have a long and drawn out war . Laura nodded, That seems to be the case . If we didn t have the Space, then transporting food and supplies would truly be very costly . And the Divine Race didn t want it to be this way . Zhao Hai sighed, I m afraid that with this move of farming inside the Radiant Empire, the Divine Race had started to take root in the continent . Later on, if we want to drive them away, the resistance would be more intense, it wouldn t be easy for us . Lizzy knit her brows and said, Brother Hai, do you think that the Divine Race has already conquered other small planes Did Fuwa ever say any of these We are in a major plane composed of smaller planes . If the Divine Race decided to deal with the Ark Continent, then its possible that they had done it to other planes . The heavy cavalry and their other slaves should have come from those smaller planes . Zhao Hai had already thought about this, so he said, Correct, that is highly probable . If this is really the case, then things would become quite troublesome . No wonder the Divine Race started to move in after occupying the Radiant Empire . It seems like this isn t their first time doing it . Lizzy gave a nod, The Divine Race are truly formidable, they re as difficult to deal with as the Demons . It seems like these two races would become great headaches in the future . I hope that when the time comes, they would get into a conflict with themselves . Otherwise, our burdens would only increase . Zhao Hai can understand Lizzy s thoughts . Lizzy was referring to the time when they have already retreated to the Accra Mountains . They would block both parties there and then hope that they would fight each other . In this way, they would be catching fish without the help of a fisherman . Zhao Hai gave out a sigh, he knew how cunning the Demons and the Divine Race were . If they want the two of them to fight, then Zhao Hai s side needed to have the capability to do so . Only when the two parties were unable to capture the Accra Mountain would they possibly fight . Otherwise, they would deal with the Ark Continent s residents first, fighting each other wouldn t be too late after the residents have been taken care of . And just as what Zhao Hai thought, the slaves that the Divine Race brought had started to cultivate the ground . From their skillful actions, one could see that they were already used to this lifestyle . Zhao Hai sighed, the Divine Race was truly determined to get the Ark Continent . With these slaves, they wouldn t need to care about the getting slaves from the Ark Continent . It seems like they would be more ruthless from now on . After some time, Zhao Hai let out a loud breath before he stood up . Then he turned to Laura and the others and said, From now on, we ll prepare a lot of spatial water in order to promote every single person in the continent . At this point, its is either the Demons and the Divine Race perishing, or us . We couldn t just wait here to be slaughtered, we need to take the fight to them . Laura nodded, with a firm expression she added, Alright . I agree with Brother Hai . Even if we can t make them God ranks, as long as we have 9th ranks, we can deal with the attacks of the two races . Additionally, we also have our 9th rank magic beasts . Megan gave a nod as well . There are a lot of troops in the continent . But since their strengths are too low, they couldn t provide that much help . As soon as they get stronger, the average strength of the continent would rise . This would make it more convenient for us to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race . Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and couldn t help but bitterly sigh, However, if we do this, the secret of the Space will be exposed . Forget it, this is the only way forward . If we don t resist, then there would be no hope for the future . When that time comes, what will be the use of the Space Laura, immediately contact the Rulers and Patriarchs of the various powers . Tell them about our plan to release massive amounts of potions in order to promote the troops of the continent . Tell them that we would upgrade them to 8th ranks and that the 9th rank potion would be on the way . Laura and the others immediately nodded before going off to settle the affair . Then Zhao Hai turned to look at the Divine Race and sighed once more . To be honest, his decision to release spatial water was actually influenced by Fuwa . Fuwa made him understand a lot about the Immortal Realm . The Divine Race might be powerful, but in the end, they were just pawns of an elder of the Five Gates Sect, used in order to gather faith power . The people of the lower realms were just livestock to them, just like pigs, chicken, and sheep . Moreover, the Five Gates Sect wasn t the biggest sect in the Immortal Realm, only one of the numerous first rate sects . From what he understood listening to Fuwa, the Five Gates Sect wasn t even a member of the 180 Buddhist Temples, 81 Daoist Sects, 36 Devil Sects, nor the 72 Earth Fiend Sects . In other words, the strength of the cultivators in the Five Gates Sect can only be ranked at most in the top 400 sects in the Immortal Realm . If a normal elder of such a sect is enough to control the lower realm, then how about those more powerful than him The great strength of these immortal cultivators had stimulated Zhao Hai . He didn t want to become just a pig inside a pen . He didn t want to become an ant in another person s eye . He wanted to rebel, he wanted to be competent enough that these immortal cultivators wouldn t dare to look down on him . He wanted to prevent himself from being stepped on under their feet





* * *





Chapter 759 – Asking Them Over To See

A strange phenomenon can be seen in the Ark continent . It was already known that the Divine Race and the Demons were invading the continent, however, people seemed to not worry too much about it . They were just leisurely constructing military barracks, farms, and other essential structures . They seem to act like they were doing a chore in their house .

At a time when the invaders and the invaded were quite passive, Zhao Hai suddenly released a lot of spatial water into the continent . This was good news for the people, especially those in the army . The armies had already heard about the frontlines thanks to various channels . They also knew that they currently had no strength to combat the invaders, if they ever fight, then they would only be seeking death . But since they needed to protect their home and family, they made a resolve to fight no matter what .

But their worries changed when a large amount of spatial water suddenly flowed towards them . No matter what levels they were in, as long as they drank the water, then they would become 8th ranks in a short time . For some soldiers, this was something that they could only achieve in their dreams .

Although these people had already resolved themselves to die, this didn’t mean that they wanted to die . Nobody wanted to die, if given the choice, everybody would prefer life .

So how can people refrain from dying when fighting against the Demons and the Divine Race? Simple . As long as their strengths were improved, then their survivability would increase . Once they reach 8th ranks, then their chances of perishing in battle would significantly decrease .

These people were full of gratitude for Zhao Hai, and the next information almost made them worship Zhao Hai like a God . They had heard from other people that Zhao Hai has a potion that can make them 9th ranks . This was the strongest rank in the continent, they were people who can fly to the sky . Not a lot of people can reach this rank . And now that Zhao Hai has a potion to help people reach this rank, the soldiers couldn’t help but feel breathless .

Naturally, this mere fact alone wasn’t the most important . They had also heard that Mister Zhao Hai was producing these potions en masse and was planning on making all soldiers of the continent into 9th rank experts .





Moreover, these soldiers knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t talking nonsense . They were completely aware that Zhao Hai had these potions . They had seen the results in several of their peers .

Because of this proof, the soldiers couldn’t help but believe the news . This information caused a surge in morale for the Ark Continent, especially from the soldiers in the frontlines .

And Zhao Hai hadn’t gone back on his word . Large quantities of potions were delivered to various cities and settlements in the continent . As long as one was a soldier, frontline or reinforcing armies, all of them had been promoted to 8th rank . And after reaching 8th rank, they would need to wait later on for the 9th rank potions to arrive .

It didn’t take too long for 8th ranks to pop up all over the continent, they look like bamboo shoots going out of the soil after a rain . 3rd and 4th rank soldiers had become 8th ranks, the same level as those they looked up to . This made the people in the continent excited . At the same time, all of them held Zhao Hai with very high respects .

Moreover, Zhao Hai also gave an announcement that later on, commoners of the continent would be upgraded to 8th rank as well . Once they had drank this potion, it didn’t matter if they didn’t cultivate magic or battle qi, the potion would still improve one’s bodily strength . Additionally, if these commoners bore a child in the future, the effects of the potion would benefit the offspring as well .

This turned the people of the continent crazy . They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this crazy and provide potions to the commoners as well .

Several Kings and Patriarchs tried to dissuade Zhao Hai, but after hearing his explanation they stopped doing so . Zhao Hai’s explanation was very simple . Both the Demons and the Divine Race are formidable, and it would be very hard to deal with them once they decided to join up . This time, the reason he decided to provide the potion to the masses was to prepare for a time where the frontline would get destroyed . This way, the civilians would be able to arm themselves and fight for the continent . After discussing this matter with them, Zhao Hai also made them prepare some troops to train the civilians to be emergency militia .

The various Rulers and Patriarchs of the continent didn’t expect Zhao Hai to resolve into this drastic matter . Did this meant that the frontlines weren’t able to stop the advance of the Demons and the Divine Race?





The various Rulers and Patriarchs of the continent didn’t expect Zhao Hai to resolve into this drastic matter . Did this meant that the frontlines weren’t able to stop the advance of the Demons and the Divine Race?

Has the situation turned too serious? Are the Demons and Divine Race really that strong? The armies of the continent had already been promoted to 8th rank, were they not enough?

Zhao Hai can understand this mentality . All of them had grown up in the Ark Continent, so it was impossible for them to completely understand the might of the Divine Race . They didn’t know that they were treated as milking cows for faith power . In their opinion, 8th ranks weren’t weak .

Zhao Hai was currently inside the living room, listening to Laura’s report . At this time, various Patriarchs and Rulers of the continent were still suspecting whether it was a good idea to promote the strength of the population . In their opinion, there was no need to do so .

Zhao Hai sighed and said, “So those guys still don’t believe me, thinking that I’ve been wasting my resources . Laura, talk to them and ask if they would agree to visit the frontlines . We’ll take the initiative and show them how strong the Demons and the Divine Rae are . Then let’s see what they think after then . ”

Laura knit her brows and said, “Brother Hai, this is too dangerous . If those people gets into an accident, then our problems wouldn’t be small . ”

Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “I’m aware of that . But there is no other way for them to believe us . Right, tell them to have some of their higher officials come over as well . This way, they can relay what they had seen even faster . ”

Laura was still frowning, “But will they come? Won’t they think that this is only our plan and we might be plotting against them?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “They won’t . They are already aware of our strength . If we decided to deal with them, then we wouldn’t do it in this convoluted way . Take care of this matter and discuss when all of them are able to come . We’ll prepare here as well . ”





Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “They won’t . They are already aware of our strength . If we decided to deal with them, then we wouldn’t do it in this convoluted way . Take care of this matter and discuss when all of them are able to come . We’ll prepare here as well . ”

Laura nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll give it a try . Will you really attack the the Demon camp?”

Zhao Hai gave a nod, “We’ll make an attack, but we won’t make it to big . If we do so, then it might cause a strong counterattack from the Divine Race and the Demons . And we wouldn’t want that . ”

Laura nodded, “Alright, then I’ll prepare what is needed . ” Zhao Hai gave a nod before Laura turned around and left .

Just as what Zhao Hai expected, Laura’s invitation had gone very smoothly . They had also agreed to state a time on when they will visit the frontline . They had a strong desire to see how formidable the Demons and the Divine Race really were .

In order to unify the schedule, Laura gave them a date, which was three days after . In other words, three days later, the Patriarchs and Rulers of the continent, along with high ranked people in their respective nations, would arrive at the frontlines in order to watch Zhao Hai’s performance .

Three days went by fast . In the past few days, Zhao Hai didn’t make the Elves annoy the Demons, especially now that the scout troops have more people inside them . If the Elves were to clash with them, then it might be possible that casualties would arise, and Zhao Hai didn’t want such an outcome .

Three days later, the Rulers and Patriarchs of the various powers started to bring their trusted aides and subjects to Rising Sun City . Naturally, all of them were brought over using Zhao Hai’s Space .

When these people arrived in Rising Sun City, Zhao gave them a short introduction . The most populous people here were the Beastmen . Almost all of the Patriarchs of the Warring races have come, their number had easily reached several hundred . Adding the Emperors and their aides, the visitors had easily surpassed a thousand .



Three days later, the Rulers and Patriarchs of the various powers started to bring their trusted aides and subjects to Rising Sun City . Naturally, all of them were brought over using Zhao Hai’s Space .

When these people arrived in Rising Sun City, Zhao gave them a short introduction . The most populous people here were the Beastmen . Almost all of the Patriarchs of the Warring races have come, their number had easily reached several hundred . Adding the Emperors and their aides, the visitors had easily surpassed a thousand .

After greeting them, Zhao Hai said, “I know that everybody here wanted to see how strong both the Demons and the Divine Race are . Because of this, I called all of you over to witness today’s battle . I will attack the Demons with my undead . Everyone can just stay behind the army, however, please do follow our instructions . Otherwise, if something were to happen, this Zhao Hai will be unable to forgive himself . ”

Those who came didn’t say anything, their relationship with Zhao Hai was very good . Even the Mermaid Queen didn’t say anything, she just gave a gentle nod .

However, the Rosen Emperor decided to speak, as he nodded, he said, “Little Hai, since you arranged it, we definitely won’t doubt you . ”

After scanning the crowd, Zhao Hai nodded before he summoned large quantities of undead dragons . These dragons were like Alien, all of them had spaces inside to go into . Zhao Hai invited the visitors to go inside the bodies of the undead dragons . Since there were a lot of them, they were split up into several bone dragons .

But even so, Zhao Hai still used about 100 bone dragons in order to accommodate all of them . Then he summoned Shue and Berry along with more undead before they began to fly towards Demon City’s direction .

Zhao Hai already saw it, Demon City has been completely occupied by the Demons . Their number of God-ranks had also reached 50 thousand . It seems like the Demons were already geared for attack .

However, they didn’t think that even before they attacked, Zhao Hai decided to make a move . Zhao Hai didn’t want the Demons to think that the Ark Continent was just a soft persimmon, something that they can just pinch whenever they want .

 Chapter 759 Asking Them Over To See A strange phenomenon can be seen in the Ark continent . It was already known that the Divine Race and the Demons were invading the continent, however, people seemed to not worry too much about it . They were just leisurely constructing military barracks, farms, and other essential structures . They seem to act like they were doing a chore in their house . At a time when the invaders and the invaded were quite passive, Zhao Hai suddenly released a lot of spatial water into the continent . This was good news for the people, especially those in the army . The armies had already heard about the frontlines thanks to various channels . They also knew that they currently had no strength to combat the invaders, if they ever fight, then they would only be seeking death . But since they needed to protect their home and family, they made a resolve to fight no matter what . But their worries changed when a large amount of spatial water suddenly flowed towards them . No matter what levels they were in, as long as they drank the water, then they would become 8th ranks in a short time . For some soldiers, this was something that they could only achieve in their dreams . Although these people had already resolved themselves to die, this didn t mean that they wanted to die . Nobody wanted to die, if given the choice, everybody would prefer life . So how can people refrain from dying when fighting against the Demons and the Divine Race Simple . As long as their strengths were improved, then their survivability would increase . Once they reach 8th ranks, then their chances of perishing in battle would significantly decrease . These people were full of gratitude for Zhao Hai, and the next information almost made them worship Zhao Hai like a God . They had heard from other people that Zhao Hai has a potion that can make them 9th ranks . This was the strongest rank in the continent, they were people who can fly to the sky . Not a lot of people can reach this rank . And now that Zhao Hai has a potion to help people reach this rank, the soldiers couldn t help but feel breathless . Naturally, this mere fact alone wasn t the most important . They had also heard that Mister Zhao Hai was producing these potions en masse and was planning on making all soldiers of the continent into 9th rank experts . Moreover, these soldiers knew that Zhao Hai wasn t talking nonsense . They were completely aware that Zhao Hai had these potions . They had seen the results in several of their peers . Because of this proof, the soldiers couldn t help but believe the news . This information caused a surge in morale for the Ark Continent, especially from the soldiers in the frontlines . And Zhao Hai hadn t gone back on his word . Large quantities of potions were delivered to various cities and settlements in the continent . As long as one was a soldier, frontline or reinforcing armies, all of them had been promoted to 8th rank . And after reaching 8th rank, they would need to wait later on for the 9th rank potions to arrive . It didn t take too long for 8th ranks to pop up all over the continent, they look like bamboo shoots going out of the soil after a rain . 3rd and 4th rank soldiers had become 8th ranks, the same level as those they looked up to . This made the people in the continent excited . At the same time, all of them held Zhao Hai with very high respects . Moreover, Zhao Hai also gave an announcement that later on, commoners of the continent would be upgraded to 8th rank as well . Once they had drank this potion, it didn t matter if they didn t cultivate magic or battle qi, the potion would still improve one s bodily strength . Additionally, if these commoners bore a child in the future, the effects of the potion would benefit the offspring as well . This turned the people of the continent crazy . They didn t expect Zhao Hai to be this crazy and provide potions to the commoners as well . Several Kings and Patriarchs tried to dissuade Zhao Hai, but after hearing his explanation they stopped doing so . Zhao Hai s explanation was very simple . Both the Demons and the Divine Race are formidable, and it would be very hard to deal with them once they decided to join up . This time, the reason he decided to provide the potion to the masses was to prepare for a time where the frontline would get destroyed . This way, the civilians would be able to arm themselves and fight for the continent . After discussing this matter with them, Zhao Hai also made them prepare some troops to train the civilians to be emergency militia . The various Rulers and Patriarchs of the continent didn t expect Zhao Hai to resolve into this drastic matter . Did this meant that the frontlines weren t able to stop the advance of the Demons and the Divine Race Has the situation turned too serious Are the Demons and Divine Race really that strong The armies of the continent had already been promoted to 8th rank, were they not enough Zhao Hai can understand this mentality . All of them had grown up in the Ark Continent, so it was impossible for them to completely understand the might of the Divine Race . They didn t know that they were treated as milking cows for faith power . In their opinion, 8th ranks weren t weak . Zhao Hai was currently inside the living room, listening to Laura s report . At this time, various Patriarchs and Rulers of the continent were still suspecting whether it was a good idea to promote the strength of the population . In their opinion, there was no need to do so . Zhao Hai sighed and said, So those guys still don t believe me, thinking that I ve been wasting my resources . Laura, talk to them and ask if they would agree to visit the frontlines . We ll take the initiative and show them how strong the Demons and the Divine Rae are . Then let s see what they think after then . Laura knit her brows and said, Brother Hai, this is too dangerous . If those people gets into an accident, then our problems wouldn t be small . Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, I m aware of that . But there is no other way for them to believe us . Right, tell them to have some of their higher officials come over as well . This way, they can relay what they had seen even faster . Laura was still frowning, But will they come Won t they think that this is only our plan and we might be plotting against them Zhao Hai shook his head and said, They won t . They are already aware of our strength . If we decided to deal with them, then we wouldn t do it in this convoluted way . Take care of this matter and discuss when all of them are able to come . We ll prepare here as well . Laura nodded and said, Alright, I ll give it a try . Will you really attack the the Demon camp Zhao Hai gave a nod, We ll make an attack, but we won t make it to big . If we do so, then it might cause a strong counterattack from the Divine Race and the Demons . And we wouldn t want that . Laura nodded, Alright, then I ll prepare what is needed . Zhao Hai gave a nod before Laura turned around and left . Just as what Zhao Hai expected, Laura s invitation had gone very smoothly . They had also agreed to state a time on when they will visit the frontline . They had a strong desire to see how formidable the Demons and the Divine Race really were . In order to unify the schedule, Laura gave them a date, which was three days after . In other words, three days later, the Patriarchs and Rulers of the continent, along with high ranked people in their respective nations, would arrive at the frontlines in order to watch Zhao Hai s performance . Three days went by fast . In the past few days, Zhao Hai didn t make the Elves annoy the Demons, especially now that the scout troops have more people inside them . If the Elves were to clash with them, then it might be possible that casualties would arise, and Zhao Hai didn t want such an outcome . Three days later, the Rulers and Patriarchs of the various powers started to bring their trusted aides and subjects to Rising Sun City . Naturally, all of them were brought over using Zhao Hai s Space . When these people arrived in Rising Sun City, Zhao gave them a short introduction . The most populous people here were the Beastmen . Almost all of the Patriarchs of the Warring races have come, their number had easily reached several hundred . Adding the Emperors and their aides, the visitors had easily surpassed a thousand . After greeting them, Zhao Hai said, I know that everybody here wanted to see how strong both the Demons and the Divine Race are . Because of this, I called all of you over to witness today s battle . I will attack the Demons with my undead . Everyone can just stay behind the army, however, please do follow our instructions . Otherwise, if something were to happen, this Zhao Hai will be unable to forgive himself . Those who came didn t say anything, their relationship with Zhao Hai was very good . Even the Mermaid Queen didn t say anything, she just gave a gentle nod . However, the Rosen Emperor decided to speak, as he nodded, he said, Little Hai, since you arranged it, we definitely won t doubt you . After scanning the crowd, Zhao Hai nodded before he summoned large quantities of undead dragons . These dragons were like Alien, all of them had spaces inside to go into . Zhao Hai invited the visitors to go inside the bodies of the undead dragons . Since there were a lot of them, they were split up into several bone dragons . But even so, Zhao Hai still used about 100 bone dragons in order to accommodate all of them . Then he summoned Shue and Berry along with more undead before they began to fly towards Demon City s direction . Zhao Hai already saw it, Demon City has been completely occupied by the Demons . Their number of God ranks had also reached 50 thousand . It seems like the Demons were already geared for attack . However, they didn t think that even before they attacked, Zhao Hai decided to make a move . Zhao Hai didn t want the Demons to think that the Ark Continent was just a soft persimmon, something that they can just pinch whenever they want .





* * *





Chapter 760 – Worries of the Demon Dragon King

The Demon Dragon King was still the commander of the troops in Demon City . This wasn’t because he was the strongest God-rank Expert, but because he was very good at strategy .

It can be said that if the Great Demon King didn’t appear, then it might be possible for the Demon Dragon King to unify the Demon Realm . His mind for strategy was very formidable, but compared to the Great Demon King, he was still lacking in other aspects .

But this was where the Demon Dragon King seemed strange . Instead of going against the Great Demon King, he decided to devote his heart to help him, winning the Great Demon King’s trust in the end . This made the Great Demon King entrust important matters to the Demon Dragon King . For example, the operation of conquering the Ark Continent .

While the Great Demon King stayed back, taking care of the logistics and manpower, the Demon Dragon King took charge of the frontline, commanding the fight against the residents of the Ark Continent .

The Demon Dragon King was currently dread towards Zhao Hai, especially when the latter started to send Elves to deal with the Demon Scouts . The Demon Dragon King was aware of Zhao Hai’s strength, so it was no wonder that he had been very hesitant in making a move . Even amidst the satisfaction of the other Demons, the Demon Dragon King still decided to take things slow .

These newly arrived Demons haven’t fought with Zhao Hai, so they weren’t aware of how scary he was . The Demons didn’t think too highly on the residents of the Ark Continent . They had forgotten that conquering the Ark Continent wouldn’t take a day or two . In this conquest, the price was the entirety of the Ark Continent . And this price was exactly what made the Demons look down on the people in the Ark Continent . In the minds of the Demons, these people were not worthy of having such a paradise .





Additionally, the Demons haven’t heard of Zhao Hai’s name before . Zhao Hai’s rise was too quick, and because their information was inferior to the Divine Race, they haven’t gathered enough about him before their arrival .

This day, the Demon Dragon King was processing something in Demon City . He has already moved the Demon Race’s center of operations in the city, in preparation for conquering the rest of the Buddha Empire .

Although the Demons have yet to attack, the background matters still needed to be managed . The assignment of commodities was also an issue . The people in the Demon Realm weren’t less than those in the Ark Continent, and some of these people held grudges towards each other . Although they were under the summons of the Great Demon King in order to attack the Ark Continent, this didn’t mean that they would just forget their hatred . Because of this, the Demon Dragon King had to meticulously assign each troops . If he were to make a mistake, then he might be able to offend a certain group, causing internal strife in the Demon Army .

As the Demon Dragon King was working, a mixed sound of disagreement suddenly sounded outside . The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but knit his brows, he can recognize who these voices belonged to . It was from a famous race in the Demon Race, it was a voice from a Demon Brute . [1]

Just from the names of these Demons, one would know that they specialize in strength . They were the strongest but most temperate race in the Demon Realm . Their average height was three meters while their taller members can reach four . They might be very strong, but their weakness was their brains . They weren’t too smart, which caused them to be used as mere tools .

However, there were still no group in the Demon Race that dared to underestimate these Brutes . This was because the entire race was very united . If you use them as tools, and weren’t discovered, then that would be fine . However, if they were to find out, they would be willing to fight you to the death . And this didn’t just mean a single person, the whole race would attack you . Because of this characteristic, people still needed to think twice before taking advantage of them, even if they weren’t that smart .

At this time, the Demon Brutes had pledged themselves to the Great Demon King . But besides the Great Demon King, they wouldn’t listen to the words of other people . Even the Demon Dragon King needed to use the Great Demon King’s name in order to keep them calm, otherwise his words would be useless .

The one being noisy outside were precisely Demon Brutes, this caused the Demon Dragon King to develop a headache . He knew for certain why these Brutes were causing a ruckus . They’ve always wanted to attack the Ark Continent, but the Demon Dragon King have always stopped them since he thought that the time wasn’t ripe . He had sent the scouts to see and probe Zhao Hai’s reaction . If Zhao Hai was entangled with the Divine Race, then the forces in Rising Sun City would be reduced, which will hamper the city from dealing with the Demon scouts .





The one being noisy outside were precisely Demon Brutes, this caused the Demon Dragon King to develop a headache . He knew for certain why these Brutes were causing a ruckus . They’ve always wanted to attack the Ark Continent, but the Demon Dragon King have always stopped them since he thought that the time wasn’t ripe . He had sent the scouts to see and probe Zhao Hai’s reaction . If Zhao Hai was entangled with the Divine Race, then the forces in Rising Sun City would be reduced, which will hamper the city from dealing with the Demon scouts .

If the scouts can smoothly traverse the city’s vicinity, then this meant that Zhao Hai was with the Divine Race . This would be the best opportunity for them to attack . Otherwise, if Zhao Hai was free, they would have to wait for more time .

The Demon Dragon King had talked about this matter with the Great Demon King, of which the latter agreed . After all, the Great Demon King was the sovereign of all the Demons, even he doesn’t want any unnecessary losses among his people .

However, it was evident that this sentiment didn’t go through to the heads of the Demon Brutes . They thought that the Demon Dragon King was afraid . Moreover, they didn’t believe that the Great Demon King agreed to this plan, and that the Demon Dragon King was just deceiving them . These people had always pestered the Demon Dragon King to attack, every single day . Now that the heard their voices outside, the Demon Dragon King knew that they came to cause trouble once again .

The Demon Dragon King gently rubbed his forehead . To be honest, he was really bothered by these Demon Brutes . However, he wouldn’t dare to offend them . They were quite numerous, and their fighting strength was much needed by the Demon Army . Most importantly, they were completely unafraid of war, they were one of the most genuinely fearless Demons in the Demon Realm .

But these people were just too noisy, they were a constant bother to the Demon Dragon King’s busy life .

After some time, the Demon Dragon King sighed, then he stood up and prepared to head outside to appease these Brutes . No matter what, he needed them to wait for more time .

Just as the Demon Dragon King arrived outside the room, he saw several of his soldiers blocking a group of God-rank Brutes . Although these Brutes were only Demigods and were yet to become Full Gods, their strengths were still very valuable to the Demon Dragon King . But this value was slowly starting to vanish as the Demon Dragon King developed headaches from their constant disturbance .





Just as the Demon Dragon King arrived outside the room, he saw several of his soldiers blocking a group of God-rank Brutes . Although these Brutes were only Demigods and were yet to become Full Gods, their strengths were still very valuable to the Demon Dragon King . But this value was slowly starting to vanish as the Demon Dragon King developed headaches from their constant disturbance .

When the group saw the Demon Dragon King come out, one of them loudly said, “Demon Dragon, why haven’t you led to battle yet? You even dared to lie about the Great Demon King’s words . Wait until we get in front of the Great Demon King, we’ll definitely denounce you . Give the order quickly, let us fight!”

Although this Brute didn’t have any respect for the Demon Dragon King, he was extremely respectful to the Great Demon King . Since the Great Demon King appointed the Demon Dragon King to be the commander for the frontlines, the Brutes wouldn’t dare to undermine his orders . One must know that the Demons were very strict when it came to discipline . If they dared to attack without the command of the Demon Dragon King, then they would have to answer to the Great Demon King when the time came . Because of this, they could only pester the Demon Dragon King until he gave the command for attack .

Just as the Demon Dragon King was about to appease them, a Vile Demon suddenly flew over to the Demon Dragon King’s courtyard . After the Demon Dragon King saw this person, he knew that he was from the scout troop that he had sent out . At this time, the Vile Demon seems to be very anxious while looking for him, something must have happened . The Demon Dragon King didn’t have the mood to care about the Demon Brute at this time as he turned to look at the scout and said, “What’s the problem? Did something happen?”

After descending from the sky, the Vile Demon immediately gave a salute to the Demon Dragon King before saying, “Your Highness, Zhao Hai came . He also brought his undead, he is directly heading here . ”

The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but stare upon hearing this information . His expression sank immediately as he said, “Quickly sound the drums . Prepare to meet the enemy!”

As soon as the Demon Brutes heard this command, they all couldn’t help but make an excited cheer before they turned around and ran . Naturally, they didn’t want to go and fight Zhao Hai right now, they were going back to gather their own people . The Demon Brutes were very united, so when they go to war, they would gather their kin and fight together .

The Demon Dragon King didn’t have the mood to deal with these Demon Brutes right now . Those Demon Brutes were already good as they are . They didn’t need to or have the capability to discuss strategy with . Because of this, pre-battle conferences were usually devoid of any Brutes . What the Demon Brutes generally do was to gather their people and then wait for further orders .

Before long, several Demons have arrived in the Demon Dragon King’s room . There were a lot of Vile Demons among these people, while the others were from diverse Demon Races . All of their forms and faces look terrifying, and all of their auras were strong . Every single one present in the room was a God-rank expert .



The Demon Dragon King didn’t have the mood to deal with these Demon Brutes right now . Those Demon Brutes were already good as they are . They didn’t need to or have the capability to discuss strategy with . Because of this, pre-battle conferences were usually devoid of any Brutes . What the Demon Brutes generally do was to gather their people and then wait for further orders .

Before long, several Demons have arrived in the Demon Dragon King’s room . There were a lot of Vile Demons among these people, while the others were from diverse Demon Races . All of their forms and faces look terrifying, and all of their auras were strong . Every single one present in the room was a God-rank expert .

The Demon Dragon King looked at the group and said, “I think everyone already knew why you were called . Do you have any thoughts?’

A Vile Demon opened its mouth, “Naturally, we fight . But as for how to fight, we need to leave it up to you . ”

Another Demon nodded, “We have been waiting for many days expecting that the Divine Race and the people of the Ark Continent are going at each other’s throats . But who would’ve known that they seem to have small losses . This is not good for our side . And now that the enemy is knocking at our door, it would be impossible for us to wait any longer . Otherwise, this would affect morale, and that wouldn’t be good for our future plans . ”

The Demon Dragon King nodded, then he let out a long breath and said, “The Ark Continent and the Divine Race only having small scale battles is already part of my expectations . I’m afraid that the Divine Race has the same idea as us . I also don’t expect the people of the Ark Continent to think about cooperating with the Divine Race . I heard that the Divine Race has used the people of the continent as blood sacrifice in order to descend as well as destroy the laws of the Ark Continent . At this point, the Ark Continent would definitely be in an irreconcilable feud with the Divine Race . it is also precisely because of this hatred where I hoped that the Ark Continent wouldn’t be able to hold back for long . It’s a matter of time before those two go into a large-scale battle . ”

It’s something like “strength Demon”, I don’t know what that was so I settled on the closest description .  Chapter 760 Worries of the Demon Dragon King The Demon Dragon King was still the commander of the troops in Demon City . This wasn t because he was the strongest God rank Expert, but because he was very good at strategy . It can be said that if the Great Demon King didn t appear, then it might be possible for the Demon Dragon King to unify the Demon Realm . His mind for strategy was very formidable, but compared to the Great Demon King, he was still lacking in other aspects . But this was where the Demon Dragon King seemed strange . Instead of going against the Great Demon King, he decided to devote his heart to help him, winning the Great Demon King s trust in the end . This made the Great Demon King entrust important matters to the Demon Dragon King . For example, the operation of conquering the Ark Continent . While the Great Demon King stayed back, taking care of the logistics and manpower, the Demon Dragon King took charge of the frontline, commanding the fight against the residents of the Ark Continent . The Demon Dragon King was currently dread towards Zhao Hai, especially when the latter started to send Elves to deal with the Demon Scouts . The Demon Dragon King was aware of Zhao Hai s strength, so it was no wonder that he had been very hesitant in making a move . Even amidst the satisfaction of the other Demons, the Demon Dragon King still decided to take things slow . These newly arrived Demons haven t fought with Zhao Hai, so they weren t aware of how scary he was . The Demons didn t think too highly on the residents of the Ark Continent . They had forgotten that conquering the Ark Continent wouldn t take a day or two . In this conquest, the price was the entirety of the Ark Continent . And this price was exactly what made the Demons look down on the people in the Ark Continent . In the minds of the Demons, these people were not worthy of having such a paradise . Additionally, the Demons haven t heard of Zhao Hai s name before . Zhao Hai s rise was too quick, and because their information was inferior to the Divine Race, they haven t gathered enough about him before their arrival . This day, the Demon Dragon King was processing something in Demon City . He has already moved the Demon Race s center of operations in the city, in preparation for conquering the rest of the Buddha Empire . Although the Demons have yet to attack, the background matters still needed to be managed . The assignment of commodities was also an issue . The people in the Demon Realm weren t less than those in the Ark Continent, and some of these people held grudges towards each other . Although they were under the summons of the Great Demon King in order to attack the Ark Continent, this didn t mean that they would just forget their hatred . Because of this, the Demon Dragon King had to meticulously assign each troops . If he were to make a mistake, then he might be able to offend a certain group, causing internal strife in the Demon Army . As the Demon Dragon King was working, a mixed sound of disagreement suddenly sounded outside . The Demon Dragon King couldn t help but knit his brows, he can recognize who these voices belonged to . It was from a famous race in the Demon Race, it was a voice from a Demon Brute . 1 Just from the names of these Demons, one would know that they specialize in strength . They were the strongest but most temperate race in the Demon Realm . Their average height was three meters while their taller members can reach four . They might be very strong, but their weakness was their brains . They weren t too smart, which caused them to be used as mere tools . However, there were still no group in the Demon Race that dared to underestimate these Brutes . This was because the entire race was very united . If you use them as tools, and weren t discovered, then that would be fine . However, if they were to find out, they would be willing to fight you to the death . And this didn t just mean a single person, the whole race would attack you . Because of this characteristic, people still needed to think twice before taking advantage of them, even if they weren t that smart . At this time, the Demon Brutes had pledged themselves to the Great Demon King . But besides the Great Demon King, they wouldn t listen to the words of other people . Even the Demon Dragon King needed to use the Great Demon King s name in order to keep them calm, otherwise his words would be useless . The one being noisy outside were precisely Demon Brutes, this caused the Demon Dragon King to develop a headache . He knew for certain why these Brutes were causing a ruckus . They ve always wanted to attack the Ark Continent, but the Demon Dragon King have always stopped them since he thought that the time wasn t ripe . He had sent the scouts to see and probe Zhao Hai s reaction . If Zhao Hai was entangled with the Divine Race, then the forces in Rising Sun City would be reduced, which will hamper the city from dealing with the Demon scouts . If the scouts can smoothly traverse the city s vicinity, then this meant that Zhao Hai was with the Divine Race . This would be the best opportunity for them to attack . Otherwise, if Zhao Hai was free, they would have to wait for more time . The Demon Dragon King had talked about this matter with the Great Demon King, of which the latter agreed . After all, the Great Demon King was the sovereign of all the Demons, even he doesn t want any unnecessary losses among his people . However, it was evident that this sentiment didn t go through to the heads of the Demon Brutes . They thought that the Demon Dragon King was afraid . Moreover, they didn t believe that the Great Demon King agreed to this plan, and that the Demon Dragon King was just deceiving them . These people had always pestered the Demon Dragon King to attack, every single day . Now that the heard their voices outside, the Demon Dragon King knew that they came to cause trouble once again . The Demon Dragon King gently rubbed his forehead . To be honest, he was really bothered by these Demon Brutes . However, he wouldn t dare to offend them . They were quite numerous, and their fighting strength was much needed by the Demon Army . Most importantly, they were completely unafraid of war, they were one of the most genuinely fearless Demons in the Demon Realm . But these people were just too noisy, they were a constant bother to the Demon Dragon King s busy life . After some time, the Demon Dragon King sighed, then he stood up and prepared to head outside to appease these Brutes . No matter what, he needed them to wait for more time . Just as the Demon Dragon King arrived outside the room, he saw several of his soldiers blocking a group of God rank Brutes . Although these Brutes were only Demigods and were yet to become Full Gods, their strengths were still very valuable to the Demon Dragon King . But this value was slowly starting to vanish as the Demon Dragon King developed headaches from their constant disturbance . When the group saw the Demon Dragon King come out, one of them loudly said, Demon Dragon, why haven t you led to battle yet You even dared to lie about the Great Demon King s words . Wait until we get in front of the Great Demon King, we ll definitely denounce you . Give the order quickly, let us fight Although this Brute didn t have any respect for the Demon Dragon King, he was extremely respectful to the Great Demon King . Since the Great Demon King appointed the Demon Dragon King to be the commander for the frontlines, the Brutes wouldn t dare to undermine his orders . One must know that the Demons were very strict when it came to discipline . If they dared to attack without the command of the Demon Dragon King, then they would have to answer to the Great Demon King when the time came . Because of this, they could only pester the Demon Dragon King until he gave the command for attack . Just as the Demon Dragon King was about to appease them, a Vile Demon suddenly flew over to the Demon Dragon King s courtyard . After the Demon Dragon King saw this person, he knew that he was from the scout troop that he had sent out . At this time, the Vile Demon seems to be very anxious while looking for him, something must have happened . The Demon Dragon King didn t have the mood to care about the Demon Brute at this time as he turned to look at the scout and said, What s the problem Did something happen After descending from the sky, the Vile Demon immediately gave a salute to the Demon Dragon King before saying, Your Highness, Zhao Hai came . He also brought his undead, he is directly heading here . The Demon Dragon King couldn t help but stare upon hearing this information . His expression sank immediately as he said, Quickly sound the drums . Prepare to meet the enemy As soon as the Demon Brutes heard this command, they all couldn t help but make an excited cheer before they turned around and ran . Naturally, they didn t want to go and fight Zhao Hai right now, they were going back to gather their own people . The Demon Brutes were very united, so when they go to war, they would gather their kin and fight together . The Demon Dragon King didn t have the mood to deal with these Demon Brutes right now . Those Demon Brutes were already good as they are . They didn t need to or have the capability to discuss strategy with . Because of this, pre battle conferences were usually devoid of any Brutes . What the Demon Brutes generally do was to gather their people and then wait for further orders . Before long, several Demons have arrived in the Demon Dragon King s room . There were a lot of Vile Demons among these people, while the others were from diverse Demon Races . All of their forms and faces look terrifying, and all of their auras were strong . Every single one present in the room was a God rank expert . The Demon Dragon King looked at the group and said, I think everyone already knew why you were called . Do you have any thoughts A Vile Demon opened its mouth, Naturally, we fight . But as for how to fight, we need to leave it up to you . Another Demon nodded, We have been waiting for many days expecting that the Divine Race and the people of the Ark Continent are going at each other s throats . But who would ve known that they seem to have small losses . This is not good for our side . And now that the enemy is knocking at our door, it would be impossible for us to wait any longer . Otherwise, this would affect morale, and that wouldn t be good for our future plans . The Demon Dragon King nodded, then he let out a long breath and said, The Ark Continent and the Divine Race only having small scale battles is already part of my expectations . I m afraid that the Divine Race has the same idea as us . I also don t expect the people of the Ark Continent to think about cooperating with the Divine Race . I heard that the Divine Race has used the people of the continent as blood sacrifice in order to descend as well as destroy the laws of the Ark Continent . At this point, the Ark Continent would definitely be in an irreconcilable feud with the Divine Race . it is also precisely because of this hatred where I hoped that the Ark Continent wouldn t be able to hold back for long . It s a matter of time before those two go into a large scale battle . It s something like strength Demon , I don t know what that was so I settled on the closest description .





* * *





Chapter 761 – Verbal Debate

The other Demons nodded, they were aware of this . In fact, they were confused as to why Zhao Hai still didn’t launch an attack towards the Divine Race .

The Demon Dragon King looked at the people and then said, “Zhao Hai has strange methods . I have met Zhao Hai a few times . It was when we still haven’t recovered our strength . At that time, Zhao Hai was just a Demigod . But when we fought, he suddenly was able to become a Full God . Moreover, his fighting prowess was very strong . At that time, we only managed to hurt him even though there were five of us . He also managed to take Shiying with him . From what I heard, Shiying is already dead and was turned into a God-rank undead . What I dread the most is the fact that Shiying didn’t lose any of his strength despite becoming an undead . Zhao Hai is not a simple person . ”

When the group of Demons heard this, they couldn’t help but turn silent . They didn’t expect that something like this has happened . No wonder the Demon Dragon King always had a shade of dread whenever he mentions Zhao Hai .

After a while, the Demon Dragon King continued, “We can’t underestimate Zhao Hai . For him to come to our doorstep means that he has something in hand . Everyone must be careful . Also, Zhao Hai seems to know a lot about the Demon Realm . I don’t know why but he has information that people from the Ark Continent would never find out . Alright, let’s end here . Gather the men, we’ll have to drive Zhao Hai back . ”

The group nodded before they turned around and left . The Demon Dragon King also went out and rode his Black Dragon Carriage as it flew into the skies above Demon City .

At this time, the Demon Brutes have also gathered and were flying in the air alongside other Demons . The Demon Dragon King brought a battalion along with him as they slowly flew out of Demon City . Zhao Hai didn’t make them wait for a long time . The undead weren’t slow as the cube formation quickly appeared in front of the Demon Dragon King’s army .





Zhao Hai’s group of three were currently standing on top of the bone dragon’s head . The Demons flying behind the Demon Dragon King curiously looked at this ordinary looking young man . They didn’t expect that this person would be the one who the Demon Dragon King dreaded . And most importantly, it seems like there was a Succubus right beside this young man .

Zhao Hai bowed to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Your Majesty Demon Dragon King, we meet again . It seems like you’ve already recovered to full strength . I don’t know if I should congratulate you or not . ” The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai and gave a smile, “Mister, it has been too long since we’ve met . Did mister get in contact with the Divine Race? Can I ask who is stronger, the Demons or the Divine Race?”

Zhao Hai gave a faint smile and said, “Your Majesty has been working hard . I have indeed clashed with the Divine Race . Hehe, although I can say that there weren’t much difference between the two of you, but seeing how large the Demon Army has become, I couldn’t help but feel worry . ” The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, to be honest, although I admire your methods, I’m afraid you can only block one of us . Did you consider what would happen if the Demons and the Divine Race team up?”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but chuckle, “Haha, don’t worry about it, I can certainly block both of your advances . But first, I want to ask you, even if the Demons and the Divine Race team up, how would you divide the Ark Continent later on? Is it an equal split? The division doesn’t matter, more importantly, will you even agree to share the Ark Continent? Even if you agree, will the Divine Race be alright with it?”

Just as the two met, they immediately started a verbal debate . The Demon Dragon King was a veteran in this aspect, and Zhao Hai wasn’t very bad as well . This made the others around them open their eyes .

Seeing that he was losing, the Demon Dragon King said, “Mister doesn’t need to worry about that . Are you here just to talk to me? Or do you want to use our strengths to prove facts?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ll be impolite then . ” Then he, along with Shue and Berry vanished in front of the Demon Dragon King . When they reappeared, they were already in the middle of an undead battalion .

The Demon Dragon King and the others were already prepared for this . The Demon Dragon King established his Domain along with the others behind him . Almost all at once, different kinds of Domain appeared in front of Zhao Hai .





The Demon Dragon King and the others were already prepared for this . The Demon Dragon King established his Domain along with the others behind him . Almost all at once, different kinds of Domain appeared in front of Zhao Hai .

At this moment, several hundred blue lights suddenly projected from the undead and hit the Demons . This made the Domains of the Demons sway, making them somewhat unstable . But this was not the end, another two batches of blue light came and attacked the Domains . This time, those who were hit had their Domains destroyed .

The Demons around them immediately reacted, immediately blocking the attacks from reaching those affected .

The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but stare blankly at this blue light . Zhao Hai had a new weapon, what was this blue light . Was this a Domain from a God-rank expert?

The Demon Dragon King didn’t have the time to wait for an answer as the other party’s blue lights were too strong . If they wait, they would only be pushed back further and further .

It wasn’t strange for the Demon Dragon King to think that way . Zhao Hai had installed his magic cannons inside the undead . This blue light was precisely the attack that came out of the magic cannons .

The Demon Dragon King immediately gave the command, “Kill them!” Then he urged his Black Dragon Carriage to go forward .

At the same time, Zhao Hai put forth a large number of undead to welcome the Demon Dragon King . These undead might just be Demigods, but their numbers couldn’t be underestimated . About five hundred thousand of them threw themselves towards the Demons . The speed of these undead were quick, moreover, their imposing manner was strong . It was surprising that they only had Demigod-level strength .





At the same time, Zhao Hai put forth a large number of undead to welcome the Demon Dragon King . These undead might just be Demigods, but their numbers couldn’t be underestimated . About five hundred thousand of them threw themselves towards the Demons . The speed of these undead were quick, moreover, their imposing manner was strong . It was surprising that they only had Demigod-level strength .

The Demon Dragon King’s heart couldn’t help but jump, he immediately said, “Everyone be careful . All of these undead are Demigods . There are too many of them, arrange into formations in order to deal with the enemy!”

The Demons had grown up in war since childhood, so they didn’t take too long before they responded to the Demon Dragon King’s warnings . All the Demons immediately grouped up and connected their Domains, uniting together to deal with the sea of undead .

Zhao Hai looked at the back of the enemy’s army and to the Demon Dragon King . Zhao Hai didn’t like how quick the Demons were in responding . They were truly formidable enemies .

The army of Demigod undead quickly got in contact with the formations made by the God-rank Demons . These undead actually made their own formations, but this credit went to Lizzy and Megan .

At this point, Lizzy and Megan were getting better and better in coordination . Lizzy commanded her undead to fight against the God-ranked Demons while Megan took care of the others . The skies above Demon City were lively and full of action . However, Zhao Hai has yet to gain any advantages from the fight .

Inside one of the undead, the Beast King had found himself having an ugly expression . He had always thought about how strong the Beastmen were when it came to warfare . Their savageness in the battlefield was something that was feared in the Ark Continent . No power dared to annoy the Beastman Race .

But in this fight, the Beast King saw severely wounded Demons voluntarily exploding themselves . Not only did this eliminate them being turned into undead, they also managed to take some undead along with them .

The Beast King can see it clearly . Zhao Hai’s undead were all at least 9th rank . One of the Demons blew themselves up and turned the undead in front of him into ash . Several undead close by were also affected by the shockwave, severely damaging them in the process .



But in this fight, the Beast King saw severely wounded Demons voluntarily exploding themselves . Not only did this eliminate them being turned into undead, they also managed to take some undead along with them .

The Beast King can see it clearly . Zhao Hai’s undead were all at least 9th rank . One of the Demons blew themselves up and turned the undead in front of him into ash . Several undead close by were also affected by the shockwave, severely damaging them in the process .

This scene wasn’t rare in the battlefield . As long as Demon was seriously injured, they will immediately blow themselves up, causing damage to their enemies .

While looking at those Demons, the Beast King couldn’t help but feel terrified . He can be assured that the Beastmen wouldn’t be able to reach this point . Moreover, what made him startled was the raw strength of these Demons .

When a person goes head to head with an equally ranked undead, then that person would suffer greatly . This was because the undead weren’t afraid of death nor pain . If you slash them with a sword, they wouldn’t care to defend, instead, the undead would just swing a sword at you at the same time . In the end, the one who would profit off of this trade would be the undead . Because of this, people would only fight an undead whenever their strength greatly surpassed it .

On the other hand, the Demons weren’t only fighting with the undead, they were also in equal terms . Only when they were killed by the undead would they stop fighting, otherwise they would explode, taking some undead along with them . Such ways of fighting could terrify any person .

It wasn’t only the Beast King, the heads of the major powers were also shocked at the Demon Race’s manner of fighting . They were too savage, too scary . They can affirm that no soldier, even those who had turned 9th rank, would be able to single handedly face these Demons . Except for Zhao Hai’s undead army, all other armies would surely find it difficult to stop the Demon Race .

Zhao Hai calmly looked at the battlefield before him . To be honest, he didn’t want to fight with the Demons yet . This was because fighting them at this time would give him no benefits . Unlike the Divine Race, the Demons would almost always blow themselves up before being turned into undead . Now only would this keep Zhao Hai from gaining profits, he would also lose a lot of undead .

 Chapter 761 Verbal Debate The other Demons nodded, they were aware of this . In fact, they were confused as to why Zhao Hai still didn t launch an attack towards the Divine Race . The Demon Dragon King looked at the people and then said, Zhao Hai has strange methods . I have met Zhao Hai a few times . It was when we still haven t recovered our strength . At that time, Zhao Hai was just a Demigod . But when we fought, he suddenly was able to become a Full God . Moreover, his fighting prowess was very strong . At that time, we only managed to hurt him even though there were five of us . He also managed to take Shiying with him . From what I heard, Shiying is already dead and was turned into a God rank undead . What I dread the most is the fact that Shiying didn t lose any of his strength despite becoming an undead . Zhao Hai is not a simple person . When the group of Demons heard this, they couldn t help but turn silent . They didn t expect that something like this has happened . No wonder the Demon Dragon King always had a shade of dread whenever he mentions Zhao Hai . After a while, the Demon Dragon King continued, We can t underestimate Zhao Hai . For him to come to our doorstep means that he has something in hand . Everyone must be careful . Also, Zhao Hai seems to know a lot about the Demon Realm . I don t know why but he has information that people from the Ark Continent would never find out . Alright, let s end here . Gather the men, we ll have to drive Zhao Hai back . The group nodded before they turned around and left . The Demon Dragon King also went out and rode his Black Dragon Carriage as it flew into the skies above Demon City . At this time, the Demon Brutes have also gathered and were flying in the air alongside other Demons . The Demon Dragon King brought a battalion along with him as they slowly flew out of Demon City . Zhao Hai didn t make them wait for a long time . The undead weren t slow as the cube formation quickly appeared in front of the Demon Dragon King s army . Zhao Hai s group of three were currently standing on top of the bone dragon s head . The Demons flying behind the Demon Dragon King curiously looked at this ordinary looking young man . They didn t expect that this person would be the one who the Demon Dragon King dreaded . And most importantly, it seems like there was a Succubus right beside this young man . Zhao Hai bowed to the Demon Dragon King and said, Your Majesty Demon Dragon King, we meet again . It seems like you ve already recovered to full strength . I don t know if I should congratulate you or not . The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai and gave a smile, Mister, it has been too long since we ve met . Did mister get in contact with the Divine Race Can I ask who is stronger, the Demons or the Divine Race Zhao Hai gave a faint smile and said, Your Majesty has been working hard . I have indeed clashed with the Divine Race . Hehe, although I can say that there weren t much difference between the two of you, but seeing how large the Demon Army has become, I couldn t help but feel worry . The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, Mister, to be honest, although I admire your methods, I m afraid you can only block one of us . Did you consider what would happen if the Demons and the Divine Race team up Zhao Hai couldn t help but chuckle, Haha, don t worry about it, I can certainly block both of your advances . But first, I want to ask you, even if the Demons and the Divine Race team up, how would you divide the Ark Continent later on Is it an equal split The division doesn t matter, more importantly, will you even agree to share the Ark Continent Even if you agree, will the Divine Race be alright with it Just as the two met, they immediately started a verbal debate . The Demon Dragon King was a veteran in this aspect, and Zhao Hai wasn t very bad as well . This made the others around them open their eyes . Seeing that he was losing, the Demon Dragon King said, Mister doesn t need to worry about that . Are you here just to talk to me Or do you want to use our strengths to prove facts Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, I ll be impolite then . Then he, along with Shue and Berry vanished in front of the Demon Dragon King . When they reappeared, they were already in the middle of an undead battalion . The Demon Dragon King and the others were already prepared for this . The Demon Dragon King established his Domain along with the others behind him . Almost all at once, different kinds of Domain appeared in front of Zhao Hai . At this moment, several hundred blue lights suddenly projected from the undead and hit the Demons . This made the Domains of the Demons sway, making them somewhat unstable . But this was not the end, another two batches of blue light came and attacked the Domains . This time, those who were hit had their Domains destroyed . The Demons around them immediately reacted, immediately blocking the attacks from reaching those affected . The Demon Dragon King couldn t help but stare blankly at this blue light . Zhao Hai had a new weapon, what was this blue light . Was this a Domain from a God rank expert The Demon Dragon King didn t have the time to wait for an answer as the other party s blue lights were too strong . If they wait, they would only be pushed back further and further . It wasn t strange for the Demon Dragon King to think that way . Zhao Hai had installed his magic cannons inside the undead . This blue light was precisely the attack that came out of the magic cannons . The Demon Dragon King immediately gave the command, Kill them Then he urged his Black Dragon Carriage to go forward . At the same time, Zhao Hai put forth a large number of undead to welcome the Demon Dragon King . These undead might just be Demigods, but their numbers couldn t be underestimated . About five hundred thousand of them threw themselves towards the Demons . The speed of these undead were quick, moreover, their imposing manner was strong . It was surprising that they only had Demigod level strength . The Demon Dragon King s heart couldn t help but jump, he immediately said, Everyone be careful . All of these undead are Demigods . There are too many of them, arrange into formations in order to deal with the enemy The Demons had grown up in war since childhood, so they didn t take too long before they responded to the Demon Dragon King s warnings . All the Demons immediately grouped up and connected their Domains, uniting together to deal with the sea of undead . Zhao Hai looked at the back of the enemy s army and to the Demon Dragon King . Zhao Hai didn t like how quick the Demons were in responding . They were truly formidable enemies . The army of Demigod undead quickly got in contact with the formations made by the God rank Demons . These undead actually made their own formations, but this credit went to Lizzy and Megan . At this point, Lizzy and Megan were getting better and better in coordination . Lizzy commanded her undead to fight against the God ranked Demons while Megan took care of the others . The skies above Demon City were lively and full of action . However, Zhao Hai has yet to gain any advantages from the fight . Inside one of the undead, the Beast King had found himself having an ugly expression . He had always thought about how strong the Beastmen were when it came to warfare . Their savageness in the battlefield was something that was feared in the Ark Continent . No power dared to annoy the Beastman Race . But in this fight, the Beast King saw severely wounded Demons voluntarily exploding themselves . Not only did this eliminate them being turned into undead, they also managed to take some undead along with them . The Beast King can see it clearly . Zhao Hai s undead were all at least 9th rank . One of the Demons blew themselves up and turned the undead in front of him into ash . Several undead close by were also affected by the shockwave, severely damaging them in the process . This scene wasn t rare in the battlefield . As long as Demon was seriously injured, they will immediately blow themselves up, causing damage to their enemies . While looking at those Demons, the Beast King couldn t help but feel terrified . He can be assured that the Beastmen wouldn t be able to reach this point . Moreover, what made him startled was the raw strength of these Demons . When a person goes head to head with an equally ranked undead, then that person would suffer greatly . This was because the undead weren t afraid of death nor pain . If you slash them with a sword, they wouldn t care to defend, instead, the undead would just swing a sword at you at the same time . In the end, the one who would profit off of this trade would be the undead . Because of this, people would only fight an undead whenever their strength greatly surpassed it . On the other hand, the Demons weren t only fighting with the undead, they were also in equal terms . Only when they were killed by the undead would they stop fighting, otherwise they would explode, taking some undead along with them . Such ways of fighting could terrify any person . It wasn t only the Beast King, the heads of the major powers were also shocked at the Demon Race s manner of fighting . They were too savage, too scary . They can affirm that no soldier, even those who had turned 9th rank, would be able to single handedly face these Demons . Except for Zhao Hai s undead army, all other armies would surely find it difficult to stop the Demon Race . Zhao Hai calmly looked at the battlefield before him . To be honest, he didn t want to fight with the Demons yet . This was because fighting them at this time would give him no benefits . Unlike the Divine Race, the Demons would almost always blow themselves up before being turned into undead . Now only would this keep Zhao Hai from gaining profits, he would also lose a lot of undead .





* * *





Chapter 762 – After the Battle

But this didn’t mean that Zhao Hai didn’t want to fight because he can’t . He was just compelled to do so because of the underlying reasons . Moreover, he also decided to use this time to see if the Demons had any weakness that he can exploit .

However, after half a day of battle, Zhao Hai wasn’t able to find something out . The life force of these Demons were just too strong . Only when their heads were chopped off could they be safe . Otherwise, no matter what injury they had, they would still manage to survive, and then they would proceed to blow themselves up .

Chopping the heads of Demons required huge skill, which Zhao Hai’s undead cannot voluntarily do . Because of this, Zhao Hai manage to lose a lot of undead in this battle .

The Demon Dragon King had already tied down the Demigod-level undead . However, the undead were still going strong . Otherwise, if they weren’t undead, they would have already fallen to the attacks of the Demon Dragon King’s group .

Zhao Hai looked at the battlefield and then frowned . The Demon Dragon King was doing the same thing as well . To be honest, Zhao Hai’s undead had caused him great headaches . Even the undead that the Lich summoned weren’t as hard to deal with compared to Zhao Hai’s undead . The team of Demons that can block the undead can only be so much compared to the numerous Demigod-level undead .





Both sides went on for two more hours, causing damage to both sides . At this time, Zhao Hai gently waved his hand as Megan and Lizzy led the undead to retreat, then Zhao Hai went forward . After seeing this, the Demon Dragon King also waved his hand, stopping the Demon Army from chasing . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “Your Majesty, I just want to persuade you once more that the Ark Continent isn’t necessarily suitable for the Demons . Now that their spatial rift has been opened, the Divine Race had already started to flood into the continent . They are very greedy, managing to conquer multiple planes . If you decide to join with the Divine Race to deal with us, then after that the Divine Race would surely deal with the Demons . To be honest, after clashing with both you and the Divine Race, I can say that the Demons will surely face heavy casualties if you and the Divine Race were to fight . I’m saying this in order for the Great Demon King to take this matter into consideration . ” Then Zhao Hai turned around and led his army to retreat .

The Demons didn’t chase after them, they wouldn’t dare to do so . At this time, the Demons finally understood why the Demon Dragon King had always held them back from attacking the Ark Continent . If they wanted to attack, then they have to consider this existence called Zhao Hai .

The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai until he was already far away . Then the Demon Dragon King sighed . To be honest, he was starting to believe Zhao Hai’s words . The Ark Continent might be a beautiful place, but it was not necessary for the survival of the Demon Race .

Why were the Demons strong? It was because they grew up in a place such as the Demon Realm . In that place, if you weren’t strong, then you will either be eaten or be turned into slaves . In this case, all the Demons needed to go all out, which resulted in the formidable Demon Race that it is now .

But the Ark Continent was different, the environment here was fantastic . There were food everywhere, moreover, there weren’t any dangers in living in this place . If the Demons were to get idle, will they still belong to the formidable Demon Race? It’s still hard to say .

On the other hand, it was really hard to give up on the Ark Continent . The place was too beautiful for the Demon Race, abandoning it would be a pity . Not to say the others, even the Demon Dragon King didn’t want to just give up . Although he knew that the continent would dull the fangs of the Demon Race, it was still too good to give up on .





On the other hand, it was really hard to give up on the Ark Continent . The place was too beautiful for the Demon Race, abandoning it would be a pity . Not to say the others, even the Demon Dragon King didn’t want to just give up . Although he knew that the continent would dull the fangs of the Demon Race, it was still too good to give up on .

The Demon Dragon King’s army slowly returned to Demon City . After arriving at the city, the Demon Dragon King immediately had a meeting with his subordinates . The Demon Dragon King also called the Demon Brutes over, he wanted to hear what they thought .

Although the Demon Brutes were the most violent race among the Demons, they were not that stupid . When facing a strong enemy, they would still make the right choice . This can be seen by the fact that they submitted to the Great Demon King . For each race to survive, they would need the necessary skills to do so, especially in a place like the Demon Realm . The Demon Brutes not only survived in this hellscape, they also managed to expand . If they were really the boorish fellows that were described, then they wouldn’t have reached their current status .

The Demon Dragon King sat in the hall, he looked at those present and said, “Everyone, tell me your thoughts about today’s battle . ”

The people in the room looked at each other, but nobody spoke . After some time, a Demon opened its mouth, “Formidable . This Zhao Hai is stronger than what I thought . Conquering the Ark Continent was proving to be difficult . ”

Then with this, the people in the room immediately expressed their thoughts to each other . One of them said, “I don’t understand . How could he have a lot of strong undead? This doesn’t add up . ”

Another Demon said, “Right, and he didn’t even make a move, only his undead creatures fought . ”





Another Demon said, “Right, and he didn’t even make a move, only his undead creatures fought . ”

A Demon Brute in the audience stared at the others and said, “What? You’re all afraid? Are you really Demons? That Zhao Hai, even if strong, is still one person from the Ark Continent . Do you think there are more of him out there? If that was the case, then they would’ve driven us away a long time ago . ”

The Demon Dragon King looked at the Brute as he nodded, “Right, out of all the people in the Ark Continent, this Zhao Hai is the only one that I dread . After investigating, I can affirm that the people in the Ark Continent are relying on Zhao Hai . If not for him, the continent would have already been conquered . Because of this, after knowing that the Divine Race has come, I decided to hold back from attacking . First, we can use this time to construct important structures for the rear army . And second, to have a look at the strength of the Divine Race . We need to know about the Divine Race in order to have the confidence to deal with them . And lastly, I want Zhao Hai and the Divine Race to fight, hopefully causing major losses on both sides . What do all of you think about this?”

The Demon Dragon King’s two cold eyes scanned everyone in the room . All of the couldn’t help but unconsciously lower their heads . They were ashamed of themselves for berating the Demon Dragon King with criticisms when he decided to refrain from doing an attack .

After seeing the response of the group in front of him, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but laugh inside . The relationships between the Demon Races were very complex . And now that they had been placed in a single place, they needed to be well managed . Even the Great Demon King was having difficulties in this matter, let along the Demon Dragon King .

Normally, the Demon Dragon King would find it hard to calm them . But now that Zhao Hai made a move, these people started to behave themselves . It was advantageous for the Demon Dragon King if these people were to stay this obedient .

After scanning the group, the Demon Dragon King said, “Alright, something major happened today, all of you should go back . Go and check the casualties in your respective groups . Those injured needed to be taken care of immediately . We don’t want to make a sudden move and make a drastic mistake . We need to be careful from now on . ” Then the Demons nodded before they turned around to leave .



Normally, the Demon Dragon King would find it hard to calm them . But now that Zhao Hai made a move, these people started to behave themselves . It was advantageous for the Demon Dragon King if these people were to stay this obedient .

After scanning the group, the Demon Dragon King said, “Alright, something major happened today, all of you should go back . Go and check the casualties in your respective groups . Those injured needed to be taken care of immediately . We don’t want to make a sudden move and make a drastic mistake . We need to be careful from now on . ” Then the Demons nodded before they turned around to leave .

Demon City slowly calmed down . However, the same cannot be said with Rising Sun City . Zhao Hai wasn’t able to get any advantages in today’s battle, he might have even suffered some losses . However, Zhao Hai didn’t think too much about it . On the other hand, the Rulers and Patriarchs of the continents were very shaken, their expressions were ugly to see .

Zhao Hai welcomed them to the city lord’s mansion of Rising Sun City . After everyone had sat down, Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Everyone should have witnessed the strength of the Demon race . To tell you the truth, those undead that I sent out had God-rank strength . However, they are only Demigods, the lowest level a God-rank expert can be, about the same strength as Origin Sword Saint . And I have used five hundred thousand of those undead to fight the Demons . ” The Rulers and Patriarchs didn’t speak . In the past, since they haven’t witnessed the strength of the Demons, they couldn’t believe the tales told about them . But now, they finally understood that Zhao Hai didn’t lie . The Ark Continent was indeed in a very dangerous situation .

Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, “The Divine Race’s strength is no weaker than the Demons . And there are more people from the Divine Race . In their army, their weakest troops are their Heavy Cavalry, with an average level of 8th rank . However, even if their Heavy Cavalry are unable to fly, they still have strength comparable to a 9th rank expert . Their innate strength is astonishing as well . If they were to charge, then I’m afraid that neither the Elephant Tribe, the Bull Tribe, nor the Rhinoceros Tribe are able to meet them head on . Moreover, after reaching 9th rank, their strengths have undergone a huge change . 8th ranks would be nothing in front of them . ”

After speaking up to here, Zhao Hai continued, “Aside from the Heavy Cavalry, there are Light Cavalry units as well . The lowest rank of these Light cavalry is 9th rank, God-ranks were among their numbers . In addition to their strength, they are quite quick as well . I’m afraid only the strengthened Elves with blood lightning beads can contend with them in the skies . ”

 Chapter 762 After the Battle But this didn t mean that Zhao Hai didn t want to fight because he can t . He was just compelled to do so because of the underlying reasons . Moreover, he also decided to use this time to see if the Demons had any weakness that he can exploit . However, after half a day of battle, Zhao Hai wasn t able to find something out . The life force of these Demons were just too strong . Only when their heads were chopped off could they be safe . Otherwise, no matter what injury they had, they would still manage to survive, and then they would proceed to blow themselves up . Chopping the heads of Demons required huge skill, which Zhao Hai s undead cannot voluntarily do . Because of this, Zhao Hai manage to lose a lot of undead in this battle . The Demon Dragon King had already tied down the Demigod level undead . However, the undead were still going strong . Otherwise, if they weren t undead, they would have already fallen to the attacks of the Demon Dragon King s group . Zhao Hai looked at the battlefield and then frowned . The Demon Dragon King was doing the same thing as well . To be honest, Zhao Hai s undead had caused him great headaches . Even the undead that the Lich summoned weren t as hard to deal with compared to Zhao Hai s undead . The team of Demons that can block the undead can only be so much compared to the numerous Demigod level undead . Both sides went on for two more hours, causing damage to both sides . At this time, Zhao Hai gently waved his hand as Megan and Lizzy led the undead to retreat, then Zhao Hai went forward . After seeing this, the Demon Dragon King also waved his hand, stopping the Demon Army from chasing . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, Your Majesty, I just want to persuade you once more that the Ark Continent isn t necessarily suitable for the Demons . Now that their spatial rift has been opened, the Divine Race had already started to flood into the continent . They are very greedy, managing to conquer multiple planes . If you decide to join with the Divine Race to deal with us, then after that the Divine Race would surely deal with the Demons . To be honest, after clashing with both you and the Divine Race, I can say that the Demons will surely face heavy casualties if you and the Divine Race were to fight . I m saying this in order for the Great Demon King to take this matter into consideration . Then Zhao Hai turned around and led his army to retreat . The Demons didn t chase after them, they wouldn t dare to do so . At this time, the Demons finally understood why the Demon Dragon King had always held them back from attacking the Ark Continent . If they wanted to attack, then they have to consider this existence called Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King looked at Zhao Hai until he was already far away . Then the Demon Dragon King sighed . To be honest, he was starting to believe Zhao Hai s words . The Ark Continent might be a beautiful place, but it was not necessary for the survival of the Demon Race . Why were the Demons strong It was because they grew up in a place such as the Demon Realm . In that place, if you weren t strong, then you will either be eaten or be turned into slaves . In this case, all the Demons needed to go all out, which resulted in the formidable Demon Race that it is now . But the Ark Continent was different, the environment here was fantastic . There were food everywhere, moreover, there weren t any dangers in living in this place . If the Demons were to get idle, will they still belong to the formidable Demon Race It s still hard to say . On the other hand, it was really hard to give up on the Ark Continent . The place was too beautiful for the Demon Race, abandoning it would be a pity . Not to say the others, even the Demon Dragon King didn t want to just give up . Although he knew that the continent would dull the fangs of the Demon Race, it was still too good to give up on . The Demon Dragon King s army slowly returned to Demon City . After arriving at the city, the Demon Dragon King immediately had a meeting with his subordinates . The Demon Dragon King also called the Demon Brutes over, he wanted to hear what they thought . Although the Demon Brutes were the most violent race among the Demons, they were not that stupid . When facing a strong enemy, they would still make the right choice . This can be seen by the fact that they submitted to the Great Demon King . For each race to survive, they would need the necessary skills to do so, especially in a place like the Demon Realm . The Demon Brutes not only survived in this hellscape, they also managed to expand . If they were really the boorish fellows that were described, then they wouldn t have reached their current status . The Demon Dragon King sat in the hall, he looked at those present and said, Everyone, tell me your thoughts about today s battle . The people in the room looked at each other, but nobody spoke . After some time, a Demon opened its mouth, Formidable . This Zhao Hai is stronger than what I thought . Conquering the Ark Continent was proving to be difficult . Then with this, the people in the room immediately expressed their thoughts to each other . One of them said, I don t understand . How could he have a lot of strong undead This doesn t add up . Another Demon said, Right, and he didn t even make a move, only his undead creatures fought . A Demon Brute in the audience stared at the others and said, What You re all afraid Are you really Demons That Zhao Hai, even if strong, is still one person from the Ark Continent . Do you think there are more of him out there If that was the case, then they would ve driven us away a long time ago . The Demon Dragon King looked at the Brute as he nodded, Right, out of all the people in the Ark Continent, this Zhao Hai is the only one that I dread . After investigating, I can affirm that the people in the Ark Continent are relying on Zhao Hai . If not for him, the continent would have already been conquered . Because of this, after knowing that the Divine Race has come, I decided to hold back from attacking . First, we can use this time to construct important structures for the rear army . And second, to have a look at the strength of the Divine Race . We need to know about the Divine Race in order to have the confidence to deal with them . And lastly, I want Zhao Hai and the Divine Race to fight, hopefully causing major losses on both sides . What do all of you think about this The Demon Dragon King s two cold eyes scanned everyone in the room . All of the couldn t help but unconsciously lower their heads . They were ashamed of themselves for berating the Demon Dragon King with criticisms when he decided to refrain from doing an attack . After seeing the response of the group in front of him, the Demon Dragon King couldn t help but laugh inside . The relationships between the Demon Races were very complex . And now that they had been placed in a single place, they needed to be well managed . Even the Great Demon King was having difficulties in this matter, let along the Demon Dragon King . Normally, the Demon Dragon King would find it hard to calm them . But now that Zhao Hai made a move, these people started to behave themselves . It was advantageous for the Demon Dragon King if these people were to stay this obedient . After scanning the group, the Demon Dragon King said, Alright, something major happened today, all of you should go back . Go and check the casualties in your respective groups . Those injured needed to be taken care of immediately . We don t want to make a sudden move and make a drastic mistake . We need to be careful from now on . Then the Demons nodded before they turned around to leave . Demon City slowly calmed down . However, the same cannot be said with Rising Sun City . Zhao Hai wasn t able to get any advantages in today s battle, he might have even suffered some losses . However, Zhao Hai didn t think too much about it . On the other hand, the Rulers and Patriarchs of the continents were very shaken, their expressions were ugly to see . Zhao Hai welcomed them to the city lord s mansion of Rising Sun City . After everyone had sat down, Zhao Hai looked at them and said, Everyone should have witnessed the strength of the Demon race . To tell you the truth, those undead that I sent out had God rank strength . However, they are only Demigods, the lowest level a God rank expert can be, about the same strength as Origin Sword Saint . And I have used five hundred thousand of those undead to fight the Demons . The Rulers and Patriarchs didn t speak . In the past, since they haven t witnessed the strength of the Demons, they couldn t believe the tales told about them . But now, they finally understood that Zhao Hai didn t lie . The Ark Continent was indeed in a very dangerous situation . Zhao Hai looked at their faces and said, The Divine Race s strength is no weaker than the Demons . And there are more people from the Divine Race . In their army, their weakest troops are their Heavy Cavalry, with an average level of 8th rank . However, even if their Heavy Cavalry are unable to fly, they still have strength comparable to a 9th rank expert . Their innate strength is astonishing as well . If they were to charge, then I m afraid that neither the Elephant Tribe, the Bull Tribe, nor the Rhinoceros Tribe are able to meet them head on . Moreover, after reaching 9th rank, their strengths have undergone a huge change . 8th ranks would be nothing in front of them . After speaking up to here, Zhao Hai continued, Aside from the Heavy Cavalry, there are Light Cavalry units as well . The lowest rank of these Light cavalry is 9th rank, God ranks were among their numbers . In addition to their strength, they are quite quick as well . I m afraid only the strengthened Elves with blood lightning beads can contend with them in the skies .





* * *





Chapter 763 – Actually, We Are Sheep

As soon as Zhao Hai finished talking, he could see that the faces of those present here has become ugly . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “I also suspect that the Divine Race’s light and heavy cavalries aren’t real members of the Divine Race, but slaves that came from the planes that the Divine Race has conquered . Naturally, their status in the Divine Race should be just cannon fodder . Every fight, they would be placed in the front while the Divine Race stays behind . At the same time, the Divine Race army is also very powerful . They almost don’t have any 9th rank member, most of them are God-ranks . If we didn’t have the magic cannons in the last encounter, then we might not have been able to stop them from going forward . ”

Then Zhao Hai gave out a sigh and continued, “This is truly the Ark Continent’s greatest tribulation . The Demons and the Divine Race, any one of them would be difficult to deal with, much less two . The reason why I had the commoners promoted was because I’m afraid that we wouldn’t be able to stop the two invaders from going forward . When the time comes, we would need all the manpower that we can get . ”

Nobody spoke, although they hadn’t yet seen the Divine Race, seeing Zhao Hai equating them to the Demons was enough to prove their prowess .

Zhao Hai scanned the group and then gave a bitter smile, “Actually, there is another matter that I still haven’t told all of you . I’m hesitating to tell this because I’m afraid that you would become too terrified . ”

When the Rosen Emperor heard Zhao Hai, he paused for a moment before he said, “Little Hai, what else can scare someone as old as us . Just say it . Can it be more terrifying than the arrival of the Demons and the Divine Race?” Zhao Hai looked at the Rosen Emperor and smiled, “Father-in-law, this thing is more terrifying than that . Let me tell you . I’ve already fought with the Divine Race for two times . The first time, I faced with their infantry units . They’re very strong . I managed to drive them away using my undead, the magic cannons, and a lot of crystals . On the second encounter, I faced against their regular army, the heavy cavalry, the light cavalry, and the summoners . I’ve already told everyone about the cavalry units . But those summoners are special units specifically trained by the Divine Race . These summoners summoned strong magic beasts . And most importantly, when these summoners combine their powers, they were able to summon a person . ”





Those present gawked, summoning a person, they had heard of summoners able to summon humanoid magic beasts . However, from Zhao Hai’s tone, it seems like it wasn’t a magic beast . What does this mean?

Zhao Hai looked at the group and continued, “Right, it is an actual projection of a person . And the Divine Race called this person ‘Deity’ . For the Divine Race to call someone Deity is already very strange . Afterwards, this projection and I had a huge fight . In the end, I almost lost my life when I was attacked by that person’s spiritual attack . Luckily, I was able to survive and eliminate the projection . ”

The group continued to stare . Although they didn’t understand what this projection was, they can fairly imagine that a projection wasn’t a person himself, but something like a shadow instead . A shadow-like thing actually managed to almost kill Zhao Hai? This information made everyone panic .

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “To be honest, that was the most dangerous situation that I have been in . My mind was completely out of it . Fortunately, I have some potions in my hand, allowing me to recover quickly . That projection didn’t think that I can recover so fast, so he didn’t expect it when I came out and destroyed his weapon, eliminating the projection in the process . ”

After speaking up to here, the room finally relaxed . Before this day, they wouldn’t easily believe Zhao Hai’s words . But now, all of them didn’t doubt him anymore . Even after seeing Zhao Hai doing well in front of them, they still couldn’t help but be nervous for Zhao Hai .

Zhao Hai continued, “After killing the projection, I used a secret Dark Magic technique in order to obtain certain information from that person’s mouth . This information was what startled me . ”





Zhao Hai continued, “After killing the projection, I used a secret Dark Magic technique in order to obtain certain information from that person’s mouth . This information was what startled me . ”

The Rulers and Patriarchs were all looking at Zhao Hai, waiting for him to say this information . Zhao Hai looked into their eyes and said, “From that person’s memory, I had found out that in this universe, planes like the Ark Continent, Demon Realm, and Divine Realm were aplenty . However, our Ark Continent, the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm were no more than the most common type of plane . They were under these so called major planes . That man from the projection was supervising this major plane in order to collect faith power from these common planes . In other words, in that person’s eyes, our use is just to provide them with faith power . ”

The group stared, puzzled at what Zhao Hai said . Then the Rosen Emperor said, “Little Hai, what is this faith power that you speak of?”

Zhao Hai replied, “This faith power is a type of invisible energy . Actually, the Radiant Church’s purpose was precisely to offer this energy . As long as one becomes faithful to the point where one can sacrifice themselves, then they will provide faith power to the Deity . This energy might be useless to us, but for that man that the Divine Race summoned, it is very useful . Whether it was the Demons, Divine Race, or us, we are just like sheep raised to be sheared to provide wool . ”

As soon as they heard this, the people in the room couldn’t help but be in an uproar . These people were used to be the ones stamping their feet, ruling the Ark Continent in their high positions . But now, in the eyes of the man that was summoned by the Divine Race, they were just like Sheep . How unbelievable was this?

Zhao Hai saw their reaction and smiled bitterly . He knew that this was a hard thing for these people to accept . They had lived their lives being aloof, but they were actually just sheep in the eyes of others . How could they just accept this fate?

After some time, the group calmed down, but each of their expression stayed quite ugly . Zhao Hai looked at them and forced a smile, “I know that everyone isn’t feeling any better . But no matter what, I need to say this . Although that projection was just like a shadow, but that thing had about the same strength as me even though it only had 1 percent of the true body’s power . In this case, if that person himself came here, I would have surely died . This person might seem strong, but from what I had gathered, he was only a normal person in his realm . In this case, how could they possibly place us in their eyes?”[1]





After some time, the group calmed down, but each of their expression stayed quite ugly . Zhao Hai looked at them and forced a smile, “I know that everyone isn’t feeling any better . But no matter what, I need to say this . Although that projection was just like a shadow, but that thing had about the same strength as me even though it only had 1 percent of the true body’s power . In this case, if that person himself came here, I would have surely died . This person might seem strong, but from what I had gathered, he was only a normal person in his realm . In this case, how could they possibly place us in their eyes?”[1]

Zhao Hai’s words made those present turn pale . It was just unbelievable . If the enemy can send someone that can fight 100 Zhao Hais then that would be too scary .

Zhao Hai continued, “But everyone doesn’t need to worry about this . It would be impossible for that person to arrive at our Ark Continent, just like how hard it was for the Divine Race to arrive here . And since that person is too strong, he would have to expend more energy if he decided to personally descend . ”

Seeing that the crowd had relaxed, Zhao Hai then said, “But even if they can’t come over, the aid that they could provide to the Divine Race was still problematic . The method that the Divine Race used to break the Ark Continent’s space came from that person . After all these years of guiding the Divine Race, who knows what weapons they have in their hands . Because of this, I couldn’t help but pay attention to the Divine Race . ”

The group nodded, they didn’t dare underestimate the Divine Race after this . Then Zhao Hai said, “But I’m still afraid that the person would come here despite the difficulties . When that happens, then that would be the end for us . I don’t want to frighten you, but I want all of you to give your all in preparation . When both the Demons and the Divine Race decides to attack, then we would have to give up on the Buddha Empire and go all out in defending the Accra Mountains . In the mountains, our Ark Continent would have a chance for survival . We need to wait before my God-rank potions get finished, then we would have more God-ranks in the Ark Continent . When that time comes we can counter attack . And as long as we block the two races, it would be possible that they would go against each other first, that would be a good outcome for us . So when everyone gets back, they must train every single person they can . It may be possible for us to use them the war . But preferably, I want them to stay as reserve . ”

The Patriarchs and Rulers nodded . After witnessing the Demons today, their previous mentality has already vanished . They were now very convinced to turn the commoners into experts that the continent may possibly use .

Zhao Hai looked into their eyes and said, “I know that everyone of us is busy, so I won’t be keeping you here for long . I only hope that after you head back, you will put your best in training the troops . The Divine Race has already turned the entire Radiant Empire into their military outpost, waiting for their reinforcements to arrive . On the other hand, the Demons have never stopped sending their troops over . If we combine those two armies, then my undead would prove insufficient . I need more people to help defend the frontline . ”



The Patriarchs and Rulers nodded . After witnessing the Demons today, their previous mentality has already vanished . They were now very convinced to turn the commoners into experts that the continent may possibly use .

Zhao Hai looked into their eyes and said, “I know that everyone of us is busy, so I won’t be keeping you here for long . I only hope that after you head back, you will put your best in training the troops . The Divine Race has already turned the entire Radiant Empire into their military outpost, waiting for their reinforcements to arrive . On the other hand, the Demons have never stopped sending their troops over . If we combine those two armies, then my undead would prove insufficient . I need more people to help defend the frontline . ”

The people present held a very heavy heart, but as Zhao Hai said, these invaders weren’t simple people . The continent couldn’t idle for too long .

After having their talk, Zhao Hai immediately used his spatial rifts to send everyone back to their territories .

It said 10 percent last time, but now its 1 percent xd  Chapter 763 Actually, We Are Sheep As soon as Zhao Hai finished talking, he could see that the faces of those present here has become ugly . Zhao Hai looked at them and said, I also suspect that the Divine Race s light and heavy cavalries aren t real members of the Divine Race, but slaves that came from the planes that the Divine Race has conquered . Naturally, their status in the Divine Race should be just cannon fodder . Every fight, they would be placed in the front while the Divine Race stays behind . At the same time, the Divine Race army is also very powerful . They almost don t have any 9th rank member, most of them are God ranks . If we didn t have the magic cannons in the last encounter, then we might not have been able to stop them from going forward . Then Zhao Hai gave out a sigh and continued, This is truly the Ark Continent s greatest tribulation . The Demons and the Divine Race, any one of them would be difficult to deal with, much less two . The reason why I had the commoners promoted was because I m afraid that we wouldn t be able to stop the two invaders from going forward . When the time comes, we would need all the manpower that we can get . Nobody spoke, although they hadn t yet seen the Divine Race, seeing Zhao Hai equating them to the Demons was enough to prove their prowess . Zhao Hai scanned the group and then gave a bitter smile, Actually, there is another matter that I still haven t told all of you . I m hesitating to tell this because I m afraid that you would become too terrified . When the Rosen Emperor heard Zhao Hai, he paused for a moment before he said, Little Hai, what else can scare someone as old as us . Just say it . Can it be more terrifying than the arrival of the Demons and the Divine Race Zhao Hai looked at the Rosen Emperor and smiled, Father in law, this thing is more terrifying than that . Let me tell you . I ve already fought with the Divine Race for two times . The first time, I faced with their infantry units . They re very strong . I managed to drive them away using my undead, the magic cannons, and a lot of crystals . On the second encounter, I faced against their regular army, the heavy cavalry, the light cavalry, and the summoners . I ve already told everyone about the cavalry units . But those summoners are special units specifically trained by the Divine Race . These summoners summoned strong magic beasts . And most importantly, when these summoners combine their powers, they were able to summon a person . Those present gawked, summoning a person, they had heard of summoners able to summon humanoid magic beasts . However, from Zhao Hai s tone, it seems like it wasn t a magic beast . What does this mean Zhao Hai looked at the group and continued, Right, it is an actual projection of a person . And the Divine Race called this person Deity . For the Divine Race to call someone Deity is already very strange . Afterwards, this projection and I had a huge fight . In the end, I almost lost my life when I was attacked by that person s spiritual attack . Luckily, I was able to survive and eliminate the projection . The group continued to stare . Although they didn t understand what this projection was, they can fairly imagine that a projection wasn t a person himself, but something like a shadow instead . A shadow like thing actually managed to almost kill Zhao Hai This information made everyone panic . Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, To be honest, that was the most dangerous situation that I have been in . My mind was completely out of it . Fortunately, I have some potions in my hand, allowing me to recover quickly . That projection didn t think that I can recover so fast, so he didn t expect it when I came out and destroyed his weapon, eliminating the projection in the process . After speaking up to here, the room finally relaxed . Before this day, they wouldn t easily believe Zhao Hai s words . But now, all of them didn t doubt him anymore . Even after seeing Zhao Hai doing well in front of them, they still couldn t help but be nervous for Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai continued, After killing the projection, I used a secret Dark Magic technique in order to obtain certain information from that person s mouth . This information was what startled me . The Rulers and Patriarchs were all looking at Zhao Hai, waiting for him to say this information . Zhao Hai looked into their eyes and said, From that person s memory, I had found out that in this universe, planes like the Ark Continent, Demon Realm, and Divine Realm were aplenty . However, our Ark Continent, the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm were no more than the most common type of plane . They were under these so called major planes . That man from the projection was supervising this major plane in order to collect faith power from these common planes . In other words, in that person s eyes, our use is just to provide them with faith power . The group stared, puzzled at what Zhao Hai said . Then the Rosen Emperor said, Little Hai, what is this faith power that you speak of Zhao Hai replied, This faith power is a type of invisible energy . Actually, the Radiant Church s purpose was precisely to offer this energy . As long as one becomes faithful to the point where one can sacrifice themselves, then they will provide faith power to the Deity . This energy might be useless to us, but for that man that the Divine Race summoned, it is very useful . Whether it was the Demons, Divine Race, or us, we are just like sheep raised to be sheared to provide wool . As soon as they heard this, the people in the room couldn t help but be in an uproar . These people were used to be the ones stamping their feet, ruling the Ark Continent in their high positions . But now, in the eyes of the man that was summoned by the Divine Race, they were just like Sheep . How unbelievable was this Zhao Hai saw their reaction and smiled bitterly . He knew that this was a hard thing for these people to accept . They had lived their lives being aloof, but they were actually just sheep in the eyes of others . How could they just accept this fate After some time, the group calmed down, but each of their expression stayed quite ugly . Zhao Hai looked at them and forced a smile, I know that everyone isn t feeling any better . But no matter what, I need to say this . Although that projection was just like a shadow, but that thing had about the same strength as me even though it only had 1 percent of the true body s power . In this case, if that person himself came here, I would have surely died . This person might seem strong, but from what I had gathered, he was only a normal person in his realm . In this case, how could they possibly place us in their eyes 1 Zhao Hai s words made those present turn pale . It was just unbelievable . If the enemy can send someone that can fight 100 Zhao Hais then that would be too scary . Zhao Hai continued, But everyone doesn t need to worry about this . It would be impossible for that person to arrive at our Ark Continent, just like how hard it was for the Divine Race to arrive here . And since that person is too strong, he would have to expend more energy if he decided to personally descend . Seeing that the crowd had relaxed, Zhao Hai then said, But even if they can t come over, the aid that they could provide to the Divine Race was still problematic . The method that the Divine Race used to break the Ark Continent s space came from that person . After all these years of guiding the Divine Race, who knows what weapons they have in their hands . Because of this, I couldn t help but pay attention to the Divine Race . The group nodded, they didn t dare underestimate the Divine Race after this . Then Zhao Hai said, But I m still afraid that the person would come here despite the difficulties . When that happens, then that would be the end for us . I don t want to frighten you, but I want all of you to give your all in preparation . When both the Demons and the Divine Race decides to attack, then we would have to give up on the Buddha Empire and go all out in defending the Accra Mountains . In the mountains, our Ark Continent would have a chance for survival . We need to wait before my God rank potions get finished, then we would have more God ranks in the Ark Continent . When that time comes we can counter attack . And as long as we block the two races, it would be possible that they would go against each other first, that would be a good outcome for us . So when everyone gets back, they must train every single person they can . It may be possible for us to use them the war . But preferably, I want them to stay as reserve . The Patriarchs and Rulers nodded . After witnessing the Demons today, their previous mentality has already vanished . They were now very convinced to turn the commoners into experts that the continent may possibly use . Zhao Hai looked into their eyes and said, I know that everyone of us is busy, so I won t be keeping you here for long . I only hope that after you head back, you will put your best in training the troops . The Divine Race has already turned the entire Radiant Empire into their military outpost, waiting for their reinforcements to arrive . On the other hand, the Demons have never stopped sending their troops over . If we combine those two armies, then my undead would prove insufficient . I need more people to help defend the frontline . The people present held a very heavy heart, but as Zhao Hai said, these invaders weren t simple people . The continent couldn t idle for too long . After having their talk, Zhao Hai immediately used his spatial rifts to send everyone back to their territories . It said 10 percent last time, but now its 1 percent xd





* * *


 764: 764

Chapter 764 – Shun Becomes A God



After sending the Rulers and Patriarchs off, Zhao Hai gave out a sigh . Then he returned to the Space and sat inside the living room as Meg served him a cup of tea . Laura and the others were also sitting beside him .



Although Zhao Hai didn’t tell the whole truth, Laura and the others can understand that some matters cannot be said, especially when it came close to exposing the Space’s existence .



Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, do you think that those people would change the way they think? We didn’t really need to do that much”



Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “I hope they do . Otherwise, he would have wasted our time . ”



Lizzy had a complicated face as she said, “Brother Hai, why didn’t we go fight the Divine Race? Battling them would show father and the others a more formidable side of our enemies . ”



Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “The Divine Race is different from the Demons . The Demons are currently afraid of us, moreover, they desired for us to battle the Divine Race . Because of this, before the Divine Race makes their move, the Demons wouldn’t make too big of a move . On the other hand, the Divine Race has always been prepared for a fight . Also, after monitoring them for quite some time, you should know how arrogant the Divine Race are . If we decided to poke them a bit, then they might go and attack us in full force . When that time comes, the Demons would also make their move . The Demon Dragon King isn’t a simple person, that would be the result that he desired the most . Moreover, I chose the Demons because they don’t have magic cannons, completely different to the Divine Race who had huge ones . Although we haven’t seen the might of their cannons, we can be assured that they are more threatening than ours . From what I can see, threatening the Divine Race would cause us to lose more undead in the end . ”



Lizzy gave an understanding nod . The Demons were also better targets because they didn’t have any strength with regards to defending a city, their prowess completely relied on field battles . But the Divine Race is different, their defensive strength was also very strong, those huge magic cannons aren’t just for decoration . If Zhao Hai went on to attack the Divine Race, then his losses would certainly be huge . And at this time, Zhao Hai cannot afford to lose so much undead .



Lizzy sighed and said, “Big Brother Hai, you’ve actually thought up to this point . I feel kind of useless right now . ”



Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy and smiled, “What are you saying . Aren’t you and Megan the ones commanding the undead? Also, Laura, Ruyen, and Meg are also doing the logistics . It is only because you took these matters off my shoulders that was I able to make extra considerations . Moreover, you should know that your ability in commanding the undead is far superior than mine . If I were the one controlling the undead in the recent battle, then I might have even lost all of them . ”



Lizzy and the others couldn’t help but smile upon listening to Zhao Hai . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you said that the Immortal Cultivator won’t come to the continent . However, what would we do if he did?”



Zhao Hai gave a bitter smile and said, “Lu Wei’s status isn’t high . Additionally, it would take a lot of resources for someone like him to come here from the cultivation world . Remember how much the Divine Race sacrificed in order to come here? Lu Wei would certainly pay a much bigger price compared to the Divine Race . Because of this, it would be close to impossible for him to come . The price would be too much for someone like Lu Wei to pay . What I’m worried right now is when we get stronger in the future . If we manage to ascend to the cultivation world, then we would have Lu Wei to worry about . ”



Lizzy smiled and said, “There’s nothing to worry about that . He wouldn’t know that Brother Hai has the Space . Right, Brother Hai, when do you think the Divine Race would attack?” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t know . The Divine Race aren’t too anxious right now . Forget it, the God-rank potion should be done quite soon . When it’s made, Immediately give it to Shun . Then we’ll have him participate in battles in order to awaken his Domain . Cai’er, how long will it take before we can use the materials in the magic backgrounds?”



Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, they should be ready in a few days . There are already some that are available, but they are still yet to mutate . Having mutated ingredients would make it much easier for us to produce God-rank potions, so I chose to wait . ” Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll leave it all to you . I’m quite tired, so I’ll take a break . ” Then he stood up and went to his room .



Zhao Hai got up early the next morning . After having his breakfast, he went to the living room and looked at the screen . The movements of the Divine Race weren’t small . Their little slaves have already been sent to cultivate the lands . Moreover, they also had more of their troops stations near the Buddha Empire’s borders .



After seeing this scene, Zhao Hai’s complexion couldn’t help but sink . He knew that the reinforcements were coming, and that the Divine Race would soon start their attack . And from what he can see, they were going full force!



Laura and the others were also looking at the monitor . Although they had expected this situation, their imaginations were still less than the display before them . Their hearts couldn’t help but turn cold at what they had seen .



Zhao Hai let out a long breath and said, “It looks like it’s time to fight a major battle . I’m afraid the Divine Race would be attacking within a few days . These guys, it seems like they aren’t placing the Demons in their eyes . They clearly knew what the Demons are planning, but they still chose to be this arrogant . ”



Laura and the others sighed, they didn’t say anything . Zhao Hai changed the monitor’s display to see the situation of the continent . He couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief, the continent was now starting to train the commoners . Although it was just the start, it was still a welcome development .



After looking at this, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, “Immediately tell the continent that the Divine Race’s reinforcements are coming . Moreover, they would be attacking in the next few days . Give them the 9th rank potions now, have them promote all the armies into 9th rank . ”



Laura and the others nodded, then they proceeded to handle the matter . Zhao Hai was still quite worried . Although having a lot of 9th ranks was great, he wasn’t sure if they were able to fight the Divine Race .



Zhao Hai shook his head and disposed of these ideas . Then Zhao Hai released Fuwa and asked him about the undead dragons . Fuwa told him that they would still need more days before being done . It might have been fine if there wasn’t a battle, but now that one was coming, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think about how hard it was to acquire God-ranks .



The next day, the God-rank potion had finally been made . Zhao Hai immediately called Shun over, making him take the potion . Shun smoothly became a God, but he was yet to comprehend a Domain . This time, Zhao Hai didn’t deliberately find trouble with the Divine Race or the Demons, the situation was just too volatile . For now, Zhao Hai had Shun get familiarized with his new strength .



And Zhao Hai made the right decision, although Shun can’t make a lot of clones like Shue, he was still a powerful assassin . With his promotion to God-rank, Shue’s hidden weapon skills became even stronger . From Zhao Hai’s calculations, not even 10 Demigods would be able to face Shue and his unstoppable hidden weapons .



Now that Shun and Shue, the two friends, were on the same ground once again . Zhao Hai was thinking about promoting Blockhead and Rockhead next . The mental synergy between the two was very strong . Once they become Gods, their combat strength would surely soar .



Zhao Hai was now acting like a Merchant, thinking carefully where to invest, making sure that every step was perfect .



Zhao Hai and Shue helped Shun get used to his own strength . In order to improve Shun’s power, Zhao Hai spent some gold coins in the Processing Machine in order to produce a batch of hidden weapons . He also gave Shun a couple of spatial bags filled with those weapons . The weapons in the bags should last him for a few years .



After leaving Shue and Shun, Zhao Hai felt more relaxed . In the past, the two had been worried that they weren’t able to help Zhao Hai, but now that Zhao Hai had things he couldn’t handle, the two can proceed to show their usefulness . While the two were looking at the monitor, Zhao Hai went on and got used to the tiny pagoda’s abilities .



Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to wait for the pagoda to make the first batch of undead before testing its defensive and offensive capabilities . But now it seems like that wouldn’t be the case . Not knowing when the Divine Race would attack, Zhao Hai decided to do his tests right now . If he cannot fully make use of the pagoda, then that would definitely be a loss . It was more important than upgrading the undead .



The tiny pagoda’s power was in the level of Demigod . But if Zhao Hai can utilize all of its strength, then he would be able to face 100 Demigods alone . Naturally, this required being familiar with the pagoda .



Using the pagoda will consume its energy, delaying the undead’s promotion . However, Zhao Hai didn’t care about it right now .



Two days later, Shun can finally make use of his Demigod level strength . At the same time, a large scale reinforcement from the Divine Realm just arrived at the Ark Continent . The war is ready to set off!



Chapter 764 Shun Becomes A GodAfter sending the Rulers and Patriarchs off, Zhao Hai gave out a sigh . Then he returned to the Space and sat inside the living room as Meg served him a cup of tea . Laura and the others were also sitting beside him . Although Zhao Hai didn t tell the whole truth, Laura and the others can understand that some matters cannot be said, especially when it came close to exposing the Space s existence . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, do you think that those people would change the way they think We didn t really need to do that much Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, I hope they do . Otherwise, he would have wasted our time . Lizzy had a complicated face as she said, Brother Hai, why didn t we go fight the Divine Race Battling them would show father and the others a more formidable side of our enemies . Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, The Divine Race is different from the Demons . The Demons are currently afraid of us, moreover, they desired for us to battle the Divine Race . Because of this, before the Divine Race makes their move, the Demons wouldn t make too big of a move . On the other hand, the Divine Race has always been prepared for a fight . Also, after monitoring them for quite some time, you should know how arrogant the Divine Race are . If we decided to poke them a bit, then they might go and attack us in full force . When that time comes, the Demons would also make their move . The Demon Dragon King isn t a simple person, that would be the result that he desired the most . Moreover, I chose the Demons because they don t have magic cannons, completely different to the Divine Race who had huge ones . Although we haven t seen the might of their cannons, we can be assured that they are more threatening than ours . From what I can see, threatening the Divine Race would cause us to lose more undead in the end . Lizzy gave an understanding nod . The Demons were also better targets because they didn t have any strength with regards to defending a city, their prowess completely relied on field battles . But the Divine Race is different, their defensive strength was also very strong, those huge magic cannons aren t just for decoration . If Zhao Hai went on to attack the Divine Race, then his losses would certainly be huge . And at this time, Zhao Hai cannot afford to lose so much undead . Lizzy sighed and said, Big Brother Hai, you ve actually thought up to this point . I feel kind of useless right now . Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy and smiled, What are you saying . Aren t you and Megan the ones commanding the undead Also, Laura, Ruyen, and Meg are also doing the logistics . It is only because you took these matters off my shoulders that was I able to make extra considerations . Moreover, you should know that your ability in commanding the undead is far superior than mine . If I were the one controlling the undead in the recent battle, then I might have even lost all of them . Lizzy and the others couldn t help but smile upon listening to Zhao Hai . Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, you said that the Immortal Cultivator won t come to the continent . However, what would we do if he did Zhao Hai gave a bitter smile and said, Lu Wei s status isn t high . Additionally, it would take a lot of resources for someone like him to come here from the cultivation world . Remember how much the Divine Race sacrificed in order to come here Lu Wei would certainly pay a much bigger price compared to the Divine Race . Because of this, it would be close to impossible for him to come . The price would be too much for someone like Lu Wei to pay . What I m worried right now is when we get stronger in the future . If we manage to ascend to the cultivation world, then we would have Lu Wei to worry about . Lizzy smiled and said, There s nothing to worry about that . He wouldn t know that Brother Hai has the Space . Right, Brother Hai, when do you think the Divine Race would attack Zhao Hai shook his head and said, I don t know . The Divine Race aren t too anxious right now . Forget it, the God rank potion should be done quite soon . When it s made, Immediately give it to Shun . Then we ll have him participate in battles in order to awaken his Domain . Cai er, how long will it take before we can use the materials in the magic backgrounds Cai er smiled and said, Young Master, they should be ready in a few days . There are already some that are available, but they are still yet to mutate . Having mutated ingredients would make it much easier for us to produce God rank potions, so I chose to wait . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, I ll leave it all to you . I m quite tired, so I ll take a break . Then he stood up and went to his room . Zhao Hai got up early the next morning . After having his breakfast, he went to the living room and looked at the screen . The movements of the Divine Race weren t small . Their little slaves have already been sent to cultivate the lands . Moreover, they also had more of their troops stations near the Buddha Empire s borders . After seeing this scene, Zhao Hai s complexion couldn t help but sink . He knew that the reinforcements were coming, and that the Divine Race would soon start their attack . And from what he can see, they were going full force Laura and the others were also looking at the monitor . Although they had expected this situation, their imaginations were still less than the display before them . Their hearts couldn t help but turn cold at what they had seen . Zhao Hai let out a long breath and said, It looks like it s time to fight a major battle . I m afraid the Divine Race would be attacking within a few days . These guys, it seems like they aren t placing the Demons in their eyes . They clearly knew what the Demons are planning, but they still chose to be this arrogant . Laura and the others sighed, they didn t say anything . Zhao Hai changed the monitor s display to see the situation of the continent . He couldn t help but let out a sigh of relief, the continent was now starting to train the commoners . Although it was just the start, it was still a welcome development . After looking at this, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, Immediately tell the continent that the Divine Race s reinforcements are coming . Moreover, they would be attacking in the next few days . Give them the 9th rank potions now, have them promote all the armies into 9th rank . Laura and the others nodded, then they proceeded to handle the matter . Zhao Hai was still quite worried . Although having a lot of 9th ranks was great, he wasn t sure if they were able to fight the Divine Race . Zhao Hai shook his head and disposed of these ideas . Then Zhao Hai released Fuwa and asked him about the undead dragons . Fuwa told him that they would still need more days before being done . It might have been fine if there wasn t a battle, but now that one was coming, Zhao Hai couldn t help but think about how hard it was to acquire God ranks . The next day, the God rank potion had finally been made . Zhao Hai immediately called Shun over, making him take the potion . Shun smoothly became a God, but he was yet to comprehend a Domain . This time, Zhao Hai didn t deliberately find trouble with the Divine Race or the Demons, the situation was just too volatile . For now, Zhao Hai had Shun get familiarized with his new strength . And Zhao Hai made the right decision, although Shun can t make a lot of clones like Shue, he was still a powerful assassin . With his promotion to God rank, Shue s hidden weapon skills became even stronger . From Zhao Hai s calculations, not even 10 Demigods would be able to face Shue and his unstoppable hidden weapons . Now that Shun and Shue, the two friends, were on the same ground once again . Zhao Hai was thinking about promoting Blockhead and Rockhead next . The mental synergy between the two was very strong . Once they become Gods, their combat strength would surely soar . Zhao Hai was now acting like a Merchant, thinking carefully where to invest, making sure that every step was perfect . Zhao Hai and Shue helped Shun get used to his own strength . In order to improve Shun s power, Zhao Hai spent some gold coins in the Processing Machine in order to produce a batch of hidden weapons . He also gave Shun a couple of spatial bags filled with those weapons . The weapons in the bags should last him for a few years . After leaving Shue and Shun, Zhao Hai felt more relaxed . In the past, the two had been worried that they weren t able to help Zhao Hai, but now that Zhao Hai had things he couldn t handle, the two can proceed to show their usefulness . While the two were looking at the monitor, Zhao Hai went on and got used to the tiny pagoda s abilities . Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to wait for the pagoda to make the first batch of undead before testing its defensive and offensive capabilities . But now it seems like that wouldn t be the case . Not knowing when the Divine Race would attack, Zhao Hai decided to do his tests right now . If he cannot fully make use of the pagoda, then that would definitely be a loss . It was more important than upgrading the undead . The tiny pagoda s power was in the level of Demigod . But if Zhao Hai can utilize all of its strength, then he would be able to face 100 Demigods alone . Naturally, this required being familiar with the pagoda . Using the pagoda will consume its energy, delaying the undead s promotion . However, Zhao Hai didn t care about it right now . Two days later, Shun can finally make use of his Demigod level strength . At the same time, a large scale reinforcement from the Divine Realm just arrived at the Ark Continent . The war is ready to set off





* * *





Chapter 765 – Tactic Most Suited For The Space

Zhao Hai was currently looking at the Divine Race displayed in the monitor . This time, the Divine Race reinforcement were mainly infantry . This meant that the reinforcements were true members of the Divine Race .

Besides the infantry, there were also Summoners as well as a race that Zhao Hai hadn’t seen before . There weren’t anything strange about this race other than their height . They were about six meters tall, able to see eye to eye with any tall Beastman . Their bodies looked very strong as well, judging from what can be seen through their beast skin garments . Their weapon were huge wooden trunks, and engraved on these trunks was a pattern of a vine .

From their looks, one could say that they seem to be wild men . Zhao Hai didn’t doubt these people’s strength . Each one of them were God-rank, moreover, there were quite a lot of them, about a hundred thousand .

A hundred thousand might not look great in an army of ten million, but with their builds, a hundred thousand robust men looked very terrifying .

Laura and the others were also in the living room, looking at the Divine Race’s reinforcements through the monitor . In total, the reinforcing army numbered about 20 million . Adding on to the previous army, the Divine Race now numbered at 30 million, the same number as the Ark Continent’s entire military unit .

What kind of concept was a 30 million soldier army? In addition to the little slaves that cultivated, the Divine Race had now completely filled up the entire Radiant Empire .





Laura frowned and said, “It looks like the Divine Race is ready to march . Brother Hai, what can we do about this? They wouldn’t be so easy to stop . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “They truly are quite hard to deal with, but we need to do it regardless . Anyway, most of the Ark Continent’s army have already been promoted to 9th rank . They should be enough to make a dent on the Divine Race . To be honest, I’m not quite afraid of the Divine Race . Unlike with the Demons, I can make undead out of their dead soldiers . They wouldn’t blow themselves up so I should be able to replenish our forces . ”

Laura nodded, then she said, “We should also give our army some magic beasts . This way, they would have more mobility in the battlefield . ”

Zhao Hai agreed, “Alright, do that immediately . Later on, we can only battle in this way . ”

Laura gave a nod before she, along with Lizzy and the others, made their move . They had already discussed this matter before . They would supply the armies of the continent with fast magic beasts in order to make use of the beasts’ mobility . As soon as the Divine Race attacks, the armies would continue on and harass them whenever possible using blood lightning beads . They wouldn’t make the Divine Race relax even for a little bit .

Zhao Hai’s methods turned out to be the same as what he repeatedly used in the past . Using guerilla warfare, they would continue to nibble at the Divine Race, making them unable to breathe properly .

This method was completely compatible with Zhao Hai . Because of the Space, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid that the soldiers would be ambushed, so it was a relatively safe way for them .

Zhao Hai didn’t have the means to deal with the enemy right now since his side was still quite weak . Because of this, they can only resort to making the Divine Race stumble on every step they make .





Zhao Hai didn’t have the means to deal with the enemy right now since his side was still quite weak . Because of this, they can only resort to making the Divine Race stumble on every step they make .

Zhao Hai’s side sent large quantities of magic beasts to the various armies in the continent . Since the Beastmen had their own mount, they didn’t need to be provided with some . On the other hand, even if the Dwarves still had their iron armored beasts, those mounts can only be used to dig, so they were very unsuitable for mobility purposes .

The Elven race has been completely transformed as an aerial unit . Their blood hawks have become very good in coordination . The ones who mainly needed the mounts were the Human armies . On the other hand, the Fishmen had special bodies . Although they have become 9th ranks and can leave the water for a long time, they would still need some time to get used to it .

As the Divine Race army arrived at the continent, they went on and recuperated for a few days . In any case, they weren’t in a hurry . In their opinion, the Ark Continent was already in their bag, so they went on their operation with leisure .

Zhao Hai took this time to complete the distribution of fast magic beasts . These magic beasts had already reached 9th rank, even the fastest pegasus mounts wouldn’t be able to catch them .

After handing the magic beasts out, Zhao Hai immediately led the troops to the battlefield, which was the cities in the Buddha Empire . Zhao Hai had already prepared the materials for those who would be stationed there . And as soon as they leave the place, the Space would just reclaim them . The Space was Zhao Hai’s ultimate weapon, it gave him the confidence to tussle with the Divine Race .

Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t have much problems in using the Space . When it came to command, he was already leaving it to Lizzy and Megan . This would also provide them with more experience for later on .

But although Zhao Hai wasn’t very good in commanding an army, he was still someone who had lived during the Information Era . Even if he wasn’t a commander, he can still apply the tactics that he had heard before, like the guerilla tactics . When he proposed this, Lizzy and Megan were actually shocked . They thought that this was the best way to combine tactics and the Space .





But although Zhao Hai wasn’t very good in commanding an army, he was still someone who had lived during the Information Era . Even if he wasn’t a commander, he can still apply the tactics that he had heard before, like the guerilla tactics . When he proposed this, Lizzy and Megan were actually shocked . They thought that this was the best way to combine tactics and the Space .

When he heard the reason for their surprise, Zhao Hai understood that he had been underestimating the Space . It would definitely be a waste if they didn’t use the Space in their plans to chip away at the Divine Race . But since he didn’t want to reveal the Space to the soldiers, he can only transport the troops from one point to another . But even with this, they can still attack the Divine Race momentarily before turning back .

Because they had planned a guerilla warfare, Zhao Hai wasn’t too worried about the success or failure of a city . And since this was the case, Zhao Hai withdrew the magic cannons and then placed them inside his undead .

The corpses in Accra Mountain that were meant to be consumed had been transformed into undead by Zhao Hai . This was especially true for those with large bodies, they will become moving turrets, helping the mobile army in both attack and retreat .

Zhao Hai sent these moving turrets into the armies earlier so that they can get accustomed to using them in battle . More efficiency on their part would allow Zhao Hai to gain more undead .

Although the blood lightning beads were very strong, its targets would get vaporized once hit, leaving Zhao Hai with no bodies to turn into undead . Because of this, Zhao Hai was prepared to use these magic cannons along with the soldiers in order to gain more undead . At this point, the promoted 9th rank soldiers were extremely obedient towards Zhao Hai . They were very grateful for Zhao Hai for providing them with a way to improve their strength .

It can be said that if Zhao Hai commanded them to kill their monarchs, these soldiers would do it . In any case, the entire Ark Continent was depending on Zhao Hai . At this point, the Kings were less important compared to him .

The other races might not have this sentiment, but their feeling of gratitude for Zhao Hai was still quite strong . These races might not listen to anyone, but they will completely obey Zhao Hai .

As the continent was completing its preparation, the Accra Mountain’s defense line continued to be constructed . But at this time, the Demon Race’s side also underwent some changes .



The other races might not have this sentiment, but their feeling of gratitude for Zhao Hai was still quite strong . These races might not listen to anyone, but they will completely obey Zhao Hai .

As the continent was completing its preparation, the Accra Mountain’s defense line continued to be constructed . But at this time, the Demon Race’s side also underwent some changes .

The Demons were continually listening for news regarding Zhao Hai and the Divine Race . Therefore, it would be impossible for the Demons to be unaware that the Divine Race reinforcements have come . Moreover, they also knew that the continent had started to move . With this information, how could the Demons just let go of this opportunity .

The Demons were very clear about the fighting strength of the continent . They also knew that Zhao Hai had provided 9th rank potions to the continent . They even managed to get a potion for themselves . Then they sent the potion off to be researched . However, they had no idea how hard would it be to study the spatial water .

The reason why the Demons were aware of all of these was because they had people inside the Ark Continent . One shouldn’t forget about Engraved Ark . At present, none of them had been rooted out yet . Even if Zhao Hai has the Space, it would be impossible to catch all of them, especially at this hectic time .

Seeing the Demon Race’s changes, Zhao Hai knew that the true war has come . Once the Divine Race made their move, the Demons would soon follow suit . If they don’t, then they aren’t the Demon Race .

In the face of this situation, Zhao Hai can only turn to the armies in the Buddha Empire . What they needed to do was stall the invaders for as long as possible .

The Divine Race didn’t make Zhao Hai wait for long . Five days after their arrival, the Divine Race finally started to move . They gathered two battalions of mostly infantry and giants to head towards the city . On the other hand, the light and heavy cavalries became the second army and third army which directly went to the heart of the Buddha Empire . They thought that this army was enough, they were thinking that they were far superior to the Ark Continent’s army . The infantry and giants would face Zhao Hai while the 2nd and 3rd armies would circumvent Upper Bank City in order to target the other cities further inside the empire . Once these cities were taken care of, they would go back and deal with Zhao Hai . Even if they allowed Zhao Hai to escape, at least they already held control of the Buddha Empire .

This plan was good . But unfortunately for them, the weren’t aware that the Ark Continent’s armies had already been promoted . Moreover, they had also changed their tactics, they weren’t going to hold a city anymore!

 Chapter 765 Tactic Most Suited For The Space Zhao Hai was currently looking at the Divine Race displayed in the monitor . This time, the Divine Race reinforcement were mainly infantry . This meant that the reinforcements were true members of the Divine Race . Besides the infantry, there were also Summoners as well as a race that Zhao Hai hadn t seen before . There weren t anything strange about this race other than their height . They were about six meters tall, able to see eye to eye with any tall Beastman . Their bodies looked very strong as well, judging from what can be seen through their beast skin garments . Their weapon were huge wooden trunks, and engraved on these trunks was a pattern of a vine . From their looks, one could say that they seem to be wild men . Zhao Hai didn t doubt these people s strength . Each one of them were God rank, moreover, there were quite a lot of them, about a hundred thousand . A hundred thousand might not look great in an army of ten million, but with their builds, a hundred thousand robust men looked very terrifying . Laura and the others were also in the living room, looking at the Divine Race s reinforcements through the monitor . In total, the reinforcing army numbered about 20 million . Adding on to the previous army, the Divine Race now numbered at 30 million, the same number as the Ark Continent s entire military unit . What kind of concept was a 30 million soldier army In addition to the little slaves that cultivated, the Divine Race had now completely filled up the entire Radiant Empire . Laura frowned and said, It looks like the Divine Race is ready to march . Brother Hai, what can we do about this They wouldn t be so easy to stop . Zhao Hai nodded and said, They truly are quite hard to deal with, but we need to do it regardless . Anyway, most of the Ark Continent s army have already been promoted to 9th rank . They should be enough to make a dent on the Divine Race . To be honest, I m not quite afraid of the Divine Race . Unlike with the Demons, I can make undead out of their dead soldiers . They wouldn t blow themselves up so I should be able to replenish our forces . Laura nodded, then she said, We should also give our army some magic beasts . This way, they would have more mobility in the battlefield . Zhao Hai agreed, Alright, do that immediately . Later on, we can only battle in this way . Laura gave a nod before she, along with Lizzy and the others, made their move . They had already discussed this matter before . They would supply the armies of the continent with fast magic beasts in order to make use of the beasts mobility . As soon as the Divine Race attacks, the armies would continue on and harass them whenever possible using blood lightning beads . They wouldn t make the Divine Race relax even for a little bit . Zhao Hai s methods turned out to be the same as what he repeatedly used in the past . Using guerilla warfare, they would continue to nibble at the Divine Race, making them unable to breathe properly . This method was completely compatible with Zhao Hai . Because of the Space, Zhao Hai wasn t afraid that the soldiers would be ambushed, so it was a relatively safe way for them . Zhao Hai didn t have the means to deal with the enemy right now since his side was still quite weak . Because of this, they can only resort to making the Divine Race stumble on every step they make . Zhao Hai s side sent large quantities of magic beasts to the various armies in the continent . Since the Beastmen had their own mount, they didn t need to be provided with some . On the other hand, even if the Dwarves still had their iron armored beasts, those mounts can only be used to dig, so they were very unsuitable for mobility purposes . The Elven race has been completely transformed as an aerial unit . Their blood hawks have become very good in coordination . The ones who mainly needed the mounts were the Human armies . On the other hand, the Fishmen had special bodies . Although they have become 9th ranks and can leave the water for a long time, they would still need some time to get used to it . As the Divine Race army arrived at the continent, they went on and recuperated for a few days . In any case, they weren t in a hurry . In their opinion, the Ark Continent was already in their bag, so they went on their operation with leisure . Zhao Hai took this time to complete the distribution of fast magic beasts . These magic beasts had already reached 9th rank, even the fastest pegasus mounts wouldn t be able to catch them . After handing the magic beasts out, Zhao Hai immediately led the troops to the battlefield, which was the cities in the Buddha Empire . Zhao Hai had already prepared the materials for those who would be stationed there . And as soon as they leave the place, the Space would just reclaim them . The Space was Zhao Hai s ultimate weapon, it gave him the confidence to tussle with the Divine Race . Actually, Zhao Hai didn t have much problems in using the Space . When it came to command, he was already leaving it to Lizzy and Megan . This would also provide them with more experience for later on . But although Zhao Hai wasn t very good in commanding an army, he was still someone who had lived during the Information Era . Even if he wasn t a commander, he can still apply the tactics that he had heard before, like the guerilla tactics . When he proposed this, Lizzy and Megan were actually shocked . They thought that this was the best way to combine tactics and the Space . When he heard the reason for their surprise, Zhao Hai understood that he had been underestimating the Space . It would definitely be a waste if they didn t use the Space in their plans to chip away at the Divine Race . But since he didn t want to reveal the Space to the soldiers, he can only transport the troops from one point to another . But even with this, they can still attack the Divine Race momentarily before turning back . Because they had planned a guerilla warfare, Zhao Hai wasn t too worried about the success or failure of a city . And since this was the case, Zhao Hai withdrew the magic cannons and then placed them inside his undead . The corpses in Accra Mountain that were meant to be consumed had been transformed into undead by Zhao Hai . This was especially true for those with large bodies, they will become moving turrets, helping the mobile army in both attack and retreat . Zhao Hai sent these moving turrets into the armies earlier so that they can get accustomed to using them in battle . More efficiency on their part would allow Zhao Hai to gain more undead . Although the blood lightning beads were very strong, its targets would get vaporized once hit, leaving Zhao Hai with no bodies to turn into undead . Because of this, Zhao Hai was prepared to use these magic cannons along with the soldiers in order to gain more undead . At this point, the promoted 9th rank soldiers were extremely obedient towards Zhao Hai . They were very grateful for Zhao Hai for providing them with a way to improve their strength . It can be said that if Zhao Hai commanded them to kill their monarchs, these soldiers would do it . In any case, the entire Ark Continent was depending on Zhao Hai . At this point, the Kings were less important compared to him . The other races might not have this sentiment, but their feeling of gratitude for Zhao Hai was still quite strong . These races might not listen to anyone, but they will completely obey Zhao Hai . As the continent was completing its preparation, the Accra Mountain s defense line continued to be constructed . But at this time, the Demon Race s side also underwent some changes . The Demons were continually listening for news regarding Zhao Hai and the Divine Race . Therefore, it would be impossible for the Demons to be unaware that the Divine Race reinforcements have come . Moreover, they also knew that the continent had started to move . With this information, how could the Demons just let go of this opportunity . The Demons were very clear about the fighting strength of the continent . They also knew that Zhao Hai had provided 9th rank potions to the continent . They even managed to get a potion for themselves . Then they sent the potion off to be researched . However, they had no idea how hard would it be to study the spatial water . The reason why the Demons were aware of all of these was because they had people inside the Ark Continent . One shouldn t forget about Engraved Ark . At present, none of them had been rooted out yet . Even if Zhao Hai has the Space, it would be impossible to catch all of them, especially at this hectic time . Seeing the Demon Race s changes, Zhao Hai knew that the true war has come . Once the Divine Race made their move, the Demons would soon follow suit . If they don t, then they aren t the Demon Race . In the face of this situation, Zhao Hai can only turn to the armies in the Buddha Empire . What they needed to do was stall the invaders for as long as possible . The Divine Race didn t make Zhao Hai wait for long . Five days after their arrival, the Divine Race finally started to move . They gathered two battalions of mostly infantry and giants to head towards the city . On the other hand, the light and heavy cavalries became the second army and third army which directly went to the heart of the Buddha Empire . They thought that this army was enough, they were thinking that they were far superior to the Ark Continent s army . The infantry and giants would face Zhao Hai while the 2nd and 3rd armies would circumvent Upper Bank City in order to target the other cities further inside the empire . Once these cities were taken care of, they would go back and deal with Zhao Hai . Even if they allowed Zhao Hai to escape, at least they already held control of the Buddha Empire . This plan was good . But unfortunately for them, the weren t aware that the Ark Continent s armies had already been promoted . Moreover, they had also changed their tactics, they weren t going to hold a city anymore





* * *





Chapter 766 – God of Thunder’s Army

Thunder Yun was a famous general in the Divine Race . He was called the God of Thunder because first; he was a lightning element divergent ability user . Second, because he had a booming voice that was just like thunder . And third, because of his Thunder Army .

The God of Thunder’s Army held fame in the Divine Race . Belonging to this army were the Giants . Just as Zhao Hai thought, the Divine Race had already conquered other planes . Some of the races in these planes were subdued, like the heavy cavalry, the winged pegasus cavalry, and the Giants .

The status of these people wasn’t high in the Divine Realm . The heavy cavalry unit was treated just the same as those little green creatures that currently cultivated the Radiant Empire’s land . The only difference between the two of them was that the green creatures were labor slaves while the heavy cavalry were battle slaves . Although the heavy cavalry held higher status that the green creatures, they still couldn’t escape the title of being a slave .

There were divisions when it came to the status of the slaves . The heavy cavalry held lower status compared to the winged pegasus cavalry . And the winged pegasus cavalry held lower status than the Giants . And the status of the Giants was almost no less than the commoners among the Divine Race .





The Giants in Thunder Yun’s army were called the Totem Division . They were a very powerful part of the army . Not only were their close combat capabilities strong, they can also use their totems to summon vines that would help them in battle . These vines were actually a kind of lightning element creature .

Thunder Yun has been fighting for the Divine Race for many years . With the God of Thunder’s Army in his hands, he had won many victories for the Divine Race, gaining awe and popularity in the Divine Race . He was even awarded a plane as his territory . This plane was where the Giants resided in . He directly named this plane as the God of Thunder’s Plane . The original name of the plane was Lightning Continent, precisely because of the lightning element creatures .

Thunder Yun was over 400 years old, a not so old age for a Divine Race person . If compared to a Human, he would be just like a middle-aged man . He silver hair on his head . However, the hair was quite strange . It looks just like Thunder Yun was hit by electricity, the hairs were standing up, and even looked a little burnt .

He also had a full silvery-white beard . He also had silver white armor as well as a silver-white weapon and silver white horse . His horse was not the same as a common one . This horse was just like the horned pegasus, but without wings . Also, the horn on its head would constantly flash with lightning . It was evident that it was a lightning element beast .

Although Thunder Yun didn’t think too much about the Ark Continent, his many years of experience allowed him a habit of collecting information . So when he arrived at the Ark Continent, he immediately asked Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke about the plane as well as Zhao Hai .





Although Thunder Yun didn’t think too much about the Ark Continent, his many years of experience allowed him a habit of collecting information . So when he arrived at the Ark Continent, he immediately asked Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke about the plane as well as Zhao Hai .

In the past, the Radiant Church had amassed information from Zhao Hai . But naturally, all of that was useless right now . When the Divine Race clashed with Zhao Hai, they discovered that Zhao Hai’s strength was better than what they imagined . The only trusted information that they had right now was from the two battles . Although some of them were useless and there were only a few good points, Thunder Yun was still able to get an idea about how strong Zhao Hai was .

When Thunder Yun saw the estimation of Zhao Hai’s strength, he couldn’t help but be surprised . He didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be this strong . He managed to repel their advance twice, without losing too much on his side .

Although this made Thunder Yun look down on Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke, this also allowed him to pay close attention to Zhao Hai . He knew about the strength of Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke’s armies . Silver Shuke was assigned to be the vanguard, this alone explains how much trust the Divine Race had on him . On the other hand, Silver Shuke’s regiment was able to summon the Deity . In addition to the light and heavy cavalries, the two armies couldn’t just be underestimated .

For these two regiments to be driven away by Zhao Hai was in itself proof of how strong Zhao Hai was . Because of this, Thunder Yun became alert towards Zhao Hai, despite his inner belief that the two regiments should be able to take the city on their own .

Thunder Yun was currently sitting on his magic beast . On his side was someone who held his weapon for him . This person was quite tall and big, about four meters tall . Beside carrying Thunder Yun’s weapon, he also had his own wooden trunk . This person was the leader of the Totem Division of Thunder Yun’s army .





Thunder Yun was currently sitting on his magic beast . On his side was someone who held his weapon for him . This person was quite tall and big, about four meters tall . Beside carrying Thunder Yun’s weapon, he also had his own wooden trunk . This person was the leader of the Totem Division of Thunder Yun’s army .

Although this person wasn’t as big as the other Giants, he was actually a Highgod . With his two feet, he was innately fast . Now that he had become God-rank, he was unnaturally quick, he can even catch up with Thunder Yun who was on top of his mount . Because of this, Thunder Yun decided to have him as his own personal guard .

Thunder Yun was moderately advancing . In his front was his army, along with the Giant’s Totem Division .

One could say that the Totem Division was Thunder Yun’s most trusted men . This was because in addition to having them in his army, they were also residents of his own plane, whose families were very loyal to him . Moreover, their fighting strength was great . They were totally unafraid of war and were the most obedient troops .

In multiple wars, the Totem Division had secured him victories just by smashing through the enemy’s army . Because of this, inside the God of Thunder’s army, the Giants actually held greater status than the Divine Race .

Thunder Yun, who was going forward, suddenly muttered, “It has been a long time since we had met an interesting opponent . Fei’er, how do you think Zhao Hai would deal with us?”[1]



In multiple wars, the Totem Division had secured him victories just by smashing through the enemy’s army . Because of this, inside the God of Thunder’s army, the Giants actually held greater status than the Divine Race .

Thunder Yun, who was going forward, suddenly muttered, “It has been a long time since we had met an interesting opponent . Fei’er, how do you think Zhao Hai would deal with us?”[1]

Fei’er was the Giant that stood next to him . Although this person looked stupid, his head wasn’t like that at all . He was Thunder Yun’s most trusted man, he would confidently discuss everything with this giant .

Can also be called Little Swift . However, I always think of Phil Swift when I type it . That guy from the ‘That’s a lotta damage’ meme > . >  Chapter 766 God of Thunder s Army Thunder Yun was a famous general in the Divine Race . He was called the God of Thunder because first he was a lightning element divergent ability user . Second, because he had a booming voice that was just like thunder . And third, because of his Thunder Army . The God of Thunder s Army held fame in the Divine Race . Belonging to this army were the Giants . Just as Zhao Hai thought, the Divine Race had already conquered other planes . Some of the races in these planes were subdued, like the heavy cavalry, the winged pegasus cavalry, and the Giants . The status of these people wasn t high in the Divine Realm . The heavy cavalry unit was treated just the same as those little green creatures that currently cultivated the Radiant Empire s land . The only difference between the two of them was that the green creatures were labor slaves while the heavy cavalry were battle slaves . Although the heavy cavalry held higher status that the green creatures, they still couldn t escape the title of being a slave . There were divisions when it came to the status of the slaves . The heavy cavalry held lower status compared to the winged pegasus cavalry . And the winged pegasus cavalry held lower status than the Giants . And the status of the Giants was almost no less than the commoners among the Divine Race . The Giants in Thunder Yun s army were called the Totem Division . They were a very powerful part of the army . Not only were their close combat capabilities strong, they can also use their totems to summon vines that would help them in battle . These vines were actually a kind of lightning element creature . Thunder Yun has been fighting for the Divine Race for many years . With the God of Thunder s Army in his hands, he had won many victories for the Divine Race, gaining awe and popularity in the Divine Race . He was even awarded a plane as his territory . This plane was where the Giants resided in . He directly named this plane as the God of Thunder s Plane . The original name of the plane was Lightning Continent, precisely because of the lightning element creatures . Thunder Yun was over 400 years old, a not so old age for a Divine Race person . If compared to a Human, he would be just like a middle aged man . He silver hair on his head . However, the hair was quite strange . It looks just like Thunder Yun was hit by electricity, the hairs were standing up, and even looked a little burnt . He also had a full silvery white beard . He also had silver white armor as well as a silver white weapon and silver white horse . His horse was not the same as a common one . This horse was just like the horned pegasus, but without wings . Also, the horn on its head would constantly flash with lightning . It was evident that it was a lightning element beast . Although Thunder Yun didn t think too much about the Ark Continent, his many years of experience allowed him a habit of collecting information . So when he arrived at the Ark Continent, he immediately asked Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke about the plane as well as Zhao Hai . In the past, the Radiant Church had amassed information from Zhao Hai . But naturally, all of that was useless right now . When the Divine Race clashed with Zhao Hai, they discovered that Zhao Hai s strength was better than what they imagined . The only trusted information that they had right now was from the two battles . Although some of them were useless and there were only a few good points, Thunder Yun was still able to get an idea about how strong Zhao Hai was . When Thunder Yun saw the estimation of Zhao Hai s strength, he couldn t help but be surprised . He didn t think that Zhao Hai would be this strong . He managed to repel their advance twice, without losing too much on his side . Although this made Thunder Yun look down on Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke, this also allowed him to pay close attention to Zhao Hai . He knew about the strength of Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke s armies . Silver Shuke was assigned to be the vanguard, this alone explains how much trust the Divine Race had on him . On the other hand, Silver Shuke s regiment was able to summon the Deity . In addition to the light and heavy cavalries, the two armies couldn t just be underestimated . For these two regiments to be driven away by Zhao Hai was in itself proof of how strong Zhao Hai was . Because of this, Thunder Yun became alert towards Zhao Hai, despite his inner belief that the two regiments should be able to take the city on their own . Thunder Yun was currently sitting on his magic beast . On his side was someone who held his weapon for him . This person was quite tall and big, about four meters tall . Beside carrying Thunder Yun s weapon, he also had his own wooden trunk . This person was the leader of the Totem Division of Thunder Yun s army . Although this person wasn t as big as the other Giants, he was actually a Highgod . With his two feet, he was innately fast . Now that he had become God rank, he was unnaturally quick, he can even catch up with Thunder Yun who was on top of his mount . Because of this, Thunder Yun decided to have him as his own personal guard . Thunder Yun was moderately advancing . In his front was his army, along with the Giant s Totem Division . One could say that the Totem Division was Thunder Yun s most trusted men . This was because in addition to having them in his army, they were also residents of his own plane, whose families were very loyal to him . Moreover, their fighting strength was great . They were totally unafraid of war and were the most obedient troops . In multiple wars, the Totem Division had secured him victories just by smashing through the enemy s army . Because of this, inside the God of Thunder s army, the Giants actually held greater status than the Divine Race . Thunder Yun, who was going forward, suddenly muttered, It has been a long time since we had met an interesting opponent . Fei er, how do you think Zhao Hai would deal with us 1 Fei er was the Giant that stood next to him . Although this person looked stupid, his head wasn t like that at all . He was Thunder Yun s most trusted man, he would confidently discuss everything with this giant . Can also be called Little Swift . However, I always think of Phil Swift when I type it . That guy from the That s a lotta damage meme .





* * *


 767: 767

Chapter 767 – Engagement



Aiken was a Ten Thousand-man commander for the Rosen Empire . His former post was the commander for Rosen Empire’s elite heavy armor infantry . It was said that although he was just a Ten Thousand-man commander, his status wasn’t any lower than a local regiment army commander .



In the Rosen Empire, a local regiment commander generally commanded a hundred thousand to a hundred fifty thousand troops . For a ten thousand-man commander to be placed in the same status as a regiment commander was saying something .



Presently, Aiken was 40 years old . He was an 8th rank expert before but had just recently become 9th rank . His promotion was something that Zhao Hai gave him .



Aiken was in admiration towards Zhao Hai . In a short time, he managed to turn the Buda Clan into one of the most powerful families in the continent . That in itself was great, but he also married several beautiful women with powerful backgrounds, eliciting envy from people all over the continent .



And most of all, what made him very famous was his fighting strength . He was too strong, not only was he able to extinguish the Dragons, he even blocked the advance of the Demons and the Divine Race .



Aiken was one of the first people to be sent over here . Because of this, he was clear about the strength of the Divine Race . Seeing Zhao Hai drive them away was something that Aiken would never forget . Adding the fact that he was made 9th rank because of him, Aiken’s gratitude for Zhao Hai was something that only he could describe .



Zhao Hai’s plan had already been told to Aiken . Since Zhao Hai gave them horse-type magic beasts, they took off their heavy armor and donned light armor in exchange . The weapon that they held weren’t their heavy shields, but javelins instead . These javelins looked simple, just wooden poles that were sharpened .



However, Aiken knew not to underestimate the javelins . This was because he was aware that although they looked simple, these javelins were actually holding blood lightning beads .



But Aiken wasn’t thinking about this right now as his hand touched the small bag on his waist from time to time . Those who followed him were looking over with an envious gaze at the little leather bag, as if it was a rare treasure .



It can be said that the bag was indeed a treasure, it was a spatial bag . It was one of the smaller bags, only having ten or so cubic meters of space inside . What made it important was the thing inside it, a messenger fish .



Zhao Hai already had a lot of messenger fishes inside the Space . Therefore, he put them in good use and gave the leaders of each army group one . Ten thousand man commanders like Aiken would lead his army to harass the Divine Race, and in his group, only he obtained a messenger fish .



And although Aiken’s group were already 9th ranks, their flight speed wasn’t that quick . This was supplemented by Zhao Hai providing them with magic beasts . This magic beast wasn’t acquired from the Ark Continent, it was actually something bought from the Space’s shop, a Ferghana Horse .



Ferghana horses were animals from Earth . It was one of the most expensive ones not only because of their speed, but also their great endurance .



However, these ferghana horses were clearly different compared from those back on earth . These horses were now 9th ranks, so they were able to fly . Moreover, they still kept their speed and endurance . They were very well suited to be mounts, especially for a cavalry unit that needed to be quick .



The place that Aiken’s group were currently in wasn’t far from the Radiant Empire’s border . However, they were unable to see the Divine Race’s army . After all, if they can spot the Divine Race, the Divine Race can spot them as well .



Hower, they would still send some squads to monitor the Divine Race Army . This wouldn’t cause any problems with the Divine Race since they were already aware that Zhao Hai would send people to monitor their movements . If he did not, then it might even arouse their suspicion .



Aiken’s group had very excited expressions right now, they knew that they would be the first batch to face the Divine Race . For them, this was the greatest honor, this meant that they had Zhao Hai’s trust .



Aiken was a great military leader, otherwise he wouldn’t have become the commander of an elite heavy infantry unit . HIs family didn’t have a deep background, they were just an average middle grade noble family .



He relied on his military exploits in order to climb the ranks and end up where he was right now . Because of this, he was someone who was unafraid of war . Conversely, he liked going to war, only through battles could he gain more military merit .



Aiken touched the spatial bag once more, muttering, “Will it be soon?”



The guard at his side, upon hearing Aiken, calmly said, “Sir, it should be quite soon . Mister said it, so we should trust him . ”



And just as the guard finished talking, Aiken’s two eyes shined . Then he took his spatial bag and took out the glass bottle inside . Soon after that, Zhao Hai’s voice came, “Aiken, go towards the left front . If you see any Divine Race troops, attack them then immediately retreat . ”



Aiken quickly responded, “Yes, sir . We will head out immediately . ”



Then Zhao Hai’s voice replied, “Be careful and don’t go too near . Killing the other party isn’t important, I want all of you back alive . ” Aiken gave a sound of affirmation, then he placed the messenger fish back into the bag .



After putting the messenger fish away, Aiken turned to his men and said loudly, “Brothers, Mister Zhao Hai has ordered us to attack . We have 12 javelins, so when we meet the Divine Race, we will throw them out in the shortest time possible before we withdraw . Don’t hesitate and remember Mister’s instructions . ”



The men gave a loud shout . In the eyes these frontline soldiers, Zhao Hai was a supreme existence . As long as Zhao Hai gave word, they will surely respond .



Then Aiken held his hand out as a banner was passed on to him . Embroidered on this flag was an ox, the symbol of Aiken’s troop .



Aiken looked at the banner and lifted it as he said, “Mount your horses, then we go forward!” Although they were heavy infantry, they were still used to riding horses . In the Ark Continent, there were many homes which had lower level magic beasts . These can be used to haul goods or plow the lands . And since Aiken himself was a nobleman, it would be impossible for him to be unable to ride a horse . After all, it was a compulsory lesson for nobles like him .



The others were similar as well . Some of them even came from military cavalry families . The reason they joined the heavy armor infantry was because they were deemed to be the elite forces of the Rosen Empire, their salary was the best . Therefore, any outstanding soldier would sign up for the heavy infantry division .



For this reason, Zhao Hai didn’t worry too much when he gave them their mounts . These people were already decent cavalry units without any need for training .



Aiken’s group got ready very fast . It didn’t take too long before the four hooves of the ferghana horses started to flutter . They seemed to be running on clouds, but this was just an illusion caused by how fast they were going . Soon, they were able to see the Divine Race army .



This Divine Race army had about 20 million troops in it . It can be said that their presence managed to blot out the sky . Compared to the 20 million, Aiken’s ten thousand troops looked utterly significant . Anyone weak willed would see their legs give out after facing such a display .



However, Aiken and the others were unafraid . In the past, Zhao Hai used tens of millions of undead to face the Divine Race army, they were already used to the scales of the current war .



The Divine Race also saw the approaching troop . Almost immediately, a similarly numbered troop went out of their formation in order to meet Aiken’s cavalry . After seeing the approaching enemy, Aiken’s eyes shone bright as he bellowed, “Prepare!” Then he took out two javelins from the leather bag by his side . The others did the same .



They didn’t stop going forward, seemingly intent on facing the ten thousand troops of the Divine Race . The Divine Race troops were all infantry, one can clearly see that they weren’t weak .



As these people went toward Aiken’s troop, they also adjusted their formation accordingly . They spread out and when they were a kilometer away they immediately established their Domain .



Although they were just ordinary God-rank experts, this display was already extraordinary . There were almost no Demigods among the Divine Race army . With how much they fight, it would only take a short time before they comprehend a Domain after reaching God-rank . After all, their Divine Race Demigods either comprehend a Domain or die in the battlefield .



Aiken already knew about Domains, but he still didn’t retreat . Instead, they went forward faster . As they quickly approach, the properties of the Domains started to show up . Seeing the spear shaped Domains, Aiken said, “Beware of long ranged attacks!” But even if he said that, they still didn’t stop and rushed forward with the same tenacity .



The distance between the two got closer and closer . When they were about 200 meters away, the Divine Race army suddenly released 10 thousand spear attacks towards Aiken’s group .



After feeling the might of the enemy’s approaching attack, Aiken immediately shouted, “First volley, fire!”



Then he switched to his other hand and said, “Second volley, fire!”



Two rounds of javelins, twenty thousand in total, darkened the skies as they flew towards the Divine Race’s ten thousand man army .



Chapter 767 EngagementAiken was a Ten Thousand man commander for the Rosen Empire . His former post was the commander for Rosen Empire s elite heavy armor infantry . It was said that although he was just a Ten Thousand man commander, his status wasn t any lower than a local regiment army commander . In the Rosen Empire, a local regiment commander generally commanded a hundred thousand to a hundred fifty thousand troops . For a ten thousand man commander to be placed in the same status as a regiment commander was saying something . Presently, Aiken was 40 years old . He was an 8th rank expert before but had just recently become 9th rank . His promotion was something that Zhao Hai gave him . Aiken was in admiration towards Zhao Hai . In a short time, he managed to turn the Buda Clan into one of the most powerful families in the continent . That in itself was great, but he also married several beautiful women with powerful backgrounds, eliciting envy from people all over the continent . And most of all, what made him very famous was his fighting strength . He was too strong, not only was he able to extinguish the Dragons, he even blocked the advance of the Demons and the Divine Race . Aiken was one of the first people to be sent over here . Because of this, he was clear about the strength of the Divine Race . Seeing Zhao Hai drive them away was something that Aiken would never forget . Adding the fact that he was made 9th rank because of him, Aiken s gratitude for Zhao Hai was something that only he could describe . Zhao Hai s plan had already been told to Aiken . Since Zhao Hai gave them horse type magic beasts, they took off their heavy armor and donned light armor in exchange . The weapon that they held weren t their heavy shields, but javelins instead . These javelins looked simple, just wooden poles that were sharpened . However, Aiken knew not to underestimate the javelins . This was because he was aware that although they looked simple, these javelins were actually holding blood lightning beads . But Aiken wasn t thinking about this right now as his hand touched the small bag on his waist from time to time . Those who followed him were looking over with an envious gaze at the little leather bag, as if it was a rare treasure . It can be said that the bag was indeed a treasure, it was a spatial bag . It was one of the smaller bags, only having ten or so cubic meters of space inside . What made it important was the thing inside it, a messenger fish . Zhao Hai already had a lot of messenger fishes inside the Space . Therefore, he put them in good use and gave the leaders of each army group one . Ten thousand man commanders like Aiken would lead his army to harass the Divine Race, and in his group, only he obtained a messenger fish . And although Aiken s group were already 9th ranks, their flight speed wasn t that quick . This was supplemented by Zhao Hai providing them with magic beasts . This magic beast wasn t acquired from the Ark Continent, it was actually something bought from the Space s shop, a Ferghana Horse . Ferghana horses were animals from Earth . It was one of the most expensive ones not only because of their speed, but also their great endurance . However, these ferghana horses were clearly different compared from those back on earth . These horses were now 9th ranks, so they were able to fly . Moreover, they still kept their speed and endurance . They were very well suited to be mounts, especially for a cavalry unit that needed to be quick . The place that Aiken s group were currently in wasn t far from the Radiant Empire s border . However, they were unable to see the Divine Race s army . After all, if they can spot the Divine Race, the Divine Race can spot them as well . Hower, they would still send some squads to monitor the Divine Race Army . This wouldn t cause any problems with the Divine Race since they were already aware that Zhao Hai would send people to monitor their movements . If he did not, then it might even arouse their suspicion . Aiken s group had very excited expressions right now, they knew that they would be the first batch to face the Divine Race . For them, this was the greatest honor, this meant that they had Zhao Hai s trust . Aiken was a great military leader, otherwise he wouldn t have become the commander of an elite heavy infantry unit . HIs family didn t have a deep background, they were just an average middle grade noble family . He relied on his military exploits in order to climb the ranks and end up where he was right now . Because of this, he was someone who was unafraid of war . Conversely, he liked going to war, only through battles could he gain more military merit . Aiken touched the spatial bag once more, muttering, Will it be soon The guard at his side, upon hearing Aiken, calmly said, Sir, it should be quite soon . Mister said it, so we should trust him . And just as the guard finished talking, Aiken s two eyes shined . Then he took his spatial bag and took out the glass bottle inside . Soon after that, Zhao Hai s voice came, Aiken, go towards the left front . If you see any Divine Race troops, attack them then immediately retreat . Aiken quickly responded, Yes, sir . We will head out immediately . Then Zhao Hai s voice replied, Be careful and don t go too near . Killing the other party isn t important, I want all of you back alive . Aiken gave a sound of affirmation, then he placed the messenger fish back into the bag . After putting the messenger fish away, Aiken turned to his men and said loudly, Brothers, Mister Zhao Hai has ordered us to attack . We have 12 javelins, so when we meet the Divine Race, we will throw them out in the shortest time possible before we withdraw . Don t hesitate and remember Mister s instructions . The men gave a loud shout . In the eyes these frontline soldiers, Zhao Hai was a supreme existence . As long as Zhao Hai gave word, they will surely respond . Then Aiken held his hand out as a banner was passed on to him . Embroidered on this flag was an ox, the symbol of Aiken s troop . Aiken looked at the banner and lifted it as he said, Mount your horses, then we go forward Although they were heavy infantry, they were still used to riding horses . In the Ark Continent, there were many homes which had lower level magic beasts . These can be used to haul goods or plow the lands . And since Aiken himself was a nobleman, it would be impossible for him to be unable to ride a horse . After all, it was a compulsory lesson for nobles like him . The others were similar as well . Some of them even came from military cavalry families . The reason they joined the heavy armor infantry was because they were deemed to be the elite forces of the Rosen Empire, their salary was the best . Therefore, any outstanding soldier would sign up for the heavy infantry division . For this reason, Zhao Hai didn t worry too much when he gave them their mounts . These people were already decent cavalry units without any need for training . Aiken s group got ready very fast . It didn t take too long before the four hooves of the ferghana horses started to flutter . They seemed to be running on clouds, but this was just an illusion caused by how fast they were going . Soon, they were able to see the Divine Race army . This Divine Race army had about 20 million troops in it . It can be said that their presence managed to blot out the sky . Compared to the 20 million, Aiken s ten thousand troops looked utterly significant . Anyone weak willed would see their legs give out after facing such a display . However, Aiken and the others were unafraid . In the past, Zhao Hai used tens of millions of undead to face the Divine Race army, they were already used to the scales of the current war . The Divine Race also saw the approaching troop . Almost immediately, a similarly numbered troop went out of their formation in order to meet Aiken s cavalry . After seeing the approaching enemy, Aiken s eyes shone bright as he bellowed, Prepare Then he took out two javelins from the leather bag by his side . The others did the same . They didn t stop going forward, seemingly intent on facing the ten thousand troops of the Divine Race . The Divine Race troops were all infantry, one can clearly see that they weren t weak . As these people went toward Aiken s troop, they also adjusted their formation accordingly . They spread out and when they were a kilometer away they immediately established their Domain . Although they were just ordinary God rank experts, this display was already extraordinary . There were almost no Demigods among the Divine Race army . With how much they fight, it would only take a short time before they comprehend a Domain after reaching God rank . After all, their Divine Race Demigods either comprehend a Domain or die in the battlefield . Aiken already knew about Domains, but he still didn t retreat . Instead, they went forward faster . As they quickly approach, the properties of the Domains started to show up . Seeing the spear shaped Domains, Aiken said, Beware of long ranged attacks But even if he said that, they still didn t stop and rushed forward with the same tenacity . The distance between the two got closer and closer . When they were about 200 meters away, the Divine Race army suddenly released 10 thousand spear attacks towards Aiken s group . After feeling the might of the enemy s approaching attack, Aiken immediately shouted, First volley, fire Then he switched to his other hand and said, Second volley, fire Two rounds of javelins, twenty thousand in total, darkened the skies as they flew towards the Divine Race s ten thousand man army .





* * *





Chapter 768 – Wave After Wave

However, these two volleys didn’t hit the Divine Race, instead, they clashed with the spear attacks that the Divine Race sent out . Upon hitting the spears, an explosion suddenly happened as both spear and javelin disappeared in mid air .

Aiken didn’t stop there, upon seeing this, he immediately commanded, “Shoot all ten javelins!” Then he swung his arms continuously as he threw javelin upon javelin towards the opposing army .

After emptying their ammo, Aiken commanded, “Retreat!” Then without any hesitation, he turned his horse around and escaped .

On the other hand, upon releasing their first attack, the Divine Race thought that they would get into close combat with Aiken’s troop . They had already seen that Aiken and the others were only 9th rank, therefore, their attack shouldn’t have been able to penetrate their Domain .

But they didn’t expect that Aiken’s side would only throw two javelins each in order to eliminate the attack that the Divine Race had sent out . Then just as the Divine Race were stunned, Aiken’s next attacks came in . A wave of ten consecutive volleys were currently facing the Divine Race .

The Divine Race was already aware that the Ark Continent would use blood lightning beads . Because of this, they quickly established their Domains in order to defend themselves . However, they weren’t expecting that the attack of the enemies would be this severe .

As they stared, the ten waves of javelins exploded . The first five waves eradicated their Domains, the latter five were for the Divine Race to take .





One must say that the region taken up by 10 thousand Domains weren’t small . If average people were to throw the javelins, it would be impossible for them to even touch the Divine Race .

However, one shouldn’t forget that Aiken and the others were 9th rank experts . 9th ranks used to be the strongest people in the Ark Continent . The javelins that they threw out could easily reach 1 kilometer away . Even if the Divine Race were God-ranked, they still wouldn’t be able to quickly dodge the javelins given how close the two parties were .

Both sides were 200 meters apart and had attacked virtually the same time . It can be said that when the attacks happened, both were already quite close . Fortunately, Aiken’s horses were very agile and were able to turn corners immediately, conveniently dodging the attacks from the Divine Race .

When the Divine Race reacted, and sent people to pursue Aiken’s troops, they were already too late to catch up .

Thunder Yun didn’t care too much about small engagements like these . In his opinion, a ten thousand man troop was pretty insignificant in front of a twenty million man army . Let along those troops being 9th ranks, he can just send out an army to swiftly kill them .

However, he didn’t think that this underestimation would make him suffer a loss . Of the ten thousand people he had sent out, nobody came back . Moreover, none of them were critically injured, not even corpses remained . All of them were directly vaporized by the blood lightning beads .

Thunder Yun looked at where Aiken clashed with the ten thousand Divine Race infantry . He couldn’t help but say, “Fei’er, send an order out . Tell them to make use of ranged attacks whenever they come in contact with the people from the Ark Continent . Don’t make them go too near . ”

Fei’er nodded then relayed the orders . The faces of the Divine Race wasn’t too good . They had just left the Radiant Empire in a great mood, but they had already lost ten thousand people . It can be said that losing people this early wasn’t a good sign .





Fei’er nodded then relayed the orders . The faces of the Divine Race wasn’t too good . They had just left the Radiant Empire in a great mood, but they had already lost ten thousand people . It can be said that losing people this early wasn’t a good sign .

At this moment, on the Divine Race’s right side, another cavalry unit from the Ark Continent came out . This unit did the same, they were riding the same horses and had brought javelins . However, these people had received orders from Zhao Hai to fire at a safe distance before retreating immediately .

Zhao Hai was aware that although Domains can attack at a long distance, it was impossible for it to reach one kilometer . On the other hand, 9th ranks can confidently throw javelins at this distance . Because of this, after seeing that Aiken had caused severe losses, he instructed the others to take it easy and attack at a safe range .

This tactic was just like how mounted archers fought against infantry in the battlefield . They would pepper you with arrows in the distance and retreating when you decide to chase them .

The Divine Race rarely encountered such a thing . In the past, when the Divine Race conquers a plane, they would just saturate the place with experts, overwhelming the local residence with strength .

This would be even easier if the invaded plane didn’t have any God ranks . Without any way to resist the Divine Race, the plane would fall quite soon .

Before the Ark Continent, the Divine Race’s hardest conquest was in God of Thunder’s plane . To conquer the plane, the Divine Race had to expend a lot of resources . This was because there were a lot of God ranks in that plane . Moreover, their subordinates were also quite numerous . But even with this, they still managed to take control of the plane, despite the losses of several million lives .

That was the most dangerous situation the Divine Race had faced . But even then, they hadn’t experienced the same methods that Zhao Hai used .

It was obvious that the Ark Continent didn’t have any God-rank divisions . One can say that there were only very few God ranks among the Ark Continent’s residents . But the strange thing was, despite having low amounts of God ranks, the continent was still able to produce blood lightning beads in a quantity enough to threaten the Divine Race’s God ranks .





It was obvious that the Ark Continent didn’t have any God-rank divisions . One can say that there were only very few God ranks among the Ark Continent’s residents . But the strange thing was, despite having low amounts of God ranks, the continent was still able to produce blood lightning beads in a quantity enough to threaten the Divine Race’s God ranks .

Although there were a lot of God ranks among the Divine Race, it would still be impossible for them to have an endless supply of blood lightning beads like the Ark Continent . In fact, blood lightning beads weren’t conventional weapons in the Divine Realm . This was because the method of making these beads was very troublesome . If a God rank made one, the damage on their vitality would be enormous . Because of this, it would be impossible for the Divine Race to use blood lightning beads the same way as Zhao Hai had .

But nobody could blame the Divine Race, even they wouldn’t have expected Zhao Hai to have an ultimate weapon such as the Space . It can be said that the blood lightning beads were just an amalgamation of two energies, of which the Space had unlimited amounts of . Zhao Hai already had the Blood Pond for the blood of a God rank expert, at the same time, he also had the Dao lotus to provide the lightning element . These two allowed the Ark Continent to have an endless amount of blood lightning beads, making them a standard weapon for the Ark Continent .

After the cavalry unleashed their 12 javelins, they immediately retreated . Even if the Divine Race wanted to chase after them, they were still unable to do so . This time, the Divine Race lost 1000 men . This amount was still insignificant compared to the 20 million that were currently here .

However, Thunder Yun didn’t feel good about it . The current situation made him frown, the other party was starting to prove to be a headache .

While Thunder Yun was thinking, another wave of attack came in . It was still the same javelin attack from a different cavalry unit . They were also firing from afar before retreating . They provided zero chance for a direct confrontation .

The brows of Thunder Yun crunched up, he turned to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, transmit these orders . Have the quickest long ranged attackers stationed out front . Once the enemy comes, immediately attack them . We can’t have these cavalry units continuously chip at our troops . ”

Fei’er nodded, then relayed the orders to the army . Before long, a disturbance happened in the army . The soldiers made way as groups of people bearing bows and arrows came forward . Not only were their attacks far reaching, they were also quick in moving around .

Just as the changes in the Divine Race’s troops finished, the fourth wave of cavalry came in . Seeing them approaching, the Divine Race’s archers immediately established their bow and arrow Domain . Naturally, they wanted to have the initiative and fire attacks towards the Ark Continent’s cavalry .



Fei’er nodded, then relayed the orders to the army . Before long, a disturbance happened in the army . The soldiers made way as groups of people bearing bows and arrows came forward . Not only were their attacks far reaching, they were also quick in moving around .

Just as the changes in the Divine Race’s troops finished, the fourth wave of cavalry came in . Seeing them approaching, the Divine Race’s archers immediately established their bow and arrow Domain . Naturally, they wanted to have the initiative and fire attacks towards the Ark Continent’s cavalry .

However, the Ark Continent’s cavalry unit weren’t fools . After seeing the Divine Race’s actions, they immediately turned around and ran, abandoning their plan to attack .

The archer units tried to pursue, but they just weren’t fast enough . When they came back, the same cavalry unit went forward . This caused the archer unit to attack once more, only to find that they really couldn’t catch up .

This exchanged happened several times . Finally, the archer troop soldiers became enraged . This time, after seeing the enemy retreat, they didn’t return to their army . Instead, they went forward and went all out in pursuing the enemy .

Thunder Yun also saw the actions of the cavalry unit, he was quite enraged as well . The Ark Continent’s actions were just too insulting . It was quite obvious that they weren’t intending on fighting full on combat . They seem to be intent on chipping away at the Divine Race Army .

Because of these actions, the archer troop couldn’t help but pursue . Thunder Yun didn’t prevent them . He wanted to see where these cavalry units retreat to .

However, Thunder Yun was quick to regret his decision . Not long after the archer troop decided to pursue, they were suddenly surrounded by huge undead . Although they were huge and skeletal, the undead were fairly quick as well . They didn’t follow the cavalry units, instead, they faced the archer troop . This made the archers stop, then they formed their formations, ready to meet the enemy’s attack . But at this time, a drastic event happened .

 Chapter 768 Wave After Wave However, these two volleys didn t hit the Divine Race, instead, they clashed with the spear attacks that the Divine Race sent out . Upon hitting the spears, an explosion suddenly happened as both spear and javelin disappeared in mid air . Aiken didn t stop there, upon seeing this, he immediately commanded, Shoot all ten javelins Then he swung his arms continuously as he threw javelin upon javelin towards the opposing army . After emptying their ammo, Aiken commanded, Retreat Then without any hesitation, he turned his horse around and escaped . On the other hand, upon releasing their first attack, the Divine Race thought that they would get into close combat with Aiken s troop . They had already seen that Aiken and the others were only 9th rank, therefore, their attack shouldn t have been able to penetrate their Domain . But they didn t expect that Aiken s side would only throw two javelins each in order to eliminate the attack that the Divine Race had sent out . Then just as the Divine Race were stunned, Aiken s next attacks came in . A wave of ten consecutive volleys were currently facing the Divine Race . The Divine Race was already aware that the Ark Continent would use blood lightning beads . Because of this, they quickly established their Domains in order to defend themselves . However, they weren t expecting that the attack of the enemies would be this severe . As they stared, the ten waves of javelins exploded . The first five waves eradicated their Domains, the latter five were for the Divine Race to take . One must say that the region taken up by 10 thousand Domains weren t small . If average people were to throw the javelins, it would be impossible for them to even touch the Divine Race . However, one shouldn t forget that Aiken and the others were 9th rank experts . 9th ranks used to be the strongest people in the Ark Continent . The javelins that they threw out could easily reach 1 kilometer away . Even if the Divine Race were God ranked, they still wouldn t be able to quickly dodge the javelins given how close the two parties were . Both sides were 200 meters apart and had attacked virtually the same time . It can be said that when the attacks happened, both were already quite close . Fortunately, Aiken s horses were very agile and were able to turn corners immediately, conveniently dodging the attacks from the Divine Race . When the Divine Race reacted, and sent people to pursue Aiken s troops, they were already too late to catch up . Thunder Yun didn t care too much about small engagements like these . In his opinion, a ten thousand man troop was pretty insignificant in front of a twenty million man army . Let along those troops being 9th ranks, he can just send out an army to swiftly kill them . However, he didn t think that this underestimation would make him suffer a loss . Of the ten thousand people he had sent out, nobody came back . Moreover, none of them were critically injured, not even corpses remained . All of them were directly vaporized by the blood lightning beads . Thunder Yun looked at where Aiken clashed with the ten thousand Divine Race infantry . He couldn t help but say, Fei er, send an order out . Tell them to make use of ranged attacks whenever they come in contact with the people from the Ark Continent . Don t make them go too near . Fei er nodded then relayed the orders . The faces of the Divine Race wasn t too good . They had just left the Radiant Empire in a great mood, but they had already lost ten thousand people . It can be said that losing people this early wasn t a good sign . At this moment, on the Divine Race s right side, another cavalry unit from the Ark Continent came out . This unit did the same, they were riding the same horses and had brought javelins . However, these people had received orders from Zhao Hai to fire at a safe distance before retreating immediately . Zhao Hai was aware that although Domains can attack at a long distance, it was impossible for it to reach one kilometer . On the other hand, 9th ranks can confidently throw javelins at this distance . Because of this, after seeing that Aiken had caused severe losses, he instructed the others to take it easy and attack at a safe range . This tactic was just like how mounted archers fought against infantry in the battlefield . They would pepper you with arrows in the distance and retreating when you decide to chase them . The Divine Race rarely encountered such a thing . In the past, when the Divine Race conquers a plane, they would just saturate the place with experts, overwhelming the local residence with strength . This would be even easier if the invaded plane didn t have any God ranks . Without any way to resist the Divine Race, the plane would fall quite soon . Before the Ark Continent, the Divine Race s hardest conquest was in God of Thunder s plane . To conquer the plane, the Divine Race had to expend a lot of resources . This was because there were a lot of God ranks in that plane . Moreover, their subordinates were also quite numerous . But even with this, they still managed to take control of the plane, despite the losses of several million lives . That was the most dangerous situation the Divine Race had faced . But even then, they hadn t experienced the same methods that Zhao Hai used . It was obvious that the Ark Continent didn t have any God rank divisions . One can say that there were only very few God ranks among the Ark Continent s residents . But the strange thing was, despite having low amounts of God ranks, the continent was still able to produce blood lightning beads in a quantity enough to threaten the Divine Race s God ranks . Although there were a lot of God ranks among the Divine Race, it would still be impossible for them to have an endless supply of blood lightning beads like the Ark Continent . In fact, blood lightning beads weren t conventional weapons in the Divine Realm . This was because the method of making these beads was very troublesome . If a God rank made one, the damage on their vitality would be enormous . Because of this, it would be impossible for the Divine Race to use blood lightning beads the same way as Zhao Hai had . But nobody could blame the Divine Race, even they wouldn t have expected Zhao Hai to have an ultimate weapon such as the Space . It can be said that the blood lightning beads were just an amalgamation of two energies, of which the Space had unlimited amounts of . Zhao Hai already had the Blood Pond for the blood of a God rank expert, at the same time, he also had the Dao lotus to provide the lightning element . These two allowed the Ark Continent to have an endless amount of blood lightning beads, making them a standard weapon for the Ark Continent . After the cavalry unleashed their 12 javelins, they immediately retreated . Even if the Divine Race wanted to chase after them, they were still unable to do so . This time, the Divine Race lost 1000 men . This amount was still insignificant compared to the 20 million that were currently here . However, Thunder Yun didn t feel good about it . The current situation made him frown, the other party was starting to prove to be a headache . While Thunder Yun was thinking, another wave of attack came in . It was still the same javelin attack from a different cavalry unit . They were also firing from afar before retreating . They provided zero chance for a direct confrontation . The brows of Thunder Yun crunched up, he turned to Fei er and said, Fei er, transmit these orders . Have the quickest long ranged attackers stationed out front . Once the enemy comes, immediately attack them . We can t have these cavalry units continuously chip at our troops . Fei er nodded, then relayed the orders to the army . Before long, a disturbance happened in the army . The soldiers made way as groups of people bearing bows and arrows came forward . Not only were their attacks far reaching, they were also quick in moving around . Just as the changes in the Divine Race s troops finished, the fourth wave of cavalry came in . Seeing them approaching, the Divine Race s archers immediately established their bow and arrow Domain . Naturally, they wanted to have the initiative and fire attacks towards the Ark Continent s cavalry . However, the Ark Continent s cavalry unit weren t fools . After seeing the Divine Race s actions, they immediately turned around and ran, abandoning their plan to attack . The archer units tried to pursue, but they just weren t fast enough . When they came back, the same cavalry unit went forward . This caused the archer unit to attack once more, only to find that they really couldn t catch up . This exchanged happened several times . Finally, the archer troop soldiers became enraged . This time, after seeing the enemy retreat, they didn t return to their army . Instead, they went forward and went all out in pursuing the enemy . Thunder Yun also saw the actions of the cavalry unit, he was quite enraged as well . The Ark Continent s actions were just too insulting . It was quite obvious that they weren t intending on fighting full on combat . They seem to be intent on chipping away at the Divine Race Army . Because of these actions, the archer troop couldn t help but pursue . Thunder Yun didn t prevent them . He wanted to see where these cavalry units retreat to . However, Thunder Yun was quick to regret his decision . Not long after the archer troop decided to pursue, they were suddenly surrounded by huge undead . Although they were huge and skeletal, the undead were fairly quick as well . They didn t follow the cavalry units, instead, they faced the archer troop . This made the archers stop, then they formed their formations, ready to meet the enemy s attack . But at this time, a drastic event happened .





* * *





Chapter 769 – Completely Empty

Just as the Divine Race was done with their formation, the undead opened their mouths as a sudden burst of blue and red rays came out . These rays were shot directly into the formation of the Divine Race . Upon getting hit, the archers couldn’t help but be scrunched up with each other . One by one, dead bodies started to fall down . But something strange happened, those dead bodies disappeared as they fell down . Before long, the archer troops were being one sidedly slaughtered .

Thunder Yun quietly looked at the battle . The Ark Continent’s move was done beautifully . The ambush was not too far nor was it too close . It was just at the point that the Divine Race was able to see them but not too close for them to catch up . The action was just like a demonstration of the continent’s methods .

Thunder Yun was actually not enraged, he just calmly looked at what happened . To be honest, after the succeeding attacks, Thunder Yun understood what the Ark Continent was doing . They probably wanted to delay their advance as much as possible, thus the constant small attacks on the Divine Race army .

In his past wars, Thunder Yun had also encountered similar situations . But the lethality of the Ark Continent far surpassed those in the past . The attacks of the Ark Continent’s residents can actually cause casualties numbering from a hundred to over a thousand .

These scattered attacks might not look eye-catching . But it was actually a huge blow to the power and efficiency of the Divine Race army .

Thunder Yun might be calm, but his internal thoughts weren’t . The Ark Continent’s poking was truly different than the ones he encountered before . Although they were only attacked four times, they had already lost more than 10 thousand people . This might look small, but in the long run, this number would continually increase .





Moreover, those attacking them made Thunder Yun worry . Most importantly, Thunder Yun and the others weren’t actually aware of the true strength of the Ark Continent . There were two points of interest in what Thunder Yun just witnessed .

First was their mounts . Thunder Yun was a veteran in the battlefield, so he was clear about how strong 9th ranks were . It would be impossible for 9th rank experts to be that quick . The only explanation was their mount . Moreover, it seems like these mounts were something that had never been seen in the Ark Continent before .

The second were their cannons . Thunder Yun had already heard about the continent’s magic cannons . At that time, he didn’t really take it to heart . He knew how strong the magic cannons could be . Not to mention, the magic cannons of the Divine Race, even if they were meticulously made, were still quite weak in Thunder Yun’s eyes . Because of this, he really didn’t think too much about them .

But in this war, Thunder Yun’s knowledge had actually been overturned . He didn’t think that a common magic cannon in the Ark Continent would have this much might . This actually made him surprised .

Thunder Yun cannot just leave his people be slaughtered in front of him . He immediately sent people out to assist . But when they arrived at the site, the cavalry and undead had already retreated . Nobody was left .

Thunder Yun wasn’t very happy with this battle . He had just sent out 10 thousand troops, but when they returned, only about four thousand returned . This meant that the people of the Ark Continent had killed more than 5,000 people . This casualty wasn’t very small .

Thunder Yun frowned as he massaged his head . If they couldn’t deal with these attacks, then the 20 million man army wouldn’t be able to survive . They haven’t even gone far into the Buddha Empire, but they already lost 20 thousand people . Although it wasn’t relatively significant compared to the 20 million, one shouldn’ forget that all of these losses were incurred in just one day .

After some time, Thunder Yun turned to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, what do you think we need to do?”





After some time, Thunder Yun turned to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, what do you think we need to do?”

Fei’er’s deep voice answered, “Master, we truly haven’t encountered this situation before . Although the Ark Continent’s people have powerful weapons, this is the extent of what they can do . ”

Thunder Yun smiled and said, “Good . Give the order to march . If they want to play around, then we’ll just hammer on . Swiftly take their homes . And once they decide to go all out, we’ll wipe them out in one go . ”

Fei’er nodded and then spread the order as the army sped up their advance . However, it was a pity that their advance couldn’t become so fast . After all, this was a 20 million man army . If they wanted to speed up, it would be very hard for them to keep their formation .

If they want to maintain their formation, then they would have to carefully advance . But if they don’t, they will become separated groups, making it easy for the Ark Continent’s forces to poke them .

This was hard to deal with, and Thunder Yun knew that there was no solution . He only hoped then they would find the Ark Continent’s camp soon, then they would take their revenge .

The Radiant Empire wasn’t very far from Upper Bank City . If one were to fly fast, they would reach it in half a day . However, since Thunder Yun’s army was advancing, their march was slow . When they came to the city, it was already the afternoon two days later .

Thunder Yun knew that they cannot camp outside for too long . They weren’t in the Radiant Empire, where there were magic cannons protecting them . Here, in the Buddha Empire, they had nothing in terms of defense . If they decide to make camp, they would certainly be under attack by the Ark Continent’s cavalry units, and their casualties would only increase .





Thunder Yun knew that they cannot camp outside for too long . They weren’t in the Radiant Empire, where there were magic cannons protecting them . Here, in the Buddha Empire, they had nothing in terms of defense . If they decide to make camp, they would certainly be under attack by the Ark Continent’s cavalry units, and their casualties would only increase .

Because of this, they needed to reach Upper Bank city as soon as possible . When the army saw the city, their advance became quicker, they wanted to be behind the walls of a city as soon as possible .

However, Upper Bank city actually gave them a scare . Nobody was actually in it, it was completely empty, not even one mouse can be seen .

When Thunder Yun saw this, his expression couldn’t help but sink . He was already aware of Zhao Hai’s plan . Zhao Hai wanted to use the entire Buddha Empire to hamper the advancing armies in every step they take . From the moment they left up until now, the Divine Race army had already suffered 24 different attacks from the Ark Continent’s cavalry units . By now, the Divine Race’s losses has reached more than 30 thousand .

They had already lost 30 thousand troops but they were yet to touch even the hair of the enemy . This fact made Thunder Yun’s face ugly . Originally, he thought that the enemy would be in Upper Bank City and would fight with them when the army arrive . This way, the Divine Race would be able to let out a breath of relief .

Who would’ve thought that the enemy would never give them the opportunity to blow off steam . Thunder Yun looked at the empty city and breathed out a cold air . Just by seeing how swift the other party was, Thunder Yun could understand that they were formidable enemies .

Naturally, the Divine Race also had divine sense . Thunder Yun had repeatedly scanned the surrounding area, looking for something . Not only was the layout of the city good, even the area outside had criss crossing tunnels . This showed how important Zhao Hai regarded this city .

However, as soon as the Divine Race army came, they actually abandoned it . Such a move was something that ordinary people wouldn’t be able to do .

Actually, Thunder Yun was misinformed about the situation with the Ark Continent’s commoners . Except for the army, there were no commoners left in the Buddha Empire . This way, Zhao Hai had more flexibility in making his plans, just like abandoning a city . Since there were no civilians inside, then why would he go and defend it?



However, as soon as the Divine Race army came, they actually abandoned it . Such a move was something that ordinary people wouldn’t be able to do .

Actually, Thunder Yun was misinformed about the situation with the Ark Continent’s commoners . Except for the army, there were no commoners left in the Buddha Empire . This way, Zhao Hai had more flexibility in making his plans, just like abandoning a city . Since there were no civilians inside, then why would he go and defend it?

Thunder Yun didn’t know about this, so he was quite surprised when he saw the empty city . But after his initial surprise, his expression turned ugly . He knew that if he cannot eradicate the enemy camp, the sneak attacks wouldn’t stop . Whether it be day or night, the army wouldn’t have a single moment of peace .

Everyone looked at the city and didn’t know what to do next . All of them were very eager to rush into the city and kill all those cavalry units that were poking them . However, they found nobody, increasing the frustration that they currently felt .

After looking at the state of the city, Thunder Yun said with clenched teeth, “Enter the city and take a rest . Tomorrow we’ll charge through to the Ark Continent . I don’t believe those cavalry units would abandon the entire Buddha Empire . Also, arrange for night guards and patrols . ”

Those who heard him gave a nod before arranging everything . However, the people that Thunder Yun had brought over were too many, they simply were unable to fit inside the city . Because of this, some of them can only stay outside . They made some houses with earth element magic and settled inside .

What made the Divine Race feel strange was the fact that since they entered the city, the attacks actually stopped .

But since the prior attacks gave them a headache, they still chose to continue being on alert . The army had sent forth 1 million troops in order to patrol the surrounding areas .

Bit by bit, the skies turned dark . Most of the Divine Race soldiers had already taken their rest . Although it wouldn’t be a problem for them to stay awake for several days, Thunder Yun was also aware of the effects towards their performance if they didn’t rest . When facing a sly enemy like the Ark Continent’s people, the Divine Race army would need as much rest as possible . Otherwise, they would just be courting death and humiliation .

 Chapter 769 Completely Empty Just as the Divine Race was done with their formation, the undead opened their mouths as a sudden burst of blue and red rays came out . These rays were shot directly into the formation of the Divine Race . Upon getting hit, the archers couldn t help but be scrunched up with each other . One by one, dead bodies started to fall down . But something strange happened, those dead bodies disappeared as they fell down . Before long, the archer troops were being one sidedly slaughtered . Thunder Yun quietly looked at the battle . The Ark Continent s move was done beautifully . The ambush was not too far nor was it too close . It was just at the point that the Divine Race was able to see them but not too close for them to catch up . The action was just like a demonstration of the continent s methods . Thunder Yun was actually not enraged, he just calmly looked at what happened . To be honest, after the succeeding attacks, Thunder Yun understood what the Ark Continent was doing . They probably wanted to delay their advance as much as possible, thus the constant small attacks on the Divine Race army . In his past wars, Thunder Yun had also encountered similar situations . But the lethality of the Ark Continent far surpassed those in the past . The attacks of the Ark Continent s residents can actually cause casualties numbering from a hundred to over a thousand . These scattered attacks might not look eye catching . But it was actually a huge blow to the power and efficiency of the Divine Race army . Thunder Yun might be calm, but his internal thoughts weren t . The Ark Continent s poking was truly different than the ones he encountered before . Although they were only attacked four times, they had already lost more than 10 thousand people . This might look small, but in the long run, this number would continually increase . Moreover, those attacking them made Thunder Yun worry . Most importantly, Thunder Yun and the others weren t actually aware of the true strength of the Ark Continent . There were two points of interest in what Thunder Yun just witnessed . First was their mounts . Thunder Yun was a veteran in the battlefield, so he was clear about how strong 9th ranks were . It would be impossible for 9th rank experts to be that quick . The only explanation was their mount . Moreover, it seems like these mounts were something that had never been seen in the Ark Continent before . The second were their cannons . Thunder Yun had already heard about the continent s magic cannons . At that time, he didn t really take it to heart . He knew how strong the magic cannons could be . Not to mention, the magic cannons of the Divine Race, even if they were meticulously made, were still quite weak in Thunder Yun s eyes . Because of this, he really didn t think too much about them . But in this war, Thunder Yun s knowledge had actually been overturned . He didn t think that a common magic cannon in the Ark Continent would have this much might . This actually made him surprised . Thunder Yun cannot just leave his people be slaughtered in front of him . He immediately sent people out to assist . But when they arrived at the site, the cavalry and undead had already retreated . Nobody was left . Thunder Yun wasn t very happy with this battle . He had just sent out 10 thousand troops, but when they returned, only about four thousand returned . This meant that the people of the Ark Continent had killed more than 5,000 people . This casualty wasn t very small . Thunder Yun frowned as he massaged his head . If they couldn t deal with these attacks, then the 20 million man army wouldn t be able to survive . They haven t even gone far into the Buddha Empire, but they already lost 20 thousand people . Although it wasn t relatively significant compared to the 20 million, one shouldn forget that all of these losses were incurred in just one day . After some time, Thunder Yun turned to Fei er and said, Fei er, what do you think we need to do Fei er s deep voice answered, Master, we truly haven t encountered this situation before . Although the Ark Continent s people have powerful weapons, this is the extent of what they can do . Thunder Yun smiled and said, Good . Give the order to march . If they want to play around, then we ll just hammer on . Swiftly take their homes . And once they decide to go all out, we ll wipe them out in one go . Fei er nodded and then spread the order as the army sped up their advance . However, it was a pity that their advance couldn t become so fast . After all, this was a 20 million man army . If they wanted to speed up, it would be very hard for them to keep their formation . If they want to maintain their formation, then they would have to carefully advance . But if they don t, they will become separated groups, making it easy for the Ark Continent s forces to poke them . This was hard to deal with, and Thunder Yun knew that there was no solution . He only hoped then they would find the Ark Continent s camp soon, then they would take their revenge . The Radiant Empire wasn t very far from Upper Bank City . If one were to fly fast, they would reach it in half a day . However, since Thunder Yun s army was advancing, their march was slow . When they came to the city, it was already the afternoon two days later . Thunder Yun knew that they cannot camp outside for too long . They weren t in the Radiant Empire, where there were magic cannons protecting them . Here, in the Buddha Empire, they had nothing in terms of defense . If they decide to make camp, they would certainly be under attack by the Ark Continent s cavalry units, and their casualties would only increase . Because of this, they needed to reach Upper Bank city as soon as possible . When the army saw the city, their advance became quicker, they wanted to be behind the walls of a city as soon as possible . However, Upper Bank city actually gave them a scare . Nobody was actually in it, it was completely empty, not even one mouse can be seen . When Thunder Yun saw this, his expression couldn t help but sink . He was already aware of Zhao Hai s plan . Zhao Hai wanted to use the entire Buddha Empire to hamper the advancing armies in every step they take . From the moment they left up until now, the Divine Race army had already suffered 24 different attacks from the Ark Continent s cavalry units . By now, the Divine Race s losses has reached more than 30 thousand . They had already lost 30 thousand troops but they were yet to touch even the hair of the enemy . This fact made Thunder Yun s face ugly . Originally, he thought that the enemy would be in Upper Bank City and would fight with them when the army arrive . This way, the Divine Race would be able to let out a breath of relief . Who would ve thought that the enemy would never give them the opportunity to blow off steam . Thunder Yun looked at the empty city and breathed out a cold air . Just by seeing how swift the other party was, Thunder Yun could understand that they were formidable enemies . Naturally, the Divine Race also had divine sense . Thunder Yun had repeatedly scanned the surrounding area, looking for something . Not only was the layout of the city good, even the area outside had criss crossing tunnels . This showed how important Zhao Hai regarded this city . However, as soon as the Divine Race army came, they actually abandoned it . Such a move was something that ordinary people wouldn t be able to do . Actually, Thunder Yun was misinformed about the situation with the Ark Continent s commoners . Except for the army, there were no commoners left in the Buddha Empire . This way, Zhao Hai had more flexibility in making his plans, just like abandoning a city . Since there were no civilians inside, then why would he go and defend it Thunder Yun didn t know about this, so he was quite surprised when he saw the empty city . But after his initial surprise, his expression turned ugly . He knew that if he cannot eradicate the enemy camp, the sneak attacks wouldn t stop . Whether it be day or night, the army wouldn t have a single moment of peace . Everyone looked at the city and didn t know what to do next . All of them were very eager to rush into the city and kill all those cavalry units that were poking them . However, they found nobody, increasing the frustration that they currently felt . After looking at the state of the city, Thunder Yun said with clenched teeth, Enter the city and take a rest . Tomorrow we ll charge through to the Ark Continent . I don t believe those cavalry units would abandon the entire Buddha Empire . Also, arrange for night guards and patrols . Those who heard him gave a nod before arranging everything . However, the people that Thunder Yun had brought over were too many, they simply were unable to fit inside the city . Because of this, some of them can only stay outside . They made some houses with earth element magic and settled inside . What made the Divine Race feel strange was the fact that since they entered the city, the attacks actually stopped . But since the prior attacks gave them a headache, they still chose to continue being on alert . The army had sent forth 1 million troops in order to patrol the surrounding areas . Bit by bit, the skies turned dark . Most of the Divine Race soldiers had already taken their rest . Although it wouldn t be a problem for them to stay awake for several days, Thunder Yun was also aware of the effects towards their performance if they didn t rest . When facing a sly enemy like the Ark Continent s people, the Divine Race army would need as much rest as possible . Otherwise, they would just be courting death and humiliation .





* * *





Chapter 770 – Zhao Wen Returns

Although it was already dark, the Divine Race were yet to experience an attack . However, Thunder Yun’s heart was still restless . He didn’t believe that the enemy would just do nothing . Seeing how they acted, it would be foolish for them to let go of this opportunity .

However, it was already dark, and the alarms outside were yet to sound out . Nothing came . What was the enemy doing?

If Zhao Hai was still harassing Thunder Yun’s army during the day, then Thunder Yun might not have been worried . After all, there was nothing notable about Zhao Hai’s tactics .

Now that Zhao Hai stopped, Thunder Yun couldn’t help but worry . Not understanding what the other party would do, plunging yourself in doubt was something that was dangerous to do .

Then suddenly, Thunder Yun became startled, he could hear a faint humming sound . In this silent night, the noise was quite distinct . Thunder Yun sat upright and concentrated on his ears . From what he can deduce, it was a sound of a mosquito . Mosquitoes, in majority of planes that he’d been in, were not very terrifying creatures, one could just kill them without even thinking about it . After being certain that it was a mosquito, Thunder Yun stopped caring about it and just continued sleeping .

However, this humming noise got louder and louder . Thunder Yun couldn’t help but sit still once more . He stood and loudly shouted, “Fei’er, what’s going on? Why are there so many mosquitoes in this city . Go and take a look . ”

Fei’er, who was resting just outside Thunder Yun’s room, immediately stood up upon hearing his superior . Then he promptly went outside to take a look .





And just as Fei’er opened the door, he couldn’t help but breath in cold air . He was a God rank expert, but this was the first time that he witnessed the current situation .

In the skies above the city were large clumps of dark clouds . These groups of clouds were massive . Moreover, their shapes kept changing . What made him surprised was the fact that the sounds of humming were actually coming from these clouds .

Fei’er’s body immediately flew up towards the dark clouds . But when he was a hundred meters away, he stopped . He felt the hairs on his back stand up, the dark clouds were actually groups of mosquitoes, countless amounts of mosquitoes .

This was the first time that Fei’er had seen this many mosquitoes . And the most fearful thing about these mosquitoes was their size, they were too big . Each of these mosquitoes were the size of a human palm . Their bloody red color made those looking at them feel numb .

Most important of all, Fei’er recognized these mosquitoes . They were blood devouring mosquitoes, Divine Realm’s blood devouring mosquitoes . Even in the Divine Realm, these mosquitoes were fearful creatures . Naturally, a couple of mosquitoes weren’t a threat . But large clumps of them were a definite disaster in the Divine Realm .

Fei’er slowly retreated, afraid that he would agitate the mosquitoes . Because he was too scared of the mosquitoes, Fei’er wasn’t able to spot the spatial rift right in the middle of the clumps . The blood devouring mosquitoes were going out of this spatial rift in large quantities, further increasing the dark clumps in the skies .

When Fei’er was about a kilometer away from the mosquitoes, he immediately flew towards the city lord’s mansion . Thunder Yun was currently using the mansion as his personal quarters .

Thunder Yun was already up by now, standing outside looking at the sky . His face was drained of color as Fei’er gave his report, “Master, its the disaster mosquitoes . Everyone, wake up! Dangerous mosquitoes are coming!”

After hearing the two words, disaster mosquito, Thunder Yun’s face paled . He immediately turned to the sentries and bellowed, “Sound the alarm, quick!” Fei’er and the others immediately went towards the walls where the alarms were and sounded it with anxiety .





After hearing the two words, disaster mosquito, Thunder Yun’s face paled . He immediately turned to the sentries and bellowed, “Sound the alarm, quick!” Fei’er and the others immediately went towards the walls where the alarms were and sounded it with anxiety .

Dang, dang, dang . The sound permeated all throughout the Divine Race army . The soldiers immediately woke up and wore their armors as they went out of their residences . At this time, light mages simultaneously illuminated the skies of the city .

It didn’t take long before the army witnessed the large clump of blood devouring mosquitoes . All of the blood on their faces quickly receded .

Blood devouring mosquitoes were completely troublesome magic beasts in the Divine Realm . They didn’t expect that they would see these creatures in the Ark Continent, they couldn’t help but get scared .

At this moment, as though under command, the clump of blood devouring mosquitoes dispersed . Then all of the mosquitoes started to flood the city and its surroundings . The Divine Race couldn’t help but change their expressions upon seeing the incoming attack . They immediately established their Domains, hoping to block the attack of the blood devouring mosquitoes .

However, there were just too many mosquitoes, nobody can estimate how much . Just as the first wave were eliminated, the second wave replaced them and continued the attack .

These blood devouring mosquitoes seem to target certain people . There were some who only had few mosquitoes going after them while some were completely flooded . After some time, the overwhelmed soldiers found their Domains slowly crumbling .

As large amounts of mosquitoes hammer the Domains, the Divine Race soldiers couldn’t help but go pale . They immediately sent more energy to their Domains . They knew that once their Domains crumbled, the only fate waiting for them would be death!

Thunder Yun’s expression was quite ugly after seeing the mosquitoes . This quantity of blood devouring mosquitoes couldn’t be seen even in the Divine Realm . If these were to appear there, then they would surely be classified as a disaster .





Thunder Yun’s expression was quite ugly after seeing the mosquitoes . This quantity of blood devouring mosquitoes couldn’t be seen even in the Divine Realm . If these were to appear there, then they would surely be classified as a disaster .

Whether inside the city or outside, everybody was doing their best to kill the mosquitoes . The war between insect and people continued to wage on .

At this time, Zhao Hai was calmly sitting inside the Space while spectating the situation . Naturally, these mosquitoes were released by him . He had actually forgotten about the Space’s mosquitoes . Only when Zhao Wen returned after reaching God rank did Zhao Hai remember .

Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t expect Zhao Wen to get promoted this early . She was one of the bottom in terms of power among the carrions swamp’s beasts . The other 9th rank beasts have been cultivating for much longer than she did .

When Cai’er informed him that Zhao Wen had become 9th rank, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be surprised .

As Zhao Hai summoned Zhao Wen back to the Space, he saw that nothing changed too much from Zhao Wen’s appearance . However, her strength had indeed reached God rank . This made Zhao Hai puzzled, as for Zhao Wen, she also said that she wasn’t very clear about it .

In the end, Zhao Hai reckoned that it might be because of the drop of blood that Zhao Wen drank . In the past, he deduced that the blood that Zhao Wen had drank might have come from the Divine Race . And since the blood contained great energy, Zhao Wen managed to reach 9th rank .

At the same time, upon taking Zhao Wen into the Space, she also gained benefits from its environment . Zhao Wen was the one who stayed in the Space the longest among the carrion swamp’s magic beasts .

With the Space’s environment and the blood of a God rank expert, not only could Zhao Wen reach 9th rank, she would only need time in order to get promoted to God rank .

Among the magic beasts of the carrion swamp, Zhao Wen was the closest one to Zhao Hai . She didn’t want to leave the Space, but for Zhao Hai, she decided to settle her heart and leave along with the other beasts . She wanted to return to Zhao Hai’s side as soon as possible . She wasn’t stupid, and she knew that as long as one becomes God rank, they would be able to go and stay by Zhao Hai . Therefore, she eagerly cultivated outside . Because of her persistence, she succeeded and became the first God rank among the magic beasts in the Carrion Swamp .



With the Space’s environment and the blood of a God rank expert, not only could Zhao Wen reach 9th rank, she would only need time in order to get promoted to God rank .

Among the magic beasts of the carrion swamp, Zhao Wen was the closest one to Zhao Hai . She didn’t want to leave the Space, but for Zhao Hai, she decided to settle her heart and leave along with the other beasts . She wanted to return to Zhao Hai’s side as soon as possible . She wasn’t stupid, and she knew that as long as one becomes God rank, they would be able to go and stay by Zhao Hai . Therefore, she eagerly cultivated outside . Because of her persistence, she succeeded and became the first God rank among the magic beasts in the Carrion Swamp .

Sure enough, as soon as she broke through God rank, Cai’er immediately invited her back to the Space . If others were to be promoted, they might not have been able to do this . However, Zhao Wen wasn’t the same as the others, because of her relationship with Zhao Hai, she was immediately picked up and sent to the Space .

As Zhao Wen came back, Zhao Hai suddenly remembered a weapon that he had not used, the blood devouring mosquitoes . The Space can release an uncountable amount of them, it was a pity that they haven’t been used lately .

In the past, Zhao Hai was not able to use the blood devouring mosquitoes because he was fighting with the people in the Ark Continent . There really wasn’t any need, the undead were enough . After using them in the Prairie, the blood devouring mosquitoes haven’t been used later on .

However, they were now fighting the Divine Race, and the undead were proving to be insufficient against them . So when Zhao Hai saw Zhao Wen he immediately thought about the blood devouring mosquitoes . But he didn’t immediately make a move, he waited until night before launching an attack .

Zhao Hai was also unaware about how much mosquitoes he had sent out . He just knew that they were several times more than the Divine Race army . These blood devouring mosquitoes weren’t high ranked, and their attacks were weak . So even if they outnumber the Divine Race, they were still unable to completely wipe them out .

However, what confused Zhao Hai was the fact that when he released the blood devouring mosquitoes, the Divine Race actually identified them .

In Zhao Hai’s mind, the Divine Race shouldn’t be familiar with these mosquitoes . But after seeing their expressions, it seems like they were quite afraid of them .

 Chapter 770 Zhao Wen Returns Although it was already dark, the Divine Race were yet to experience an attack . However, Thunder Yun s heart was still restless . He didn t believe that the enemy would just do nothing . Seeing how they acted, it would be foolish for them to let go of this opportunity . However, it was already dark, and the alarms outside were yet to sound out . Nothing came . What was the enemy doing If Zhao Hai was still harassing Thunder Yun s army during the day, then Thunder Yun might not have been worried . After all, there was nothing notable about Zhao Hai s tactics . Now that Zhao Hai stopped, Thunder Yun couldn t help but worry . Not understanding what the other party would do, plunging yourself in doubt was something that was dangerous to do . Then suddenly, Thunder Yun became startled, he could hear a faint humming sound . In this silent night, the noise was quite distinct . Thunder Yun sat upright and concentrated on his ears . From what he can deduce, it was a sound of a mosquito . Mosquitoes, in majority of planes that he d been in, were not very terrifying creatures, one could just kill them without even thinking about it . After being certain that it was a mosquito, Thunder Yun stopped caring about it and just continued sleeping . However, this humming noise got louder and louder . Thunder Yun couldn t help but sit still once more . He stood and loudly shouted, Fei er, what s going on Why are there so many mosquitoes in this city . Go and take a look . Fei er, who was resting just outside Thunder Yun s room, immediately stood up upon hearing his superior . Then he promptly went outside to take a look . And just as Fei er opened the door, he couldn t help but breath in cold air . He was a God rank expert, but this was the first time that he witnessed the current situation . In the skies above the city were large clumps of dark clouds . These groups of clouds were massive . Moreover, their shapes kept changing . What made him surprised was the fact that the sounds of humming were actually coming from these clouds . Fei er s body immediately flew up towards the dark clouds . But when he was a hundred meters away, he stopped . He felt the hairs on his back stand up, the dark clouds were actually groups of mosquitoes, countless amounts of mosquitoes . This was the first time that Fei er had seen this many mosquitoes . And the most fearful thing about these mosquitoes was their size, they were too big . Each of these mosquitoes were the size of a human palm . Their bloody red color made those looking at them feel numb . Most important of all, Fei er recognized these mosquitoes . They were blood devouring mosquitoes, Divine Realm s blood devouring mosquitoes . Even in the Divine Realm, these mosquitoes were fearful creatures . Naturally, a couple of mosquitoes weren t a threat . But large clumps of them were a definite disaster in the Divine Realm . Fei er slowly retreated, afraid that he would agitate the mosquitoes . Because he was too scared of the mosquitoes, Fei er wasn t able to spot the spatial rift right in the middle of the clumps . The blood devouring mosquitoes were going out of this spatial rift in large quantities, further increasing the dark clumps in the skies . When Fei er was about a kilometer away from the mosquitoes, he immediately flew towards the city lord s mansion . Thunder Yun was currently using the mansion as his personal quarters . Thunder Yun was already up by now, standing outside looking at the sky . His face was drained of color as Fei er gave his report, Master, its the disaster mosquitoes . Everyone, wake up Dangerous mosquitoes are coming After hearing the two words, disaster mosquito, Thunder Yun s face paled . He immediately turned to the sentries and bellowed, Sound the alarm, quick Fei er and the others immediately went towards the walls where the alarms were and sounded it with anxiety . Dang, dang, dang . The sound permeated all throughout the Divine Race army . The soldiers immediately woke up and wore their armors as they went out of their residences . At this time, light mages simultaneously illuminated the skies of the city . It didn t take long before the army witnessed the large clump of blood devouring mosquitoes . All of the blood on their faces quickly receded . Blood devouring mosquitoes were completely troublesome magic beasts in the Divine Realm . They didn t expect that they would see these creatures in the Ark Continent, they couldn t help but get scared . At this moment, as though under command, the clump of blood devouring mosquitoes dispersed . Then all of the mosquitoes started to flood the city and its surroundings . The Divine Race couldn t help but change their expressions upon seeing the incoming attack . They immediately established their Domains, hoping to block the attack of the blood devouring mosquitoes . However, there were just too many mosquitoes, nobody can estimate how much . Just as the first wave were eliminated, the second wave replaced them and continued the attack . These blood devouring mosquitoes seem to target certain people . There were some who only had few mosquitoes going after them while some were completely flooded . After some time, the overwhelmed soldiers found their Domains slowly crumbling . As large amounts of mosquitoes hammer the Domains, the Divine Race soldiers couldn t help but go pale . They immediately sent more energy to their Domains . They knew that once their Domains crumbled, the only fate waiting for them would be death Thunder Yun s expression was quite ugly after seeing the mosquitoes . This quantity of blood devouring mosquitoes couldn t be seen even in the Divine Realm . If these were to appear there, then they would surely be classified as a disaster . Whether inside the city or outside, everybody was doing their best to kill the mosquitoes . The war between insect and people continued to wage on . At this time, Zhao Hai was calmly sitting inside the Space while spectating the situation . Naturally, these mosquitoes were released by him . He had actually forgotten about the Space s mosquitoes . Only when Zhao Wen returned after reaching God rank did Zhao Hai remember . Actually, Zhao Hai didn t expect Zhao Wen to get promoted this early . She was one of the bottom in terms of power among the carrions swamp s beasts . The other 9th rank beasts have been cultivating for much longer than she did . When Cai er informed him that Zhao Wen had become 9th rank, Zhao Hai couldn t help but be surprised . As Zhao Hai summoned Zhao Wen back to the Space, he saw that nothing changed too much from Zhao Wen s appearance . However, her strength had indeed reached God rank . This made Zhao Hai puzzled, as for Zhao Wen, she also said that she wasn t very clear about it . In the end, Zhao Hai reckoned that it might be because of the drop of blood that Zhao Wen drank . In the past, he deduced that the blood that Zhao Wen had drank might have come from the Divine Race . And since the blood contained great energy, Zhao Wen managed to reach 9th rank . At the same time, upon taking Zhao Wen into the Space, she also gained benefits from its environment . Zhao Wen was the one who stayed in the Space the longest among the carrion swamp s magic beasts . With the Space s environment and the blood of a God rank expert, not only could Zhao Wen reach 9th rank, she would only need time in order to get promoted to God rank . Among the magic beasts of the carrion swamp, Zhao Wen was the closest one to Zhao Hai . She didn t want to leave the Space, but for Zhao Hai, she decided to settle her heart and leave along with the other beasts . She wanted to return to Zhao Hai s side as soon as possible . She wasn t stupid, and she knew that as long as one becomes God rank, they would be able to go and stay by Zhao Hai . Therefore, she eagerly cultivated outside . Because of her persistence, she succeeded and became the first God rank among the magic beasts in the Carrion Swamp . Sure enough, as soon as she broke through God rank, Cai er immediately invited her back to the Space . If others were to be promoted, they might not have been able to do this . However, Zhao Wen wasn t the same as the others, because of her relationship with Zhao Hai, she was immediately picked up and sent to the Space . As Zhao Wen came back, Zhao Hai suddenly remembered a weapon that he had not used, the blood devouring mosquitoes . The Space can release an uncountable amount of them, it was a pity that they haven t been used lately . In the past, Zhao Hai was not able to use the blood devouring mosquitoes because he was fighting with the people in the Ark Continent . There really wasn t any need, the undead were enough . After using them in the Prairie, the blood devouring mosquitoes haven t been used later on . However, they were now fighting the Divine Race, and the undead were proving to be insufficient against them . So when Zhao Hai saw Zhao Wen he immediately thought about the blood devouring mosquitoes . But he didn t immediately make a move, he waited until night before launching an attack . Zhao Hai was also unaware about how much mosquitoes he had sent out . He just knew that they were several times more than the Divine Race army . These blood devouring mosquitoes weren t high ranked, and their attacks were weak . So even if they outnumber the Divine Race, they were still unable to completely wipe them out . However, what confused Zhao Hai was the fact that when he released the blood devouring mosquitoes, the Divine Race actually identified them . In Zhao Hai s mind, the Divine Race shouldn t be familiar with these mosquitoes . But after seeing their expressions, it seems like they were quite afraid of them .





* * *





Chapter 771 – Blood Devouring Mosquitoes Levels Up

Zhao Wen was currently lying on Zhao Hai’s head, her small eyes looking at the monitor . Her body had changed after becoming God rank, her skin were now like crystals . As long as she lied motionless, it wouldn’t be strange if one were to assume that she was just a sculpture .

As Zhao Hai looked at the nervous Divine Race soldiers, he asked, “Little Wen, why are these soldiers very afraid of the blood devouring mosquitoes? Does you family have any connection to the Divine Realm?”

Zhao Wen shook her head and said, “Young Master, I had been in the Ark Continent the moment I was born . I don’t know anything about the Divine Realm . ”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The attacks of the blood devouring mosquitoes aren’t that weak, but most of the Divine Race soldiers should be able to endure . At the same time, the mosquitoes would disappear after getting killed 30 times . It seems like they won’t be a huge threat to the Divine Race . ”

Zhao Hai also learned just recently that there are also other ways to control the pests or mosquitoes aside from giving them a timed life . In this case, in future battles, the same mosquitoes will proceed to attack again and again until they are killed 30 times . The pests would be the same as well .

However, it was already astonishing . Thirty times, if each mosquito needed to be killed 30 times, what would that mean if there were 10 thousand? Ten thousand mosquitoes needed to be killed 300 thousand times . Then how about 100 thousand? A million? And the amount that Zhao Hai released today far surpassed a million . Remember, the Divine Race army numbered 20 million . If 20 million faced 1 million mosquitoes, then would they be afraid? No, Zhao Hai released more than 20 million blood devouring mosquitoes .

At this point, the blood devouring mosquitoes were flooding the skies in and around Upper Bank City . The Divine Race soldiers were also starting to get tired of keeping the mosquitoes off . Although nobody has yet to be injured, the mosquitoes were starting to get on their nerves .





Zhao Hai wasn’t idling right now . He was still in the Space ready to unleash another round of mosquitoes . After the current batch gets eliminated, he will release another .

Fantastic, Zhao Hai thought . He could only release mosquitoes once a Day . After using them, he wouldn’t be able to do so for another 24 hours . Moreover, the time to produce mosquitoes would only happen for six hours . Therefore, the attack can only happen before the daylight comes .

Although there were many limitations, Zhao Hai still thought that the mosquitoes were powerful weapons . Zhao Hai didn’t know how many mosquitoes the Space can release in six hours, but he knew that it would be very astonishing . During that time, the Divine Race would be in constant headache while dealing with the unending stream of blood devouring mosquitoes .

At this time, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but praise the strength of the Divine Race . Although a lot of mosquitoes were already killed, nobody from the Divine Race side had yet to die .

One must know that the mosquitoes needed to be killed thirty times before they disappear . Since casualties happened, then it meant that there were mosquitoes that have been killed for 30 times . It seems like the Divine Race really had skills .

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t disappointed, he knew that casualties among the Divine Race were soon to pile up . Finally, a Divine Race soldier had their Domain broken through . Once the defense collapse, the blood devouring mosquitoes immediately threw themselves towards the vulnerable target . The Divine Race soldier went behind a protective shield, but it was useless . The mosquitoes broke through the shield and latched themselves to the soldier’s body . It didn’t take too long before a pitiful yell came from the soldier .

Zhao Hai stopped the mosquitoes from sucking the soldier dry . He was afraid that the lack of blood would stop him from turning the dead soldier into undead .

After being killed by the mosquitoes, Zhao Hai would immediately take the soldier’s corpse into the Space, then turn him into an undead .

It was at this point that Zhao Hai became surprised, just as the mosquitoes bit into the Divine Race soldier, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, “Space’s mosquito pests has absorbed blood of a powerful being . Blood devouring mosquito shall evolve . Mosquitoes promoted to 6th ranks . Every 24 hours, Host can release mosquitoes for seven hours . Mosquitoes can stay outside for ten days or after dying 40 times . ”





It was at this point that Zhao Hai became surprised, just as the mosquitoes bit into the Divine Race soldier, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, “Space’s mosquito pests has absorbed blood of a powerful being . Blood devouring mosquito shall evolve . Mosquitoes promoted to 6th ranks . Every 24 hours, Host can release mosquitoes for seven hours . Mosquitoes can stay outside for ten days or after dying 40 times . ”

Zhao Hai stared, then happiness immediately burst out from inside him . He didn’t think that the mosquitoes would level up like this . In other words, once the mosquitoes suck the blood of a powerful being, then they would level up . This was an extremely priceless piece of information .

Although the mosquitoes were only promoted to 6th rank, one shouldn’t forget that their might came from their absurd numbers . Moreover, the life force of the mosquitoes was very strong . Killing them wouldn’t be so easy .

A God rank expert might be fierce, but if they were flooded by tens of thousands of 6th rank beasts, then even they would fall eventually .

While the Divine Race were dealing with the mosquitoes, Zhao Hai was starting to turn his attention to another thing . After the mosquitoes get used up, he would have the cavalry units take over, launching attacks towards Upper Bank City as well as its surroundings .

At this time, Lizzy and Megan were actually handling another matter . They were going to attack the second group of Divine Race soldiers .

The Divine Race’s attack was divided into two parts . The first part was Thunder Yun’s center army, in charge of charging right through the city . Although they couldn’t eliminate Zhao Hai, they would make sure that he wouldn’t be able to help the other places . The second part of the attack were the heavy and light cavalry units, who were supposed to sweep the other Buddha Empire cities .

The heavy and light cavalries took of two hours after the center army left . This was done so that Zhao Hai would focus on Thunder Yun and his army .

However, they didn’t know that Zhao Hai was already aware of their movements . When the light and heavy cavalry units set out, Zhao Hai’s side was already prepared .





However, they didn’t know that Zhao Hai was already aware of their movements . When the light and heavy cavalry units set out, Zhao Hai’s side was already prepared .

Zhao Hai didn’t have the capacity to deal with the two cavalries while he was dealing with Thunder Yun . Because of this, Zhao Hai handed the undead over in order to deal with the light and heavy cavalries . This way, he would be able to gain more undead while crippling two arms of the Divine Race army .

Lizzy and Megan were in charge of this matter . Since the light and heavy cavalries weren’t working together, they divided into two armies, one on the left and one on the right, as they went on and charge towards the heart of the Buddha Empire .

It would be impossible for Zhao Hai to take advantage of this opportunity . Although the heavy and light cavalries weren’t members of the Divine Race, their combat prowess wasn’t weak . Also, since they have been enslaved for too long, it would be impossible to turn them against the Divine Race . At this point, Zhao Hai’s only choice was to make them into his undead .

Once the heavy cavalry units become undead, all of them would reach 9th rank . When that time comes, their innate strength shouldn’t be any less than a God-rank expert .

The winged pegasus cavalry couldn’t be underestimated as well . Because of this, Zhao hai prepared to deal with the heavy cavalry first before going to attack the light cavalry units . After these two sides were dealt with, then Zhao Hai would proceed to slowly grind down Thunder Yun’s army .

At this point, Zhao Hai was tied up with Thunder Yun . So Megan and Lizzy were the ones preparing to deal with the heavy cavalry unit .

Although the heavy cavalry units were strong, they were still inferior to the Zhao Hai’s undead . One shouldn’t forget that Zhao Hai had undead beastmen cavalries . And since all of them were at least 9th rank, they weren’t very weak . They should be able to easily deal with the heavy cavalry units .

Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about Lizzy and Megan . With their talent and experience, they shouldn’t have any problems in defeating the two enemy cavalry armies . What Zhao Hai needed to do right now was cause as much headache to Thunder Yun as possible .

Besides these matters, Zhao Hai also needed to consider the Demon Race . Since Zhao Hai had changed his strategy, holding Rising Sun City wasn’t as important as in the past . However, there were still a large amount of people in Rising Sun City, preparing to delay the Demon Race’s advance by making them think that Zhao Hai wasn’t entangled with the Divine Race .



Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about Lizzy and Megan . With their talent and experience, they shouldn’t have any problems in defeating the two enemy cavalry armies . What Zhao Hai needed to do right now was cause as much headache to Thunder Yun as possible .

Besides these matters, Zhao Hai also needed to consider the Demon Race . Since Zhao Hai had changed his strategy, holding Rising Sun City wasn’t as important as in the past . However, there were still a large amount of people in Rising Sun City, preparing to delay the Demon Race’s advance by making them think that Zhao Hai wasn’t entangled with the Divine Race .

However, Zhao Hai also knew that they couldn’t hide this matter for several days . The Demons would certainly get news about the state of the Divine Race . When that time comes, they will immediately join the stage .

It was ideal for Zhao Hai if the Demons stayed put . This way, he would have sufficient manpower to use in dealing with the Divine Race . He needed some more time to damage the Divine Race’s army .

What Zhao Hai needed was time . He wasn’t afraid of fighting two battles at the same time . After adjusting their tactic, it didn’t matter whether the enemy was from the Divine Race or the Demons, it would work on both side . However, Zhao Hai would still need time in order to deal some damage on one side before the other started to move .

In the current Upper Bank City, the fight between the Divine Race soldiers and blood devouring mosquitoes was still going on . However, the Ark Continent’s cavalry had already arrived . They should have been attacking the Divine Race the whole afternoon and into the evening . But since the blood devouring mosquitoes were present, Zhao Hai gave them an order to take a rest . After they rested, they immediately came over to the city and prepare for another wave of attacks .

This time, Zhao Hai prepared a lot of troops to annoy the Divine Race . There were two million people including Humans, Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves .

Although these 2 million couldn’t compare to the 20 million Divine Race soldiers, they were already quite large for an army who would be doing guerilla tactics . Once this army attacks the Divine Race from day to night, and then have the blood devouring mosquitoes take over, the Divine Race would soon lose their hair in frustration .

 Chapter 771 Blood Devouring Mosquitoes Levels Up Zhao Wen was currently lying on Zhao Hai s head, her small eyes looking at the monitor . Her body had changed after becoming God rank, her skin were now like crystals . As long as she lied motionless, it wouldn t be strange if one were to assume that she was just a sculpture . As Zhao Hai looked at the nervous Divine Race soldiers, he asked, Little Wen, why are these soldiers very afraid of the blood devouring mosquitoes Does you family have any connection to the Divine Realm Zhao Wen shook her head and said, Young Master, I had been in the Ark Continent the moment I was born . I don t know anything about the Divine Realm . Zhao Hai nodded and said, The attacks of the blood devouring mosquitoes aren t that weak, but most of the Divine Race soldiers should be able to endure . At the same time, the mosquitoes would disappear after getting killed 30 times . It seems like they won t be a huge threat to the Divine Race . Zhao Hai also learned just recently that there are also other ways to control the pests or mosquitoes aside from giving them a timed life . In this case, in future battles, the same mosquitoes will proceed to attack again and again until they are killed 30 times . The pests would be the same as well . However, it was already astonishing . Thirty times, if each mosquito needed to be killed 30 times, what would that mean if there were 10 thousand Ten thousand mosquitoes needed to be killed 300 thousand times . Then how about 100 thousand A million And the amount that Zhao Hai released today far surpassed a million . Remember, the Divine Race army numbered 20 million . If 20 million faced 1 million mosquitoes, then would they be afraid No, Zhao Hai released more than 20 million blood devouring mosquitoes . At this point, the blood devouring mosquitoes were flooding the skies in and around Upper Bank City . The Divine Race soldiers were also starting to get tired of keeping the mosquitoes off . Although nobody has yet to be injured, the mosquitoes were starting to get on their nerves . Zhao Hai wasn t idling right now . He was still in the Space ready to unleash another round of mosquitoes . After the current batch gets eliminated, he will release another . Fantastic, Zhao Hai thought . He could only release mosquitoes once a Day . After using them, he wouldn t be able to do so for another 24 hours . Moreover, the time to produce mosquitoes would only happen for six hours . Therefore, the attack can only happen before the daylight comes . Although there were many limitations, Zhao Hai still thought that the mosquitoes were powerful weapons . Zhao Hai didn t know how many mosquitoes the Space can release in six hours, but he knew that it would be very astonishing . During that time, the Divine Race would be in constant headache while dealing with the unending stream of blood devouring mosquitoes . At this time, Zhao Hai couldn t help but praise the strength of the Divine Race . Although a lot of mosquitoes were already killed, nobody from the Divine Race side had yet to die . One must know that the mosquitoes needed to be killed thirty times before they disappear . Since casualties happened, then it meant that there were mosquitoes that have been killed for 30 times . It seems like the Divine Race really had skills . However, Zhao Hai wasn t disappointed, he knew that casualties among the Divine Race were soon to pile up . Finally, a Divine Race soldier had their Domain broken through . Once the defense collapse, the blood devouring mosquitoes immediately threw themselves towards the vulnerable target . The Divine Race soldier went behind a protective shield, but it was useless . The mosquitoes broke through the shield and latched themselves to the soldier s body . It didn t take too long before a pitiful yell came from the soldier . Zhao Hai stopped the mosquitoes from sucking the soldier dry . He was afraid that the lack of blood would stop him from turning the dead soldier into undead . After being killed by the mosquitoes, Zhao Hai would immediately take the soldier s corpse into the Space, then turn him into an undead . It was at this point that Zhao Hai became surprised, just as the mosquitoes bit into the Divine Race soldier, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, Space s mosquito pests has absorbed blood of a powerful being . Blood devouring mosquito shall evolve . Mosquitoes promoted to 6th ranks . Every 24 hours, Host can release mosquitoes for seven hours . Mosquitoes can stay outside for ten days or after dying 40 times . Zhao Hai stared, then happiness immediately burst out from inside him . He didn t think that the mosquitoes would level up like this . In other words, once the mosquitoes suck the blood of a powerful being, then they would level up . This was an extremely priceless piece of information . Although the mosquitoes were only promoted to 6th rank, one shouldn t forget that their might came from their absurd numbers . Moreover, the life force of the mosquitoes was very strong . Killing them wouldn t be so easy . A God rank expert might be fierce, but if they were flooded by tens of thousands of 6th rank beasts, then even they would fall eventually . While the Divine Race were dealing with the mosquitoes, Zhao Hai was starting to turn his attention to another thing . After the mosquitoes get used up, he would have the cavalry units take over, launching attacks towards Upper Bank City as well as its surroundings . At this time, Lizzy and Megan were actually handling another matter . They were going to attack the second group of Divine Race soldiers . The Divine Race s attack was divided into two parts . The first part was Thunder Yun s center army, in charge of charging right through the city . Although they couldn t eliminate Zhao Hai, they would make sure that he wouldn t be able to help the other places . The second part of the attack were the heavy and light cavalry units, who were supposed to sweep the other Buddha Empire cities . The heavy and light cavalries took of two hours after the center army left . This was done so that Zhao Hai would focus on Thunder Yun and his army . However, they didn t know that Zhao Hai was already aware of their movements . When the light and heavy cavalry units set out, Zhao Hai s side was already prepared . Zhao Hai didn t have the capacity to deal with the two cavalries while he was dealing with Thunder Yun . Because of this, Zhao Hai handed the undead over in order to deal with the light and heavy cavalries . This way, he would be able to gain more undead while crippling two arms of the Divine Race army . Lizzy and Megan were in charge of this matter . Since the light and heavy cavalries weren t working together, they divided into two armies, one on the left and one on the right, as they went on and charge towards the heart of the Buddha Empire . It would be impossible for Zhao Hai to take advantage of this opportunity . Although the heavy and light cavalries weren t members of the Divine Race, their combat prowess wasn t weak . Also, since they have been enslaved for too long, it would be impossible to turn them against the Divine Race . At this point, Zhao Hai s only choice was to make them into his undead . Once the heavy cavalry units become undead, all of them would reach 9th rank . When that time comes, their innate strength shouldn t be any less than a God rank expert . The winged pegasus cavalry couldn t be underestimated as well . Because of this, Zhao hai prepared to deal with the heavy cavalry first before going to attack the light cavalry units . After these two sides were dealt with, then Zhao Hai would proceed to slowly grind down Thunder Yun s army . At this point, Zhao Hai was tied up with Thunder Yun . So Megan and Lizzy were the ones preparing to deal with the heavy cavalry unit . Although the heavy cavalry units were strong, they were still inferior to the Zhao Hai s undead . One shouldn t forget that Zhao Hai had undead beastmen cavalries . And since all of them were at least 9th rank, they weren t very weak . They should be able to easily deal with the heavy cavalry units . Zhao Hai wasn t worried about Lizzy and Megan . With their talent and experience, they shouldn t have any problems in defeating the two enemy cavalry armies . What Zhao Hai needed to do right now was cause as much headache to Thunder Yun as possible . Besides these matters, Zhao Hai also needed to consider the Demon Race . Since Zhao Hai had changed his strategy, holding Rising Sun City wasn t as important as in the past . However, there were still a large amount of people in Rising Sun City, preparing to delay the Demon Race s advance by making them think that Zhao Hai wasn t entangled with the Divine Race . However, Zhao Hai also knew that they couldn t hide this matter for several days . The Demons would certainly get news about the state of the Divine Race . When that time comes, they will immediately join the stage . It was ideal for Zhao Hai if the Demons stayed put . This way, he would have sufficient manpower to use in dealing with the Divine Race . He needed some more time to damage the Divine Race s army . What Zhao Hai needed was time . He wasn t afraid of fighting two battles at the same time . After adjusting their tactic, it didn t matter whether the enemy was from the Divine Race or the Demons, it would work on both side . However, Zhao Hai would still need time in order to deal some damage on one side before the other started to move . In the current Upper Bank City, the fight between the Divine Race soldiers and blood devouring mosquitoes was still going on . However, the Ark Continent s cavalry had already arrived . They should have been attacking the Divine Race the whole afternoon and into the evening . But since the blood devouring mosquitoes were present, Zhao Hai gave them an order to take a rest . After they rested, they immediately came over to the city and prepare for another wave of attacks . This time, Zhao Hai prepared a lot of troops to annoy the Divine Race . There were two million people including Humans, Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves . Although these 2 million couldn t compare to the 20 million Divine Race soldiers, they were already quite large for an army who would be doing guerilla tactics . Once this army attacks the Divine Race from day to night, and then have the blood devouring mosquitoes take over, the Divine Race would soon lose their hair in frustration .





* * *


 772: 772

Chapter 772 – Dealing with the Divine Race



Thunder Yun had lost count of the number of blood devouring mosquitoes that he’d killed . These mosquitoes seemed to be unkillable . After killing a batch, another batch would come, then another, then another .



In Thunder Yun’s mind, these blood devouring mosquitoes were more repugnant than the Ark Continent’s cavalry units . The cavalry unit would attack them while the Divine Race can do nothing . However, only those who were in the periphery of the army were attacked, those in the middle parts were completely unaffected .



On the other hand, the mosquitoes were different . There were just too many mosquitoes, almost everyone was under attack, completely hindering them from taking a proper rest . This situation would surely affect the Divine Race army’s fighting capabilities in the coming days .



There were already casualties among the Divine Race army . Although Thunder Yun didn’t know how much, he still couldn’t help but frown .



The attacks of the mosquitoes were different compared to those made by people . When people attack, you can counter them with proper group tactics . But the mosquitoes don’t care about formations . Their bodies were too small that once they attack, the battle would end up as individual fights .



Thunder Yun looked at the blood devouring mosquitoes . The insects were still attacking the army, however, it was evident that their numbers had dwindled . Compared to before, the pressure that they brought had become much lighter .



After seeing this development, Thunder Yun couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief . But at this time, a huge explosion was suddenly heard . Thunder Yun became startled, he looked towards the explosion and spotted a group of Ark Continent cavalry . They had just thrown their javelins and were about to retreat .



Thunder Yun’s expression couldn’t help but sink . He didn’t think that the Ark Continent would actually use this opportunity to take a shot . This situation was too irritating .



Although he was completely infuriated, Thunder Yun didn’t have anything to say about it . This was war, and although the Ark Continent has been annoying, he still couldn’t help but recognize their ability to grasp at the opportunity to attack the Divine Race .



After thinking up to here, Thunder Yun couldn’t help but sigh deeply . He came out this time in order to face Zhao Hai, but he didn’t think that it would be very difficult . With how much he lost, his expression was uglier than Silver Shuke and Cloud Ying who were before him . The situation had completely left him with no face to return with .



However, this situation was still expected . Thunder Yun just didn’t think that the Ark Continent would have such methods . At the same time, he also suspected that the blood devouring mosquitoes were products made by someone in the Ark Continent .



The timing of the mosquito attack was very good . They didn’t encounter any attacks in the afternoon and into the night . And just as they lowered their guards, the mosquitoes suddenly appeared . It can be said that if the Ark Continent and the blood devouring mosquitoes weren’t related, then Thunder Yun was willing to cut his own head off .



After the group of Ark Continent cavalry left, another one came . They did the same as the one before them, threw their javelins before retreating . Afterward, a third team came, then a fourth, then a fifth…



While they were dealing with the remaining mosquitoes, the Divine Race army were faced with the attacks of the Ark Continent’s cavalry .



After about more than an hour, the amount of attacks that they had received have reached the same number as the attacks that they had suffered in the past few days . It can be said that the Ark Continent was waiting for this opportunity, and Thunder Yun can’t do anything about it .



Thunder Yun wouldn’t dare to send a detachment to attack the Ark Continent’s troops . This was because he knew that once he sends these detachment armies, they would immediately be slaughtered by ambushes coming from the enemy . They were truly in a dilemma right now .



Thunder Yun loudly commanded, “Troops in the periphery stand guard . The others, proceed to deal with the mosquitoes!” As he said that, the troops in the outskirts of the army focused on the Ark Continent’s cavalry while those in the middle went on and continued to attack the mosquitoes .



After two hours, the attacks that they received had surpassed those they encountered before . Moreover, their casualties were starting to mount up . In the 30 waves of attacks, nearly 40 thousand people were killed . Adding the damage caused by the residual mosquitoes, the casualties would number to 50 thousand . Moreover, it was clear that as they move through the Ark Continent, this number would continue to increase .



When the skies turn bright, the Ark Continent stopped their attacks . This made the Divine Race army relax and count their total casualties . In the evening, they lost 100 thousand people, when they add the casualties during the cavalry attack it would number to 150 thousand . In just one night, the Divine Race lost 150 thousand troops!



After hearing this number, Thunder Yun felt that he was in a dream . He was also hoping that he was in a dream, that all of these was just an illusion . But after he looked at his side and saw the weary look on Fei’er, he knew that it was real .



Thunder Yun rubbed his temples, then he turned to Fei’er and said, “Beat the drums, have the leaders gather . ” Fei’er nodded, then he turned around and beat the big drum outside the city lord’s mansion .



Before long, several white robes people arrived . In the Divine Race army, only General rank people can wear white robes . It was a kind of status symbol for the army .



However, Thunder Yun liked to wear his battle armor, this made him different from the other generals . Generals in the Divine Race army took command of about five hundred thousand people, so 40 white robed people arrived at the city lord’s mansion .



Thunder Yun was sat down inside the mansion, there were also some chairs in front of him . All of these furniture were brought by the Divine Race . Zhao Hai already took everything before leaving the place .



After the Generals entered the door, they immediately gave Thunder Yun a salute before promptly taking a seat . Cloud Ying was among those who sat on the first row while Silver Shuke sat on the second .



After everyone arrived, Thunder Yun looked at them and said, “We’ve just begun, but we’re already stumbling . We underestimated the Ark Continent’s people, causing us to lose more than a hundred thousand people . For the Divine Race, this has never happened before . Everyone, tell me about your thoughts on the matter . ”



Silence spread out inside the room, nobody knew what to say . After some time Cloud Ying opened his mouth and said, “General, I have something to report . We just fought with those blood devouring mosquitoes, and their numbers are surely large . But although they had been killed, nobody can spot a single mosquito corpse inside or outside the city . Everyone is puzzled by this . ”



Upon hearing Cloud Ying, the other generals were giving nods . It was true, yesterday, they had fought with a storm’s worth of blood devouring mosquitoes . Although some of them were incinerated to ashes by fire element magic, there should still be corpses that remained . However, no corpse can be seen . This matter was too strange .



Thunder Yun nodded, “Right, I saw that as well . I’m also quite sure that the mosquitoes are on the side of the Ark Continent . Otherwise, the cavalry attacks would be too much of a coincidence . It seems like the Ark Continent still had a lot of methods they had yet to use . ”



The expressions of those present couldn’t help but turn serious . They were generals, and they were no fools, they can accept almost any outcome . In yesterday’s war, not only were mosquito corpses not found, dead Divine Race soldiers were nowhere to be seen as well . Naturally, large part of that was due to being vaporized by the blood lightning beads, but there were also quite a number of those that were taken by Zhao Hai .



Cloud Ying frowns and said, “If those blood devouring mosquitoes are really on the side of the Ark Continent, then we have trouble . If they can make blood devouring mosquitoes, we need to think about ways to deal with it . ”



Thunder Yun knit his brows and said, “Blood devouring mosquitoes aren’t easy to breed . Otherwise, the Ark Continent would have already used them a long time ago . However, we still need to be on guard . If we encounter more mosquitoes in the future, every soldier will group up into three man teams . One will support a Domain, one will kill the mosquitoes, and one rests . They will cycle through to minimize exhaustion . That way, the mosquitoes wouldn’t be too much of a threat . What we need to pay attention to are the Ark Continent’s cavalry units . Does anyone have any ideas in dealing their attacks?”



The group frowned, they went quiet for a while before one of them stood up and gave a bow to Thunder Yun and said, “General, I think we are too reliant on our Domains . Domains are indeed powerful, but their range is just too short, not enough to reach the range of thrown javelins . Because of this, we can only receive attacks and not retaliate . Therefore, I think that we should do the same as the Ark Continent’s cavalry . We cut some trees and make them into our own wooden javelins . Although we cannot place blood lightning beads inside them, at the very least, we can counter attack . With our God rank strengths, our throwing distance should be much further compared to the 9th rank cavalry . This will give us a means of counter-attack, and a way to threaten the other side . ”



Upon hearing this person’s words, Thunder Yun’s eyes turned bright, he looked at the person and said, “Good Good, Cloud Yi, your idea is good . Although javelins wouldn’t be able to cope with the mosquitoes, they would be a threat to the cavalry units . Moreover, making them is very simple . Good, when everyone heads back, inform the soldiers to cut trees down and make them into javelins . If there are no trees to cut, get some stones and keep them . In any case, we can’t let them continue attacking us like this . ”[1]



The people gathered in the room also thought that the idea was good . The disparity between God ranks and 9th ranks is very big . The javelins and stones that God-ranks throw would definitely be more powerful compared to those thrown by 9th ranks . When the time comes, the enemy cavalry would have no way to approach them . Even if the cavalry units doesn’t die, the Divine Race army could at least drive them away .



They weren’t thinking of eliminating all cavalry units with this method, it was impossible . The cavalry units were just too quick, such a method was completely useless . However, this will minimize their losses . As long as they aren’t afraid of the harassment of the other party, then they can continue on and charge towards the heart of the Ark Continent . When the time comes, the Ark Continent’s residents will have no other choice but to fight the Divine Race army head on!



1 . Cloud Ying is Yun Ying . This guy was named Yun Yi .



Chapter 772 Dealing with the Divine RaceThunder Yun had lost count of the number of blood devouring mosquitoes that he d killed . These mosquitoes seemed to be unkillable . After killing a batch, another batch would come, then another, then another . In Thunder Yun s mind, these blood devouring mosquitoes were more repugnant than the Ark Continent s cavalry units . The cavalry unit would attack them while the Divine Race can do nothing . However, only those who were in the periphery of the army were attacked, those in the middle parts were completely unaffected . On the other hand, the mosquitoes were different . There were just too many mosquitoes, almost everyone was under attack, completely hindering them from taking a proper rest . This situation would surely affect the Divine Race army s fighting capabilities in the coming days . There were already casualties among the Divine Race army . Although Thunder Yun didn t know how much, he still couldn t help but frown . The attacks of the mosquitoes were different compared to those made by people . When people attack, you can counter them with proper group tactics . But the mosquitoes don t care about formations . Their bodies were too small that once they attack, the battle would end up as individual fights . Thunder Yun looked at the blood devouring mosquitoes . The insects were still attacking the army, however, it was evident that their numbers had dwindled . Compared to before, the pressure that they brought had become much lighter . After seeing this development, Thunder Yun couldn t help but let out a sigh of relief . But at this time, a huge explosion was suddenly heard . Thunder Yun became startled, he looked towards the explosion and spotted a group of Ark Continent cavalry . They had just thrown their javelins and were about to retreat . Thunder Yun s expression couldn t help but sink . He didn t think that the Ark Continent would actually use this opportunity to take a shot . This situation was too irritating . Although he was completely infuriated, Thunder Yun didn t have anything to say about it . This was war, and although the Ark Continent has been annoying, he still couldn t help but recognize their ability to grasp at the opportunity to attack the Divine Race . After thinking up to here, Thunder Yun couldn t help but sigh deeply . He came out this time in order to face Zhao Hai, but he didn t think that it would be very difficult . With how much he lost, his expression was uglier than Silver Shuke and Cloud Ying who were before him . The situation had completely left him with no face to return with . However, this situation was still expected . Thunder Yun just didn t think that the Ark Continent would have such methods . At the same time, he also suspected that the blood devouring mosquitoes were products made by someone in the Ark Continent . The timing of the mosquito attack was very good . They didn t encounter any attacks in the afternoon and into the night . And just as they lowered their guards, the mosquitoes suddenly appeared . It can be said that if the Ark Continent and the blood devouring mosquitoes weren t related, then Thunder Yun was willing to cut his own head off . After the group of Ark Continent cavalry left, another one came . They did the same as the one before them, threw their javelins before retreating . Afterward, a third team came, then a fourth, then a fifth While they were dealing with the remaining mosquitoes, the Divine Race army were faced with the attacks of the Ark Continent s cavalry . After about more than an hour, the amount of attacks that they had received have reached the same number as the attacks that they had suffered in the past few days . It can be said that the Ark Continent was waiting for this opportunity, and Thunder Yun can t do anything about it . Thunder Yun wouldn t dare to send a detachment to attack the Ark Continent s troops . This was because he knew that once he sends these detachment armies, they would immediately be slaughtered by ambushes coming from the enemy . They were truly in a dilemma right now . Thunder Yun loudly commanded, Troops in the periphery stand guard . The others, proceed to deal with the mosquitoes As he said that, the troops in the outskirts of the army focused on the Ark Continent s cavalry while those in the middle went on and continued to attack the mosquitoes . After two hours, the attacks that they received had surpassed those they encountered before . Moreover, their casualties were starting to mount up . In the 30 waves of attacks, nearly 40 thousand people were killed . Adding the damage caused by the residual mosquitoes, the casualties would number to 50 thousand . Moreover, it was clear that as they move through the Ark Continent, this number would continue to increase . When the skies turn bright, the Ark Continent stopped their attacks . This made the Divine Race army relax and count their total casualties . In the evening, they lost 100 thousand people, when they add the casualties during the cavalry attack it would number to 150 thousand . In just one night, the Divine Race lost 150 thousand troops After hearing this number, Thunder Yun felt that he was in a dream . He was also hoping that he was in a dream, that all of these was just an illusion . But after he looked at his side and saw the weary look on Fei er, he knew that it was real . Thunder Yun rubbed his temples, then he turned to Fei er and said, Beat the drums, have the leaders gather . Fei er nodded, then he turned around and beat the big drum outside the city lord s mansion . Before long, several white robes people arrived . In the Divine Race army, only General rank people can wear white robes . It was a kind of status symbol for the army . However, Thunder Yun liked to wear his battle armor, this made him different from the other generals . Generals in the Divine Race army took command of about five hundred thousand people, so 40 white robed people arrived at the city lord s mansion . Thunder Yun was sat down inside the mansion, there were also some chairs in front of him . All of these furniture were brought by the Divine Race . Zhao Hai already took everything before leaving the place . After the Generals entered the door, they immediately gave Thunder Yun a salute before promptly taking a seat . Cloud Ying was among those who sat on the first row while Silver Shuke sat on the second . After everyone arrived, Thunder Yun looked at them and said, We ve just begun, but we re already stumbling . We underestimated the Ark Continent s people, causing us to lose more than a hundred thousand people . For the Divine Race, this has never happened before . Everyone, tell me about your thoughts on the matter . Silence spread out inside the room, nobody knew what to say . After some time Cloud Ying opened his mouth and said, General, I have something to report . We just fought with those blood devouring mosquitoes, and their numbers are surely large . But although they had been killed, nobody can spot a single mosquito corpse inside or outside the city . Everyone is puzzled by this . Upon hearing Cloud Ying, the other generals were giving nods . It was true, yesterday, they had fought with a storm s worth of blood devouring mosquitoes . Although some of them were incinerated to ashes by fire element magic, there should still be corpses that remained . However, no corpse can be seen . This matter was too strange . Thunder Yun nodded, Right, I saw that as well . I m also quite sure that the mosquitoes are on the side of the Ark Continent . Otherwise, the cavalry attacks would be too much of a coincidence . It seems like the Ark Continent still had a lot of methods they had yet to use . The expressions of those present couldn t help but turn serious . They were generals, and they were no fools, they can accept almost any outcome . In yesterday s war, not only were mosquito corpses not found, dead Divine Race soldiers were nowhere to be seen as well . Naturally, large part of that was due to being vaporized by the blood lightning beads, but there were also quite a number of those that were taken by Zhao Hai . Cloud Ying frowns and said, If those blood devouring mosquitoes are really on the side of the Ark Continent, then we have trouble . If they can make blood devouring mosquitoes, we need to think about ways to deal with it . Thunder Yun knit his brows and said, Blood devouring mosquitoes aren t easy to breed . Otherwise, the Ark Continent would have already used them a long time ago . However, we still need to be on guard . If we encounter more mosquitoes in the future, every soldier will group up into three man teams . One will support a Domain, one will kill the mosquitoes, and one rests . They will cycle through to minimize exhaustion . That way, the mosquitoes wouldn t be too much of a threat . What we need to pay attention to are the Ark Continent s cavalry units . Does anyone have any ideas in dealing their attacks The group frowned, they went quiet for a while before one of them stood up and gave a bow to Thunder Yun and said, General, I think we are too reliant on our Domains . Domains are indeed powerful, but their range is just too short, not enough to reach the range of thrown javelins . Because of this, we can only receive attacks and not retaliate . Therefore, I think that we should do the same as the Ark Continent s cavalry . We cut some trees and make them into our own wooden javelins . Although we cannot place blood lightning beads inside them, at the very least, we can counter attack . With our God rank strengths, our throwing distance should be much further compared to the 9th rank cavalry . This will give us a means of counter attack, and a way to threaten the other side . Upon hearing this person s words, Thunder Yun s eyes turned bright, he looked at the person and said, Good Good, Cloud Yi, your idea is good . Although javelins wouldn t be able to cope with the mosquitoes, they would be a threat to the cavalry units . Moreover, making them is very simple . Good, when everyone heads back, inform the soldiers to cut trees down and make them into javelins . If there are no trees to cut, get some stones and keep them . In any case, we can t let them continue attacking us like this . 1 The people gathered in the room also thought that the idea was good . The disparity between God ranks and 9th ranks is very big . The javelins and stones that God ranks throw would definitely be more powerful compared to those thrown by 9th ranks . When the time comes, the enemy cavalry would have no way to approach them . Even if the cavalry units doesn t die, the Divine Race army could at least drive them away . They weren t thinking of eliminating all cavalry units with this method, it was impossible . The cavalry units were just too quick, such a method was completely useless . However, this will minimize their losses . As long as they aren t afraid of the harassment of the other party, then they can continue on and charge towards the heart of the Ark Continent . When the time comes, the Ark Continent s residents will have no other choice but to fight the Divine Race army head on 1 . Cloud Ying is Yun Ying . This guy was named Yun Yi .





* * *





Chapter 773 – A Good Plan

Zhao Hai didn’t know about the contents of the Divine Race army’s meeting . The Divine Race used a formation in order to isolate the space surrounding them . This magic was quite effective against the Space .

Zhao Hai was currently looking into the Demons . He was afraid that the Demon Race would get any news and proceed to attack . He already had the troops in Rising Sun City show themselves regularly on top of the walls, hoping that the Demons would not suspect anything . But if the Demons did attack, these troops will immediately turn into cavalry units and proceed to harass the Demon army .

The current Demon army was no less than the Divine Race . They also numbered around 20 million troops . Moreover, more people were still coming from the Demon Realm .

At the same time, the continent’s armies were also quite numerous . Although there weren’t a lot of elite troops, the local armies were still collectively large . The local armies have now been promoted to 9th rank, their abilities shouldn’t be too far from the elite troops .

Besides the Human army, there was also the Elves, Dwarves, Beastman, and Fishman armies . All in all, the Ark Continent had about several tens of millions of usable troops . This was especially true for the Fishman race . Nobody knew how large the endless sea was, but one could be certain that the amount of Fishman tribes were a lot . The entire Fishman army, once they left the seas, will become huge war machines . Even the Mermaid Clan was unclear about their total battle prowess .

There were still many others who hadn’t taken the spatial water and were yet to be promoted . But Zhao Hai couldn’t do anything about it . Although he said that everyone can drink the spatial water, there will come a time when it would lose its effectiveness and just turn into normal water .





What Zhao Hai needed to do right now was to unveil the maximum warring potential of the Ark Continent and use it against the Demons and the Divine Race . It can be said that this was part of the Ark Continent’s evolution .

Right, the Ark Continent needed to evolve . Zhao Hai thought about it because of the recent changes to the continent . In the past, the Ark Continent was just a lower realm compared to the Divine Realm . But now, the Divine Race just removed that division . This meant that the Ark Continent and the Divine Race now had similar laws . Under this situation, if the Ark Continent’s people failed to adapt, then they will certainly be eliminated .

If Zhao Hai didn’t have the Space, then this evolution would certainly be impossible . But Zhao Hai had the Space, providing them with the ability to evolve . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to use this war to improve the entirety of the Ark Continent .

However, the situation with the other races was very different compared to the Humans . The Humans lived in a relatively concentrated manner, and their government had almost reached a perfect state . Take the Rosen Empire, for example, their governance was already first-rate . Their control of the population had even reached the tiniest unit, villages being governed by the village heads . On the other hand, the other races were different . The Elves and the Dwarves had it the best, living close to each other . However, the same cannot be said for the Beastmen .

The Beastmen lived in the Prairie, a place that was too big . Because of this, the Beastmen lived a fairly nomadic lifestyle, moving about in small tribes of several tens to several hundreds of households . In this case, wanting to concentrate them would be very difficult .

The Beastmen were just a tad less problematic compared to the Fishmen . The Fishman race lived in the endless sea, a place much bigger than the prairie, and much more difficult to manage .

In fact, the management of the Fishman Race was very relaxed . But all of them knew that the Mermaid Clan was the ruler of the entire sea . However, since the Mermaid Clan doesn’t care too much about taxes, the management had become too loose and neglected .

This caused Zhao Hai a headache . The Fishman Race was just too dispersed despite being the largest group in terms of population and war potential . Additionally, the Fishman Race weren’t too used to fighting on land .





This caused Zhao Hai a headache . The Fishman Race was just too dispersed despite being the largest group in terms of population and war potential . Additionally, the Fishman Race weren’t too used to fighting on land .

Because of this, although there were a lot of Fishmen who had become 9th ranks, they were still not suitable for land battle . They were on the rear, training on top of the mounts that Zhao Hai gave .

At this time, the number of troops in the Buddha Empire numbered less than 10 million . But there were still more troops coming from the rear .

In fact, if Zhao Hai’s tactics were used, they really don’t need so many troops . However, Zhao Hai still wanted to see what a full on fight with the Demons and the Divine Race looks like .

Zhao Hai looked at the situation in the Demon Camp . Fortunately, it was still the early days of the Divine Race’s attack . Because of this, the Demons were yet to receive any news . However, Zhao Hai knew that word would soon reach their ears .

Seeing no movements from the Demons, Zhao Hai turned to look at what the Divine Race were doing . Upon seeing the Divine Race, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . The Divine Race army were cutting trees down and gathering stones . He was confused at what these people were doing .

However, he soon found out what this action meant . After cutting trees down, the Divine Race unexpectedly made javelins out of them . Although these javelins were simple, looking just like a sharpened wooden club, they were still quite lethal once thrown by the Divine Race army .

It was quite obvious that the Divine Race wanted to use these javelins to retaliate against the Ark Continent’s attacks .





It was quite obvious that the Divine Race wanted to use these javelins to retaliate against the Ark Continent’s attacks .

After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai’s brows couldn’t help but wrinkle . Although the strength of the Divine Race’s javelins were inferior to the ones with the blood lightning beads . The large number of the Divine Race army alone was something that cannot be underestimated .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but shiver after imagining 20 million Divine Race soldiers throwing javelins simultaneously . Zhao Hai couldn’t forget the scene from the movie ‘Hero’ where a rain of arrows was seen going down on a city . He reckoned that the Divine Race’s javelins would be more frightening compared to the Qin army’s arrows . [1]

The Buddha Empire had a lot of trees, and for the Divine Race, they wouldn’t be very hard to cut For them, making javelins should be very simple .

Zhao Hai also understood what the stones were for . Judging by the sheer number of the Divine Race army, the javelins made would surely be insufficient . These stones were not only portable and easy to find, they could also deal significant damage once thrown . If these were thrown by any average person, then they might not be a threat, but in the hands of God ranked experts, they would surely be lethal .

Zhao Hai frowned, the Divine Race were too quick to think . Do they intend to deal with the cavalry attacks with this method?

As Zhao Hai was calmly thinking about it, Laura walked in and sat by his side . After seeing the monitor, she was puzzled so she asked Zhao Hai . “Brother Hai, what’s happening? Why are those soldiers gathering stones and wood? Do they want to build a city?” Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “They’re preparing to counter our cavalry attacks . The wood are made into javelins while the stones are to be thrown . ”

When she heard Zhao Hai’s answer, Laura couldn’t help but frown . Zhao Hai’s cavalry units were yet to utilize their full 9th rank strength . Additionally, throwing javelins weren’t their speciality . Zhao Hai didn’t even order them to be accurate, throwing the javelins and then retreating was his only order .

Because of this, the cavalry units weren’t very skillful in their job . If they were attacked by these javelins, the only way they could survive was to abandon their mounts . And if they won’t, they would only be eliminated by the Divine Race .



When she heard Zhao Hai’s answer, Laura couldn’t help but frown . Zhao Hai’s cavalry units were yet to utilize their full 9th rank strength . Additionally, throwing javelins weren’t their speciality . Zhao Hai didn’t even order them to be accurate, throwing the javelins and then retreating was his only order .

Because of this, the cavalry units weren’t very skillful in their job . If they were attacked by these javelins, the only way they could survive was to abandon their mounts . And if they won’t, they would only be eliminated by the Divine Race .

Moreover, once the Divine Race uses this tactic, the harassment methods that Zhao Hai’s side had thought of would become useless .

Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what do we do now? Under these javelin and stone attacks, our cavalry units would be unable to continue their job . Using shields to block the Divine Race projectiles would not be enough . ” Zhao Hai nodded as he sighed and said, “I’m also worried about this matter . God rank experts are much stronger compared to 9th ranks . God ranks are very difficult to deal with, especially those who already have Domains . The javelins thrown by the Divine Race would surely be strong . Only a few armies in the continent are able to block their attack . ”

Laura frowned, but then her eyes shone, then she said, “Brother Hai, do you remember the magic formation disks used by the Radiant Church? If we make more of those, I think they can be used . ”

Zhao Hai stared, “Formation disks? So what if we make formation disks?” Laura smiled and said, “Defensive formation disks . Major cities of the continent might have defensive formations, but these formations are very complex . If we shrink them down, then they can be used with formation disks . Each squad can carry a set of these disks and use it with crystal stones when they face the Divine Race . This should make the stones and javelins very useless . ”



For those curious, here’s a clip from youtube .  Chapter 773 A Good Plan Zhao Hai didn t know about the contents of the Divine Race army s meeting . The Divine Race used a formation in order to isolate the space surrounding them . This magic was quite effective against the Space . Zhao Hai was currently looking into the Demons . He was afraid that the Demon Race would get any news and proceed to attack . He already had the troops in Rising Sun City show themselves regularly on top of the walls, hoping that the Demons would not suspect anything . But if the Demons did attack, these troops will immediately turn into cavalry units and proceed to harass the Demon army . The current Demon army was no less than the Divine Race . They also numbered around 20 million troops . Moreover, more people were still coming from the Demon Realm . At the same time, the continent s armies were also quite numerous . Although there weren t a lot of elite troops, the local armies were still collectively large . The local armies have now been promoted to 9th rank, their abilities shouldn t be too far from the elite troops . Besides the Human army, there was also the Elves, Dwarves, Beastman, and Fishman armies . All in all, the Ark Continent had about several tens of millions of usable troops . This was especially true for the Fishman race . Nobody knew how large the endless sea was, but one could be certain that the amount of Fishman tribes were a lot . The entire Fishman army, once they left the seas, will become huge war machines . Even the Mermaid Clan was unclear about their total battle prowess . There were still many others who hadn t taken the spatial water and were yet to be promoted . But Zhao Hai couldn t do anything about it . Although he said that everyone can drink the spatial water, there will come a time when it would lose its effectiveness and just turn into normal water . What Zhao Hai needed to do right now was to unveil the maximum warring potential of the Ark Continent and use it against the Demons and the Divine Race . It can be said that this was part of the Ark Continent s evolution . Right, the Ark Continent needed to evolve . Zhao Hai thought about it because of the recent changes to the continent . In the past, the Ark Continent was just a lower realm compared to the Divine Realm . But now, the Divine Race just removed that division . This meant that the Ark Continent and the Divine Race now had similar laws . Under this situation, if the Ark Continent s people failed to adapt, then they will certainly be eliminated . If Zhao Hai didn t have the Space, then this evolution would certainly be impossible . But Zhao Hai had the Space, providing them with the ability to evolve . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to use this war to improve the entirety of the Ark Continent . However, the situation with the other races was very different compared to the Humans . The Humans lived in a relatively concentrated manner, and their government had almost reached a perfect state . Take the Rosen Empire, for example, their governance was already first rate . Their control of the population had even reached the tiniest unit, villages being governed by the village heads . On the other hand, the other races were different . The Elves and the Dwarves had it the best, living close to each other . However, the same cannot be said for the Beastmen . The Beastmen lived in the Prairie, a place that was too big . Because of this, the Beastmen lived a fairly nomadic lifestyle, moving about in small tribes of several tens to several hundreds of households . In this case, wanting to concentrate them would be very difficult . The Beastmen were just a tad less problematic compared to the Fishmen . The Fishman race lived in the endless sea, a place much bigger than the prairie, and much more difficult to manage . In fact, the management of the Fishman Race was very relaxed . But all of them knew that the Mermaid Clan was the ruler of the entire sea . However, since the Mermaid Clan doesn t care too much about taxes, the management had become too loose and neglected . This caused Zhao Hai a headache . The Fishman Race was just too dispersed despite being the largest group in terms of population and war potential . Additionally, the Fishman Race weren t too used to fighting on land . Because of this, although there were a lot of Fishmen who had become 9th ranks, they were still not suitable for land battle . They were on the rear, training on top of the mounts that Zhao Hai gave . At this time, the number of troops in the Buddha Empire numbered less than 10 million . But there were still more troops coming from the rear . In fact, if Zhao Hai s tactics were used, they really don t need so many troops . However, Zhao Hai still wanted to see what a full on fight with the Demons and the Divine Race looks like . Zhao Hai looked at the situation in the Demon Camp . Fortunately, it was still the early days of the Divine Race s attack . Because of this, the Demons were yet to receive any news . However, Zhao Hai knew that word would soon reach their ears . Seeing no movements from the Demons, Zhao Hai turned to look at what the Divine Race were doing . Upon seeing the Divine Race, Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare . The Divine Race army were cutting trees down and gathering stones . He was confused at what these people were doing . However, he soon found out what this action meant . After cutting trees down, the Divine Race unexpectedly made javelins out of them . Although these javelins were simple, looking just like a sharpened wooden club, they were still quite lethal once thrown by the Divine Race army . It was quite obvious that the Divine Race wanted to use these javelins to retaliate against the Ark Continent s attacks . After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai s brows couldn t help but wrinkle . Although the strength of the Divine Race s javelins were inferior to the ones with the blood lightning beads . The large number of the Divine Race army alone was something that cannot be underestimated . Zhao Hai couldn t help but shiver after imagining 20 million Divine Race soldiers throwing javelins simultaneously . Zhao Hai couldn t forget the scene from the movie Hero where a rain of arrows was seen going down on a city . He reckoned that the Divine Race s javelins would be more frightening compared to the Qin army s arrows . 1 The Buddha Empire had a lot of trees, and for the Divine Race, they wouldn t be very hard to cut For them, making javelins should be very simple . Zhao Hai also understood what the stones were for . Judging by the sheer number of the Divine Race army, the javelins made would surely be insufficient . These stones were not only portable and easy to find, they could also deal significant damage once thrown . If these were thrown by any average person, then they might not be a threat, but in the hands of God ranked experts, they would surely be lethal . Zhao Hai frowned, the Divine Race were too quick to think . Do they intend to deal with the cavalry attacks with this method As Zhao Hai was calmly thinking about it, Laura walked in and sat by his side . After seeing the monitor, she was puzzled so she asked Zhao Hai . Brother Hai, what s happening Why are those soldiers gathering stones and wood Do they want to build a city Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, They re preparing to counter our cavalry attacks . The wood are made into javelins while the stones are to be thrown . When she heard Zhao Hai s answer, Laura couldn t help but frown . Zhao Hai s cavalry units were yet to utilize their full 9th rank strength . Additionally, throwing javelins weren t their speciality . Zhao Hai didn t even order them to be accurate, throwing the javelins and then retreating was his only order . Because of this, the cavalry units weren t very skillful in their job . If they were attacked by these javelins, the only way they could survive was to abandon their mounts . And if they won t, they would only be eliminated by the Divine Race . Moreover, once the Divine Race uses this tactic, the harassment methods that Zhao Hai s side had thought of would become useless . Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai, what do we do now Under these javelin and stone attacks, our cavalry units would be unable to continue their job . Using shields to block the Divine Race projectiles would not be enough . Zhao Hai nodded as he sighed and said, I m also worried about this matter . God rank experts are much stronger compared to 9th ranks . God ranks are very difficult to deal with, especially those who already have Domains . The javelins thrown by the Divine Race would surely be strong . Only a few armies in the continent are able to block their attack . Laura frowned, but then her eyes shone, then she said, Brother Hai, do you remember the magic formation disks used by the Radiant Church If we make more of those, I think they can be used . Zhao Hai stared, Formation disks So what if we make formation disks Laura smiled and said, Defensive formation disks . Major cities of the continent might have defensive formations, but these formations are very complex . If we shrink them down, then they can be used with formation disks . Each squad can carry a set of these disks and use it with crystal stones when they face the Divine Race . This should make the stones and javelins very useless . For those curious, here s a clip from youtube .





* * *





Chapter 774 – I Have a Way

When he heard Laura, Zhao Hai’s eyes lit up . He nodded and said, “That method is good . We should have them made as soon as possible . However, we still need to test these magic formations . They can’t be too big nor too small . Too big and they waste too much energy, too small and they become useless . ”

Laura smiled and said, “This should be easy to do . At this point, your word is already law in the continent . Moreover, father has been researching magic formations for a very long time . I can hand the task over to him . We should expect results to come up soon . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then we’ll hand it over to father-in-law . Tell him that we need it and we prefer them to be made as soon as possible . ”

Laura nodded, “I’ll take care of it . But Brother Hai, we cannot stay put in the following days . How about we adjust Lizzy and Megan to face the center army . The javelins and stones might be a threat to the cavalry, but to the undead they should be less harmful . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, I’ll tell them after they deal with the heavy cavalry unit . ”

Just as Zhao Hai said that, Lizzy’s voice was heard, “It seems like me and Megan came in at the right time . Big Brother Hai, the heavy cavalry unit has been taken care of . ”

Zhao Hai turned his head to look and saw Lizzy and Megan’s excited faces . Zhao Hai immediately smiled at them and said, “You already took care of the heavy cavalry? How many people did they have?”





Although the majority of the reinforcements were composed of the Divine Race, the winged pegasus cavalry, and the rhinoceros heavy cavalry, there were also other races included in the mix . This time, these extra races weren’t included in the Divine Race’s center army . Instead, they were used to supplement the heavy cavalry army in attacking the other cities of the Buddha Empire . What Zhao Hai was asking about was the total number of people included in the heavy cavalry army, including those supplemental races .

Megan smiled and said, “There were a lot of them . You couldn’t even imagine . There were 5 million of them, 5 million . ”

Zhao Hai immediately became ecstatic when he heard Megan, he said, “That’s fantastic . Then this means that we have 5 million additional undead . That is a huge harvest . Hahaha . And since the light cavalry unit have more people in comparison, our numbers will be greatly strengthened . Good, good . You two have a good rest before you deal with the light cavalry . Right, hand some of those undead over to me . I’ll use them to deal with the Divine Race’s center army . ”

Lizzy and Megan nodded . Then they thought back to how difficult it was to deal with the heavy cavalry unit . The opponent wasn’t weak at all . Moreover, with their numbers, dealing with them in such a short time was very hard .

However, Lizzy and Megan had thought of a way . They would have Dwarves would dig some holes on the ground, making the heavy cavalry stop their advance .

The heavy cavalry’s greatest asset was their charge . Once their charge gets stopped, then they’re overall power would drop . The Dwarves’ traps were precisely used to stop them .

Once the heavy cavalry unit saw the traps, they quickly knew that it was set up by the Dwarves . It didn’t take too long for them to shoot out earth magic towards the ground . This magic had the effect of hardening the ground . It would last for an hour or so, making them unafraid of any attacks coming from the Dwarves .

However, their decision this time was very mistaken . Lizzy and Megan didn’t plan to attack them from the ground . Instead, they used the time where the enemy was using earth magic to surround them with undead . Then the undead began to attack the heavy cavalry .

These undead were quite strong, they were 9th ranks after all . Because of this, even before the heavy cavalry can respond, they were already eliminated .





These undead were quite strong, they were 9th ranks after all . Because of this, even before the heavy cavalry can respond, they were already eliminated .

This method can only be used because Zhao Hai’s side had the Space . They have the method of making the undead appear wherever they want . Lizzy and Megan used this feature to surround the heavy cavalry with undead . Catching them off guard and making the operation easier than it should be .

The plan might look simple, but it wasn’t . Fortunately, not a lot of people were aware of this capability .

Some of the undead were handed over to Zhao Hai while some remained in the control of Lizzy and Megan . The winged pegasus army were fast, and could fly, so they would need a much better plan to deal with them . This needed to be thoroughly thought out .

While Lizzy and Megan rested, Laura went out to discuss the formation disks with Karen . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai stayed in the villa in order to monitor the Divine Race .

Besides monitoring the Divine Race, Zhao Hai also busied himself with resupplying the cavalry units with more javelins . .

There were currently a lot of places in the Ark Continent that took on the job of making javelins . In addition to wooden ones, there were also a lot of bamboo-made javelins . Those javelins made of bamboo were found out to be more powerful and convenient to use .

At this point, Zhao Hai planted a lot of bamboos in the Space, specifically for the manufacturing of javelins . Making bamboo javelins was simple . A single person would be able to make a lot of javelins in a single day .

Supplying the cavalry units was also a unique matter . Zhao Hai placed the supplies somewhere on the continent, then he would just lead the cavalry units there in order to take their javelins . At the same time, the cavalry could also eat and rest there .





Supplying the cavalry units was also a unique matter . Zhao Hai placed the supplies somewhere on the continent, then he would just lead the cavalry units there in order to take their javelins . At the same time, the cavalry could also eat and rest there .

These places varied, some were in cities of the Buddha Empire while some were in rural areas . The areas weren’t too complicated and the supplies present there were only enough for one or two batches .

Zhao Hai had also given the captains of these units a spatial bag each . Each bag can carry about a thousand cubic meters . In addition to the messenger fish, the bags also stored things to eat and drink . Zhao Hai didn’t want them to be starved during times where he was unable to teleport them from place to place .

Now that the cavalry units had received their supplies, they proceeded to take a rest . At the same time, the Divine Race army were also taking a rest . The blood devouring mosquitoes had made them suffer heavily .

Although the mosquitoes were upgraded, they still needed 24 hours in order to be re-released . But when the time comes, those new mosquitoes would be stronger than the ones before .

After being upgraded, the strength of the mosquitoes had doubled compared to before . Zhao Hai believed that the mosquitoes would deal a much heavier damage to the Divine Race the next time they attack .

Although the Divine Race army were composed of God-rank experts, Zhao Hai can still see weary looks on their faces . Those who had acquired their javelins and stones immediately took a rest . It seems like they were very tired .

However, there were still some of them who stood guard in the surroundings . Therefore, attacking them at this time wouldn’t be so easy . Still, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried . If he really wanted to deal with the Divine Race army, he could just send some undead into the middle of the army . That would certainly catch them off guard .

But Zhao Hai didn’t want to do that right now . The Divine Race was different compared to the light and heavy cavalries . The Divine Race army have God-rank strength, making them much stronger than the two other armies . Even if the undead appeared in the middle of the army, their only choice would be to self destruct using blood lightning beads . Dealing with the Divine Race army using the methods used on the heavy cavalry would be a foolish decision, the strength disparity was just too much .

For Zhao Hai to not use it doesn’t meant that it was useless . On the contrary, this trick would be very useful . However, this trick can only be used once . The next time, the Divine Race would be prepared for it . Because of this, Zhao Hai planned to use it only when it is crucial .



But Zhao Hai didn’t want to do that right now . The Divine Race was different compared to the light and heavy cavalries . The Divine Race army have God-rank strength, making them much stronger than the two other armies . Even if the undead appeared in the middle of the army, their only choice would be to self destruct using blood lightning beads . Dealing with the Divine Race army using the methods used on the heavy cavalry would be a foolish decision, the strength disparity was just too much .

For Zhao Hai to not use it doesn’t meant that it was useless . On the contrary, this trick would be very useful . However, this trick can only be used once . The next time, the Divine Race would be prepared for it . Because of this, Zhao Hai planned to use it only when it is crucial .

Since that was his plan, Zhao Hai didn’t send people to harass the Divine Race right now, allowing them time to rest . But Zhao Hai also believed that even if they were resting, they would still keep one of their eyes open, fearing that an attack would come at any time .

After seeing that nothing was happening in the Divine Race’s camp, Zhao Hai felt relief . He took some time to head back to the Black Wasteland . At this time, many people who specialized in magic formations had been sent over . Karen was present there as well . Zhao Hai had a laboratory made for them so that they can research weapons and formations much easier .

After the plan for making formation disks were passed on to Karen’s group, they immediately started on their research . They were quite familiar with defensive formations . In fact, they already have ideas on how to proceed .

Ever since the Demons and the Divine Race started to invade the Ark Continent, these people were already thinking about these types of formations . Because of this, after Zhao Hai’s word was sent, they didn’t fumble around and just proceeded to shift their research towards Zhao Hai’s needs .

In the past, they have been researching ways to make more defensive and energy saving formations . This time, they only needed to make the formations small enough to carry around . Their research were focused on huge formations, so they had a certain understanding when it came to areas and their energy consumption . What they needed to do now was to make formation plates that have ample defensive strength for the cavalry units .

When he saw how smooth the research was going, Zhao Hai felt relief . It seems like it would only take a few days before the formation plates to be made .

 Chapter 774 I Have a Way When he heard Laura, Zhao Hai s eyes lit up . He nodded and said, That method is good . We should have them made as soon as possible . However, we still need to test these magic formations . They can t be too big nor too small . Too big and they waste too much energy, too small and they become useless . Laura smiled and said, This should be easy to do . At this point, your word is already law in the continent . Moreover, father has been researching magic formations for a very long time . I can hand the task over to him . We should expect results to come up soon . Zhao Hai nodded, Alright, then we ll hand it over to father in law . Tell him that we need it and we prefer them to be made as soon as possible . Laura nodded, I ll take care of it . But Brother Hai, we cannot stay put in the following days . How about we adjust Lizzy and Megan to face the center army . The javelins and stones might be a threat to the cavalry, but to the undead they should be less harmful . Zhao Hai nodded, Alright, I ll tell them after they deal with the heavy cavalry unit . Just as Zhao Hai said that, Lizzy s voice was heard, It seems like me and Megan came in at the right time . Big Brother Hai, the heavy cavalry unit has been taken care of . Zhao Hai turned his head to look and saw Lizzy and Megan s excited faces . Zhao Hai immediately smiled at them and said, You already took care of the heavy cavalry How many people did they have Although the majority of the reinforcements were composed of the Divine Race, the winged pegasus cavalry, and the rhinoceros heavy cavalry, there were also other races included in the mix . This time, these extra races weren t included in the Divine Race s center army . Instead, they were used to supplement the heavy cavalry army in attacking the other cities of the Buddha Empire . What Zhao Hai was asking about was the total number of people included in the heavy cavalry army, including those supplemental races . Megan smiled and said, There were a lot of them . You couldn t even imagine . There were 5 million of them, 5 million . Zhao Hai immediately became ecstatic when he heard Megan, he said, That s fantastic . Then this means that we have 5 million additional undead . That is a huge harvest . Hahaha . And since the light cavalry unit have more people in comparison, our numbers will be greatly strengthened . Good, good . You two have a good rest before you deal with the light cavalry . Right, hand some of those undead over to me . I ll use them to deal with the Divine Race s center army . Lizzy and Megan nodded . Then they thought back to how difficult it was to deal with the heavy cavalry unit . The opponent wasn t weak at all . Moreover, with their numbers, dealing with them in such a short time was very hard . However, Lizzy and Megan had thought of a way . They would have Dwarves would dig some holes on the ground, making the heavy cavalry stop their advance . The heavy cavalry s greatest asset was their charge . Once their charge gets stopped, then they re overall power would drop . The Dwarves traps were precisely used to stop them . Once the heavy cavalry unit saw the traps, they quickly knew that it was set up by the Dwarves . It didn t take too long for them to shoot out earth magic towards the ground . This magic had the effect of hardening the ground . It would last for an hour or so, making them unafraid of any attacks coming from the Dwarves . However, their decision this time was very mistaken . Lizzy and Megan didn t plan to attack them from the ground . Instead, they used the time where the enemy was using earth magic to surround them with undead . Then the undead began to attack the heavy cavalry . These undead were quite strong, they were 9th ranks after all . Because of this, even before the heavy cavalry can respond, they were already eliminated . This method can only be used because Zhao Hai s side had the Space . They have the method of making the undead appear wherever they want . Lizzy and Megan used this feature to surround the heavy cavalry with undead . Catching them off guard and making the operation easier than it should be . The plan might look simple, but it wasn t . Fortunately, not a lot of people were aware of this capability . Some of the undead were handed over to Zhao Hai while some remained in the control of Lizzy and Megan . The winged pegasus army were fast, and could fly, so they would need a much better plan to deal with them . This needed to be thoroughly thought out . While Lizzy and Megan rested, Laura went out to discuss the formation disks with Karen . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai stayed in the villa in order to monitor the Divine Race . Besides monitoring the Divine Race, Zhao Hai also busied himself with resupplying the cavalry units with more javelins . . There were currently a lot of places in the Ark Continent that took on the job of making javelins . In addition to wooden ones, there were also a lot of bamboo made javelins . Those javelins made of bamboo were found out to be more powerful and convenient to use . At this point, Zhao Hai planted a lot of bamboos in the Space, specifically for the manufacturing of javelins . Making bamboo javelins was simple . A single person would be able to make a lot of javelins in a single day . Supplying the cavalry units was also a unique matter . Zhao Hai placed the supplies somewhere on the continent, then he would just lead the cavalry units there in order to take their javelins . At the same time, the cavalry could also eat and rest there . These places varied, some were in cities of the Buddha Empire while some were in rural areas . The areas weren t too complicated and the supplies present there were only enough for one or two batches . Zhao Hai had also given the captains of these units a spatial bag each . Each bag can carry about a thousand cubic meters . In addition to the messenger fish, the bags also stored things to eat and drink . Zhao Hai didn t want them to be starved during times where he was unable to teleport them from place to place . Now that the cavalry units had received their supplies, they proceeded to take a rest . At the same time, the Divine Race army were also taking a rest . The blood devouring mosquitoes had made them suffer heavily . Although the mosquitoes were upgraded, they still needed 24 hours in order to be re released . But when the time comes, those new mosquitoes would be stronger than the ones before . After being upgraded, the strength of the mosquitoes had doubled compared to before . Zhao Hai believed that the mosquitoes would deal a much heavier damage to the Divine Race the next time they attack . Although the Divine Race army were composed of God rank experts, Zhao Hai can still see weary looks on their faces . Those who had acquired their javelins and stones immediately took a rest . It seems like they were very tired . However, there were still some of them who stood guard in the surroundings . Therefore, attacking them at this time wouldn t be so easy . Still, Zhao Hai wasn t worried . If he really wanted to deal with the Divine Race army, he could just send some undead into the middle of the army . That would certainly catch them off guard . But Zhao Hai didn t want to do that right now . The Divine Race was different compared to the light and heavy cavalries . The Divine Race army have God rank strength, making them much stronger than the two other armies . Even if the undead appeared in the middle of the army, their only choice would be to self destruct using blood lightning beads . Dealing with the Divine Race army using the methods used on the heavy cavalry would be a foolish decision, the strength disparity was just too much . For Zhao Hai to not use it doesn t meant that it was useless . On the contrary, this trick would be very useful . However, this trick can only be used once . The next time, the Divine Race would be prepared for it . Because of this, Zhao Hai planned to use it only when it is crucial . Since that was his plan, Zhao Hai didn t send people to harass the Divine Race right now, allowing them time to rest . But Zhao Hai also believed that even if they were resting, they would still keep one of their eyes open, fearing that an attack would come at any time . After seeing that nothing was happening in the Divine Race s camp, Zhao Hai felt relief . He took some time to head back to the Black Wasteland . At this time, many people who specialized in magic formations had been sent over . Karen was present there as well . Zhao Hai had a laboratory made for them so that they can research weapons and formations much easier . After the plan for making formation disks were passed on to Karen s group, they immediately started on their research . They were quite familiar with defensive formations . In fact, they already have ideas on how to proceed . Ever since the Demons and the Divine Race started to invade the Ark Continent, these people were already thinking about these types of formations . Because of this, after Zhao Hai s word was sent, they didn t fumble around and just proceeded to shift their research towards Zhao Hai s needs . In the past, they have been researching ways to make more defensive and energy saving formations . This time, they only needed to make the formations small enough to carry around . Their research were focused on huge formations, so they had a certain understanding when it came to areas and their energy consumption . What they needed to do now was to make formation plates that have ample defensive strength for the cavalry units . When he saw how smooth the research was going, Zhao Hai felt relief . It seems like it would only take a few days before the formation plates to be made .





* * *





Chapter 775 – The Demon Race Moves, War On Two Fronts

Zhao Hai had also changed his methods from before . He now reported everything that happened in the frontlines . He would have Cai’er manufacture written documents to be given to the various powers, detailing what happened . This will give them a more direct understanding about the situation in the frontlines .

This would also make the various powers feel more involved in the fight and not too distant to what was happening .

While the Divine Race and Zhao Hai’s army were resting, the Demons were doing the contrary . The Demon Dragon King had received word that the Divine Race had already made their move . Upon receiving this information, the Demon Dragon King immediately convened his officers and notified them about the Divine Race’s action .

When they heard that the Divine Race had made their move, the various officers couldn’t help but be excited . One of them said, “Good, the Divine Race finally attacked! Your Highness, when do we advance?”

The Demon Dragon King was also smiling, he replied, “It has already been a few days since the Divine Race advanced . We might not know what happened, but there was no movement in Rising Sun City . I suspect that those left there are only the human army . Zhao Hai shouldn’t have the time to block our advance . Our opportunity has arrived!”

The group cheered . The Demon Dragon King looked at the group and said, “The sooner we dispatch the troops, the greater the advantage we can gain . At the same time, we must prepare to deal with the Divine Race . Just as Zhao Hai said, they might not agree to divine the Continent . We don’t agree to divide it as well . The strength of the Divine Race is no less than ours . Everybody should prepare well . ”

The group simultaneously made a shout . However, each one of them still had their happy expression . The Demon Dragon King faintly smiled and said, “Go back to your armies . After one hour, we depart . Our target, Rising Sun City!” The group gave another loud shout before they turned around and left .

There was no Demon who came to the Ark Continent that didnt’ want to attack . This was because all of them wanted to make the Ark Continent their territory as soon as possible . After staying here for one day, nobody wanted to return to the Demon Realm .





After one hour, the Demon Army was fully prepared . And with the command from the Demon Dragon King, close to 30 million Demons left the Demonic Abyss, heading straight towards Rising Sun City .

However, the moment the Demons moved, Zhao Hai already ordered everyone inside Rising Sun City to leave . Nobody was left inside as they transitioned into doing guerilla tactics .

Using their harassment methods on the Demons should be more convenient compared to the Divine Race . This was because the Demon army didn’t have as much God-rank experts, so not a lot can support a Domain to block the blood lightning beads . Because of this, Zhao Hai held more confidence in dealing with the Demon Race .

Before long, the first round of harassment came . The Demons were not like the Divine Race, they don’t have as much God ranks . However, the abundance of God ranks and their Domains made the Divine Race think that long ranged weapons weren’t that important . On the other hand, since the Demons had 8th to 9th ranks, they equipped themselves with bows, javelins, and other throwable weapons . After losing more than ten thousand people in the first attack, the Demon Dragon King immediately made an adjustment . Those with ranged weapons would be placed on the outskirts of the Demon Army . Moreover, as soon as they saw the Humans, they immediately threw their weapons . This arrangement actually caused some casualties among the Human Race’s cavalry .

This caused Zhao Hai a headache . He didn’t expect the Demon Race’s archery to be this strong . Moreover, their firing distance was quite far . Because of this, Zhao Hai was very dissatisfied . Although they were still causing trouble for the Demons, Zhao Hai was still not happy .

This move by the Demons further pushed the importance of the formation plates . Zhao Hai discussed the matter with Karen, making them produce a working prototype as soon as possible . And with the Dwarves’ help, they need to make one at the quickest time possible .

Shortly after the Demons moved, the Divine Race had finished their rest and continued to charge towards the heart of the Ark Continent .

This time, Zhao Hai has to face enemies on two fronts . However, he was already prepared for this outcome . He immediately sent the undead that was handed over to him and harassed the Divine Race . On the other hand, there was no substitution for the Demons . The cavalry units still attacked them . Even if the damage made was low, at least the Demons weren’t advancing smoothly .

At this time, Lizzy and Megan led the undead and the other armies of the continent to deal with the light cavalry army .





At this time, Lizzy and Megan led the undead and the other armies of the continent to deal with the light cavalry army .

The number of people assigned to the winged pegasus cavalry was about 7 million . Because of how fast the light cavalry units were and the fact that almost nobody can catch up to them, there were no other race that was placed in this army .

Zhao Hai actually wanted to use the winged pegasus as a mount for the cavalry . This was because they were very mobile .

However, Zhao Hai’s Space had just acquired some winged pegasus . It would be impossible to fit every cavalry unit with one . Although the Space can speed up the breeding of these winged pegasus, to reach a proper number was still far off .

Thunder Yun noticed that Zhao Hai had changed his way of attack . Before, their attackers were composed of Human soldiers, but now they were replaced by undead . These undead were also very fast, and their usage of javelins was actually more proficient and lethal compared to the Human soldiers .

Naturally, Thunder Yun wasn’t aware that the armies of the continent had just been promoted to 9th-rank, so they weren’t too proficient with their strength . On the other hand, the undead had already underwent battles in their current state, so they were more used to their bodies compared to the recently promoted soldiers . It was no wonder that the undead were more proficient in using the javelins .

But what worried Thunder Yun the most was how quick Zhao Hai was able to adjust . Zhao Hai was just too fast, it was as though he immediately figured out that the Divine Race had a way to deal with the Human cavalry . Just as Laura said, the javelins and the stones might be effective against living cavalry, but were less useful against the undead . Unless the javelin or stones hit exact places, the undead would remain unscatherd . The projectiles would just go through their bones as they continued to fight .

Moreover, Zhao Hai’s undead had self regeneration and pseudo-vitality . As long as their souls weren’t extinguished, these undead would stay immortal . In this case, the javelins and stones were rendered close to useless .

Thundery Yun didn’t know whether Zhao Hai was aware of their actions or this arrangement was just done in pure coincidence .

If Zhao Hai knew that the Divine Race planned to use javelins and stones, and promptly used his undead, then this meant that Zhao Hai had means to constantly look into the state of the Divine Race army .





If Zhao Hai knew that the Divine Race planned to use javelins and stones, and promptly used his undead, then this meant that Zhao Hai had means to constantly look into the state of the Divine Race army .

While thinking about this possibility, Thunder Yun couldn’t help but be startled . He immediately scouted the surroundings, looking for places where people could hide .

However, they found nothing . This action only made their march slower, which allowed Zhao Hai more time . What Zhao Hai needed is time, time to eliminate the winged pegasus army, to research magic formations, to finish constructing the defensive line at Accra Mountain, and to promote more people to God-rank .

Naturally, Zhao Hai will not let the Divine Race go just because they slowed their advance . The undead cavalry remained and continued to harass the Divine Race army . Because the undead were never tired and didn’t need to eat nor drink, they attacked non-stop . And as soon as they reached the Divine Race’s line of fire, Zhao Hai would immediately take them into the Space . He would release them once more when their turn to attack comes .

Thunder Yun’s army was now advancing at the speed of a turtle . It would only need about three to four hours if one were to fly from city to city . However, it has already been five hours since Thunder Yun’s army left Upper Bank City, yet they were still halfway to the next city .

Zhao Hai was very satisfied with this result . He was currently making every effort he could in order to delay the Demon and the Divine Race . After Lizzy and Megan eliminates the light cavalry army, Zhao Hai would then be able to allocate more resources into crippling the advance of the two enemy parties . At the same time, Zhao Hai had a more sinister idea in his mind . He would go and attack their rear!

As long as manpower gets available, Zhao Hai will have the undead winged pegasus army attack the cities in the Radiant Empire in the guise of zombies . When that time comes, Zhao Hai wanted to see whether the Divine Race would retreat or not .

Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t think about driving the Divine Race back to the Divine Realm, that was just impossible to do . After seeing the giants, the winged pegasus, and the heavy armor cavalry, Zhao Hai knew that the Divine Race had already conquered several smaller planes . And in their operation in the Ark Continent, it was certain that they had made the proper preparations . To drive them back to the Divine Realm in such a short time was just not possible .

However, attacking the Radiant Empire still had its own advantages . First, they could compel the Divine Race army to retreat . Second, they would be able to acquire those large magic cannons and have them researched . And third, they would be able to get some green skinned creatures and ask them about the matters of the Divine Race .

But all of these relied on time . As long as Zhao Hai had time, he can make sure that the Divine Race never reached Accra Mountains .



However, attacking the Radiant Empire still had its own advantages . First, they could compel the Divine Race army to retreat . Second, they would be able to acquire those large magic cannons and have them researched . And third, they would be able to get some green skinned creatures and ask them about the matters of the Divine Race .

But all of these relied on time . As long as Zhao Hai had time, he can make sure that the Divine Race never reached Accra Mountains .

The construction in Accra Mountain had increased a lot . It will become a permanent defensive line, so Zhao Hai’s requirements for it were very strict . Not only does it need magical formations, the materials needed to be selected properly as well . In addition to being resistant to physical damage, the materials needed to resist magic attacks as well as have magical effects . That is to say, using magic to break these materials was just plainly impossible .

Take Upper Bank City, for example . The city had a very good defensive formation, providing the walls with defense against magic . However, after the formation was broken, the walls were susceptible to being turned into golems by using earth magic . The walls will become weapons to attack the city’s defenders .

This situation needs to be prevented in Accra Mountains . Instead of stones, Zhao Hai asked for concrete to be used in making the walls . This concrete was different to the concrete back on Earth . The materials used for Ark Continent’s concrete comprised of things like gravel, rice milk, and some other things . Naturally, combining these things would need magic .

In the Ark Continent, magic-mage materials weren’t rare . There were a lot of materials that can be made using magic, but they weren’t used much in the past years . Only in making Imperial Palaces did these materials appear . Making concrete using magic was an idea that Zhao Hai had proposed .

Moreover, Zhao Hai had another requirement for the Accra Mountains . The defense lines must be done outward . This meant that the defense will be focused on the Buddha Empire . As for the Lyon Empire’s side, no defense shall be made .

The reason that Zhao Hai made this decision was because he was afraid that if Accra Mountain fell, then its defense would be turned against the Ark Continent . If Zhao Hai made both sides of the mountain defensive, then the Divine Race or the Demon Race might use it as a forward base against the Ark Continent . When that time comes, reclaiming the land would become much more difficult .

This method had its advantages and disadvantages, but Zhao Hai can only do it . Before doing so, he also discussed this matter with the Buddha Emperor . He wanted to make it clear that this arrangement wasn’t against the Buddha Empire, but to the invaders instead .

 Chapter 775 The Demon Race Moves, War On Two Fronts Zhao Hai had also changed his methods from before . He now reported everything that happened in the frontlines . He would have Cai er manufacture written documents to be given to the various powers, detailing what happened . This will give them a more direct understanding about the situation in the frontlines . This would also make the various powers feel more involved in the fight and not too distant to what was happening . While the Divine Race and Zhao Hai s army were resting, the Demons were doing the contrary . The Demon Dragon King had received word that the Divine Race had already made their move . Upon receiving this information, the Demon Dragon King immediately convened his officers and notified them about the Divine Race s action . When they heard that the Divine Race had made their move, the various officers couldn t help but be excited . One of them said, Good, the Divine Race finally attacked Your Highness, when do we advance The Demon Dragon King was also smiling, he replied, It has already been a few days since the Divine Race advanced . We might not know what happened, but there was no movement in Rising Sun City . I suspect that those left there are only the human army . Zhao Hai shouldn t have the time to block our advance . Our opportunity has arrived The group cheered . The Demon Dragon King looked at the group and said, The sooner we dispatch the troops, the greater the advantage we can gain . At the same time, we must prepare to deal with the Divine Race . Just as Zhao Hai said, they might not agree to divine the Continent . We don t agree to divide it as well . The strength of the Divine Race is no less than ours . Everybody should prepare well . The group simultaneously made a shout . However, each one of them still had their happy expression . The Demon Dragon King faintly smiled and said, Go back to your armies . After one hour, we depart . Our target, Rising Sun City The group gave another loud shout before they turned around and left . There was no Demon who came to the Ark Continent that didnt want to attack . This was because all of them wanted to make the Ark Continent their territory as soon as possible . After staying here for one day, nobody wanted to return to the Demon Realm . After one hour, the Demon Army was fully prepared . And with the command from the Demon Dragon King, close to 30 million Demons left the Demonic Abyss, heading straight towards Rising Sun City . However, the moment the Demons moved, Zhao Hai already ordered everyone inside Rising Sun City to leave . Nobody was left inside as they transitioned into doing guerilla tactics . Using their harassment methods on the Demons should be more convenient compared to the Divine Race . This was because the Demon army didn t have as much God rank experts, so not a lot can support a Domain to block the blood lightning beads . Because of this, Zhao Hai held more confidence in dealing with the Demon Race . Before long, the first round of harassment came . The Demons were not like the Divine Race, they don t have as much God ranks . However, the abundance of God ranks and their Domains made the Divine Race think that long ranged weapons weren t that important . On the other hand, since the Demons had 8th to 9th ranks, they equipped themselves with bows, javelins, and other throwable weapons . After losing more than ten thousand people in the first attack, the Demon Dragon King immediately made an adjustment . Those with ranged weapons would be placed on the outskirts of the Demon Army . Moreover, as soon as they saw the Humans, they immediately threw their weapons . This arrangement actually caused some casualties among the Human Race s cavalry . This caused Zhao Hai a headache . He didn t expect the Demon Race s archery to be this strong . Moreover, their firing distance was quite far . Because of this, Zhao Hai was very dissatisfied . Although they were still causing trouble for the Demons, Zhao Hai was still not happy . This move by the Demons further pushed the importance of the formation plates . Zhao Hai discussed the matter with Karen, making them produce a working prototype as soon as possible . And with the Dwarves help, they need to make one at the quickest time possible . Shortly after the Demons moved, the Divine Race had finished their rest and continued to charge towards the heart of the Ark Continent . This time, Zhao Hai has to face enemies on two fronts . However, he was already prepared for this outcome . He immediately sent the undead that was handed over to him and harassed the Divine Race . On the other hand, there was no substitution for the Demons . The cavalry units still attacked them . Even if the damage made was low, at least the Demons weren t advancing smoothly . At this time, Lizzy and Megan led the undead and the other armies of the continent to deal with the light cavalry army . The number of people assigned to the winged pegasus cavalry was about 7 million . Because of how fast the light cavalry units were and the fact that almost nobody can catch up to them, there were no other race that was placed in this army . Zhao Hai actually wanted to use the winged pegasus as a mount for the cavalry . This was because they were very mobile . However, Zhao Hai s Space had just acquired some winged pegasus . It would be impossible to fit every cavalry unit with one . Although the Space can speed up the breeding of these winged pegasus, to reach a proper number was still far off . Thunder Yun noticed that Zhao Hai had changed his way of attack . Before, their attackers were composed of Human soldiers, but now they were replaced by undead . These undead were also very fast, and their usage of javelins was actually more proficient and lethal compared to the Human soldiers . Naturally, Thunder Yun wasn t aware that the armies of the continent had just been promoted to 9th rank, so they weren t too proficient with their strength . On the other hand, the undead had already underwent battles in their current state, so they were more used to their bodies compared to the recently promoted soldiers . It was no wonder that the undead were more proficient in using the javelins . But what worried Thunder Yun the most was how quick Zhao Hai was able to adjust . Zhao Hai was just too fast, it was as though he immediately figured out that the Divine Race had a way to deal with the Human cavalry . Just as Laura said, the javelins and the stones might be effective against living cavalry, but were less useful against the undead . Unless the javelin or stones hit exact places, the undead would remain unscatherd . The projectiles would just go through their bones as they continued to fight . Moreover, Zhao Hai s undead had self regeneration and pseudo vitality . As long as their souls weren t extinguished, these undead would stay immortal . In this case, the javelins and stones were rendered close to useless . Thundery Yun didn t know whether Zhao Hai was aware of their actions or this arrangement was just done in pure coincidence . If Zhao Hai knew that the Divine Race planned to use javelins and stones, and promptly used his undead, then this meant that Zhao Hai had means to constantly look into the state of the Divine Race army . While thinking about this possibility, Thunder Yun couldn t help but be startled . He immediately scouted the surroundings, looking for places where people could hide . However, they found nothing . This action only made their march slower, which allowed Zhao Hai more time . What Zhao Hai needed is time, time to eliminate the winged pegasus army, to research magic formations, to finish constructing the defensive line at Accra Mountain, and to promote more people to God rank . Naturally, Zhao Hai will not let the Divine Race go just because they slowed their advance . The undead cavalry remained and continued to harass the Divine Race army . Because the undead were never tired and didn t need to eat nor drink, they attacked non stop . And as soon as they reached the Divine Race s line of fire, Zhao Hai would immediately take them into the Space . He would release them once more when their turn to attack comes . Thunder Yun s army was now advancing at the speed of a turtle . It would only need about three to four hours if one were to fly from city to city . However, it has already been five hours since Thunder Yun s army left Upper Bank City, yet they were still halfway to the next city . Zhao Hai was very satisfied with this result . He was currently making every effort he could in order to delay the Demon and the Divine Race . After Lizzy and Megan eliminates the light cavalry army, Zhao Hai would then be able to allocate more resources into crippling the advance of the two enemy parties . At the same time, Zhao Hai had a more sinister idea in his mind . He would go and attack their rear As long as manpower gets available, Zhao Hai will have the undead winged pegasus army attack the cities in the Radiant Empire in the guise of zombies . When that time comes, Zhao Hai wanted to see whether the Divine Race would retreat or not . Naturally, Zhao Hai didn t think about driving the Divine Race back to the Divine Realm, that was just impossible to do . After seeing the giants, the winged pegasus, and the heavy armor cavalry, Zhao Hai knew that the Divine Race had already conquered several smaller planes . And in their operation in the Ark Continent, it was certain that they had made the proper preparations . To drive them back to the Divine Realm in such a short time was just not possible . However, attacking the Radiant Empire still had its own advantages . First, they could compel the Divine Race army to retreat . Second, they would be able to acquire those large magic cannons and have them researched . And third, they would be able to get some green skinned creatures and ask them about the matters of the Divine Race . But all of these relied on time . As long as Zhao Hai had time, he can make sure that the Divine Race never reached Accra Mountains . The construction in Accra Mountain had increased a lot . It will become a permanent defensive line, so Zhao Hai s requirements for it were very strict . Not only does it need magical formations, the materials needed to be selected properly as well . In addition to being resistant to physical damage, the materials needed to resist magic attacks as well as have magical effects . That is to say, using magic to break these materials was just plainly impossible . Take Upper Bank City, for example . The city had a very good defensive formation, providing the walls with defense against magic . However, after the formation was broken, the walls were susceptible to being turned into golems by using earth magic . The walls will become weapons to attack the city s defenders . This situation needs to be prevented in Accra Mountains . Instead of stones, Zhao Hai asked for concrete to be used in making the walls . This concrete was different to the concrete back on Earth . The materials used for Ark Continent s concrete comprised of things like gravel, rice milk, and some other things . Naturally, combining these things would need magic . In the Ark Continent, magic mage materials weren t rare . There were a lot of materials that can be made using magic, but they weren t used much in the past years . Only in making Imperial Palaces did these materials appear . Making concrete using magic was an idea that Zhao Hai had proposed . Moreover, Zhao Hai had another requirement for the Accra Mountains . The defense lines must be done outward . This meant that the defense will be focused on the Buddha Empire . As for the Lyon Empire s side, no defense shall be made . The reason that Zhao Hai made this decision was because he was afraid that if Accra Mountain fell, then its defense would be turned against the Ark Continent . If Zhao Hai made both sides of the mountain defensive, then the Divine Race or the Demon Race might use it as a forward base against the Ark Continent . When that time comes, reclaiming the land would become much more difficult . This method had its advantages and disadvantages, but Zhao Hai can only do it . Before doing so, he also discussed this matter with the Buddha Emperor . He wanted to make it clear that this arrangement wasn t against the Buddha Empire, but to the invaders instead .





* * *





Chapter 776 – Skill

In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t consider the people of the Ark Continent in his decisions . The only things in his mind was the Buda Clan, everything is for the betterment of the clan .

But in his current position, he found out that there were more things to consider . Just take the matter with the Accra Mountains, for example . If it wasn’t properly taken care of, then it might result in the dissatisfaction of the Buddha Empire .

Although the Buddha Empire had moved to the Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai had to hand a city over to the Buddha Emperor . This was done in order for the Emperor to be able to rule his people . One could see how sensitive matters like these were to the Buddha Empire’s people .

Even if they were forced to leave their country, this only intensified their feelings about it . By making a demarcation in the Accra Mountains, Zhao Hai just cut the continent into two . The internal part would start from the Lyon Empire and then moving forward . The outer part would be the Buddha Empire and the Radiant Empire . Those people in the internal part naturally wouldn’t have any issues with this . After all, this was done in order to combat the Demons and the Divine Race .

On the other hand, this decision would make the people of the Buddha Empire feel bitter . Cultivating the Accra Mountains as a wall made the people of the Buddha Empire think that Zhao Hai had already abandoned their home . This was akin to handing the Buddha Empire over to the Demons and the Divine Race .

This didn’t even include what the Buddha Emperor would think . If Zhao Hai were to repel the Demons and the Divine Race one day, then the Accra Mountain defense could be seen as a protective guard against the Buddha Empire .





Because he was afraid of the Buddha Emperor having this idea, Zhao Hai talked this matter with him when the construction started . He even promised the Buddha Emperor that once the Demons and the Divine Race were expelled, the Lyon Empire would not place any garrison troops inside Accra Mountains .

All of this was made in the name of stability . Only when everything was stable would the fight in the frontlines be smooth .

Although the Buddha Empire’s people were living under refuge right now, their influence was still quite significant . This was because they had given up their country for the sake of the Ark Continent . Because of this, Zhao Hai needed to give them preferential treatment . Otherwise, the other nations would feel that Zhao Hai had been unfair .

The various Emperors were on the side of the Buddha Emperor . How Zhao Hai treated the Buddha Emperor right now would be how he would treat them in the future . These Emperors knew how strong the Demons and the Divine Race were, so they were aware that repelling them wouldn’t take a short time, it was just impossible .

They were afraid that a day would come where the invaders would rush over Accra Mountain’s defensive line . They were afraid that they would have the same fate as the Buddha Emperor . If Zhao Hai didn’t treat the Buddha Emperor well, then they wouldn’t be expecting Zhao Hai to treat them well in the future . Maybe they would even think that Zhao Hai would just eliminate them and consolidate control over the entire Ark Continent .

Although Zhao Hai’s present strength allows him to dethrone the Emperors and control the continent, he didn’t want to do this . The Emperors and Great Nobles had been ruling their respective subjects for several thousand years . It can be said that their influence in the continent had already been ingrained in the hearts of the people . Wanting to abolish their rule wouldn’t be very easy .

The reason why Zhao Hai was able to quickly control the Lyon Empire was because their Royal Family was killed by the Dragons . The strength of the Dragons had also left a huge impression on the commoners . So after Zhao Hai eliminated the Dragons, the Great Clans of the Lyon Empire had no choice but to become his subjects, otherwise they would face ruin in the hands of the commoners .





The reason why Zhao Hai was able to quickly control the Lyon Empire was because their Royal Family was killed by the Dragons . The strength of the Dragons had also left a huge impression on the commoners . So after Zhao Hai eliminated the Dragons, the Great Clans of the Lyon Empire had no choice but to become his subjects, otherwise they would face ruin in the hands of the commoners .

Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to tell the people of the continent about his arrangements . He had no choice, otherwise the aristocrats of the continent would unite against him . When that time comes, the whole continent would be plunged into chaos . Not to say about the Demons and the Divine Race, the continent might even disperse because of infighting . Zhao Hai had no choice but to consider all of these whenever he made a major action .

The reason why Zhao Hai can say that there would be no Lyon Empire garrison on Accra Mountains in the future was because he was still the Emperor of the Lyon Empire . One shouldn’t forget that the Buddha Empire and the Lyon Empire were divided by the Accra Mountain .

Not having garrison on the Accra Mountains might also mean that the defense would be handed over to the Buddha Empire . Naturally, the Buddha Emperor have no problems about this .

Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t want to hand the Accra Mountain over to the Buddha Empire nor would it be under the hands of the Lyon Empire . After they repel the Demons and the Divine Race, Zhao Hai plans to hand the defensive line over to the Dwarves and the Elves .

The passage between the Dwarf Mountain and Elven forest passes below the Mountains . If either the Buddha Empire or the Lyon Empire takes control of the mountains, then this would mean that they would have a certain influence over the Elves and the Dwarves .

Naturally, he wouldn’t tell this plan . He just told the Buddha Emperor that there would be no Lyon Empire soldiers stationed on the mountain after the war . However, he didn’t explicitly say that the mountain would be handed over to the Buddha Empire . If the Buddha Emperor thinks so, then that won’t be Zhao Hai’s problem anymore .

This was a type of deception, a deception that must be used since it was necessary . After all, the Buddha Empire wasn’t loyal to Zhao Hai . Therefore, some small deceptions needed to be made in order to achieve certain goals .





This was a type of deception, a deception that must be used since it was necessary . After all, the Buddha Empire wasn’t loyal to Zhao Hai . Therefore, some small deceptions needed to be made in order to achieve certain goals .

Besides the frontline and backline matters, Zhao Hai also took care of the reports that Cai’er would send . In addition to the heads of the powers, these reports would also be read aloud in various cities . This would allow the commoners to know about the situation in the frontline .

Zhao Hai still continued to stabilize the spirit of the people . Just like how he needed to appease the heads of states, he also needed to make sure that there weren’t wrong rumors going about among the populace . Rumors like ‘the frontlines couldn’t defend, ‘Zhao Hai is heavily injured’, and ‘The Demons and the Divine Race have come’ needed to be quelled .

Nonsense rumors like these would only cause anxiety to the people . Moreover, there were also a lot of soldiers in the continent that were originally commoners . Therefore, these people needed to be made aware of the war’s progress .

The reason why Zhao Hai didn’t bother doing this before was because he was yet to transfer troops from the continent into the Buddha Empire at a large scale . At that time, the people involved in the war were only those who were from the Buddha Empire, some armies from the three Empires, and groups from the other races .

However, now was different, Zhao Hai was mobilizing the entire Ark Continent . Although he had improved the strength of the soldiers, it was still impossible for them to not be worried about the frontlines . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to read out the reports to the civilians, informing them about the war .

Zhao Hai was not afraid that his plans would be exposed to the Demons and the Divine Race . After all, what he was doing was just stalling the enemies . It was a kind of information that nobody can make use of . The enemies might know about his plan, however, what can they do about it?

Whether it be the Demons or the Divine Race, both of them were subjected to Zhao Hai’s delaying tactics . Zhao Hai used his undead for the Divine Race while the cavalries were used against the Demons . This arrangement was right . Although the strength of the Demon army wasn’t that great, they were beings completely unafraid of death . With their powerful life force, even general 9th ranks from the continent would be unable to play around with them .



Zhao Hai was not afraid that his plans would be exposed to the Demons and the Divine Race . After all, what he was doing was just stalling the enemies . It was a kind of information that nobody can make use of . The enemies might know about his plan, however, what can they do about it?

Whether it be the Demons or the Divine Race, both of them were subjected to Zhao Hai’s delaying tactics . Zhao Hai used his undead for the Divine Race while the cavalries were used against the Demons . This arrangement was right . Although the strength of the Demon army wasn’t that great, they were beings completely unafraid of death . With their powerful life force, even general 9th ranks from the continent would be unable to play around with them .

Although using the cavalry against the Demons caused some lives to be lost, it was still better than facing the Divine Race . Zhao Hai can imagine the large losses that would be met if he continued to use the cavalry units against the Divine Race .

The javelins and stones from the Divine Race were very lethal . Even undead fell to them, much less actual living people .

Actually, the heavy cavalry unit can be said to be the most appropriate enemy against the Divine Race . Their inborn strength would bring them more throwing distance compared to the others . They might even compare to the Divine Race’s projectiles .

However, Zhao Hai cannot send them right now because he needed to deal with the winged pegasus cavalry . Once Zhao Hai sends the heavy cavalry, the Divine Race would know that Zhao Hai was planning on dealing with the winged pegasus cavalry next . This would allow the Divine Race to adjust their strategy, making the situation unfavorable for Zhao Hai . Therefore, Zhao Hai could only use the undead to deal with the Divine Race . Fortunately, the undead were already enough to slow the advance of Thunder Yun’s center army .

The Demons and the Divine Race were still advancing, but their rate of advancement was horribly slow . The Divine Race wasn’t expecting this move from Zhao Hai, they didn’t bring too much supplies when they left the Radiant Empire . Although their supplies can lest them for another one or two days, it was already clear that their supplies wouldn’t last for too long . When they decided to get supplies from the Radiant Empire, then that would be the time where Zhao Hai’s undead cavalry would make their attack .

Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the moves of the two armies . Now, 24 hours had almost passed by, Zhao Hai was preparing to unleash the blood devouring mosquitoes once more . When the time is up, the mosquitoes would be released immediately . This time, the blood devouring mosquitoes wouldn’t only assault the Divine Race, they would go for the Demons as well .

 Chapter 776 Skill In the past, Zhao Hai didn t consider the people of the Ark Continent in his decisions . The only things in his mind was the Buda Clan, everything is for the betterment of the clan . But in his current position, he found out that there were more things to consider . Just take the matter with the Accra Mountains, for example . If it wasn t properly taken care of, then it might result in the dissatisfaction of the Buddha Empire . Although the Buddha Empire had moved to the Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai had to hand a city over to the Buddha Emperor . This was done in order for the Emperor to be able to rule his people . One could see how sensitive matters like these were to the Buddha Empire s people . Even if they were forced to leave their country, this only intensified their feelings about it . By making a demarcation in the Accra Mountains, Zhao Hai just cut the continent into two . The internal part would start from the Lyon Empire and then moving forward . The outer part would be the Buddha Empire and the Radiant Empire . Those people in the internal part naturally wouldn t have any issues with this . After all, this was done in order to combat the Demons and the Divine Race . On the other hand, this decision would make the people of the Buddha Empire feel bitter . Cultivating the Accra Mountains as a wall made the people of the Buddha Empire think that Zhao Hai had already abandoned their home . This was akin to handing the Buddha Empire over to the Demons and the Divine Race . This didn t even include what the Buddha Emperor would think . If Zhao Hai were to repel the Demons and the Divine Race one day, then the Accra Mountain defense could be seen as a protective guard against the Buddha Empire . Because he was afraid of the Buddha Emperor having this idea, Zhao Hai talked this matter with him when the construction started . He even promised the Buddha Emperor that once the Demons and the Divine Race were expelled, the Lyon Empire would not place any garrison troops inside Accra Mountains . All of this was made in the name of stability . Only when everything was stable would the fight in the frontlines be smooth . Although the Buddha Empire s people were living under refuge right now, their influence was still quite significant . This was because they had given up their country for the sake of the Ark Continent . Because of this, Zhao Hai needed to give them preferential treatment . Otherwise, the other nations would feel that Zhao Hai had been unfair . The various Emperors were on the side of the Buddha Emperor . How Zhao Hai treated the Buddha Emperor right now would be how he would treat them in the future . These Emperors knew how strong the Demons and the Divine Race were, so they were aware that repelling them wouldn t take a short time, it was just impossible . They were afraid that a day would come where the invaders would rush over Accra Mountain s defensive line . They were afraid that they would have the same fate as the Buddha Emperor . If Zhao Hai didn t treat the Buddha Emperor well, then they wouldn t be expecting Zhao Hai to treat them well in the future . Maybe they would even think that Zhao Hai would just eliminate them and consolidate control over the entire Ark Continent . Although Zhao Hai s present strength allows him to dethrone the Emperors and control the continent, he didn t want to do this . The Emperors and Great Nobles had been ruling their respective subjects for several thousand years . It can be said that their influence in the continent had already been ingrained in the hearts of the people . Wanting to abolish their rule wouldn t be very easy . The reason why Zhao Hai was able to quickly control the Lyon Empire was because their Royal Family was killed by the Dragons . The strength of the Dragons had also left a huge impression on the commoners . So after Zhao Hai eliminated the Dragons, the Great Clans of the Lyon Empire had no choice but to become his subjects, otherwise they would face ruin in the hands of the commoners . Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to tell the people of the continent about his arrangements . He had no choice, otherwise the aristocrats of the continent would unite against him . When that time comes, the whole continent would be plunged into chaos . Not to say about the Demons and the Divine Race, the continent might even disperse because of infighting . Zhao Hai had no choice but to consider all of these whenever he made a major action . The reason why Zhao Hai can say that there would be no Lyon Empire garrison on Accra Mountains in the future was because he was still the Emperor of the Lyon Empire . One shouldn t forget that the Buddha Empire and the Lyon Empire were divided by the Accra Mountain . Not having garrison on the Accra Mountains might also mean that the defense would be handed over to the Buddha Empire . Naturally, the Buddha Emperor have no problems about this . Actually, Zhao Hai didn t want to hand the Accra Mountain over to the Buddha Empire nor would it be under the hands of the Lyon Empire . After they repel the Demons and the Divine Race, Zhao Hai plans to hand the defensive line over to the Dwarves and the Elves . The passage between the Dwarf Mountain and Elven forest passes below the Mountains . If either the Buddha Empire or the Lyon Empire takes control of the mountains, then this would mean that they would have a certain influence over the Elves and the Dwarves . Naturally, he wouldn t tell this plan . He just told the Buddha Emperor that there would be no Lyon Empire soldiers stationed on the mountain after the war . However, he didn t explicitly say that the mountain would be handed over to the Buddha Empire . If the Buddha Emperor thinks so, then that won t be Zhao Hai s problem anymore . This was a type of deception, a deception that must be used since it was necessary . After all, the Buddha Empire wasn t loyal to Zhao Hai . Therefore, some small deceptions needed to be made in order to achieve certain goals . Besides the frontline and backline matters, Zhao Hai also took care of the reports that Cai er would send . In addition to the heads of the powers, these reports would also be read aloud in various cities . This would allow the commoners to know about the situation in the frontline . Zhao Hai still continued to stabilize the spirit of the people . Just like how he needed to appease the heads of states, he also needed to make sure that there weren t wrong rumors going about among the populace . Rumors like the frontlines couldn t defend, Zhao Hai is heavily injured , and The Demons and the Divine Race have come needed to be quelled . Nonsense rumors like these would only cause anxiety to the people . Moreover, there were also a lot of soldiers in the continent that were originally commoners . Therefore, these people needed to be made aware of the war s progress . The reason why Zhao Hai didn t bother doing this before was because he was yet to transfer troops from the continent into the Buddha Empire at a large scale . At that time, the people involved in the war were only those who were from the Buddha Empire, some armies from the three Empires, and groups from the other races . However, now was different, Zhao Hai was mobilizing the entire Ark Continent . Although he had improved the strength of the soldiers, it was still impossible for them to not be worried about the frontlines . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to read out the reports to the civilians, informing them about the war . Zhao Hai was not afraid that his plans would be exposed to the Demons and the Divine Race . After all, what he was doing was just stalling the enemies . It was a kind of information that nobody can make use of . The enemies might know about his plan, however, what can they do about it Whether it be the Demons or the Divine Race, both of them were subjected to Zhao Hai s delaying tactics . Zhao Hai used his undead for the Divine Race while the cavalries were used against the Demons . This arrangement was right . Although the strength of the Demon army wasn t that great, they were beings completely unafraid of death . With their powerful life force, even general 9th ranks from the continent would be unable to play around with them . Although using the cavalry against the Demons caused some lives to be lost, it was still better than facing the Divine Race . Zhao Hai can imagine the large losses that would be met if he continued to use the cavalry units against the Divine Race . The javelins and stones from the Divine Race were very lethal . Even undead fell to them, much less actual living people . Actually, the heavy cavalry unit can be said to be the most appropriate enemy against the Divine Race . Their inborn strength would bring them more throwing distance compared to the others . They might even compare to the Divine Race s projectiles . However, Zhao Hai cannot send them right now because he needed to deal with the winged pegasus cavalry . Once Zhao Hai sends the heavy cavalry, the Divine Race would know that Zhao Hai was planning on dealing with the winged pegasus cavalry next . This would allow the Divine Race to adjust their strategy, making the situation unfavorable for Zhao Hai . Therefore, Zhao Hai could only use the undead to deal with the Divine Race . Fortunately, the undead were already enough to slow the advance of Thunder Yun s center army . The Demons and the Divine Race were still advancing, but their rate of advancement was horribly slow . The Divine Race wasn t expecting this move from Zhao Hai, they didn t bring too much supplies when they left the Radiant Empire . Although their supplies can lest them for another one or two days, it was already clear that their supplies wouldn t last for too long . When they decided to get supplies from the Radiant Empire, then that would be the time where Zhao Hai s undead cavalry would make their attack . Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the moves of the two armies . Now, 24 hours had almost passed by, Zhao Hai was preparing to unleash the blood devouring mosquitoes once more . When the time is up, the mosquitoes would be released immediately . This time, the blood devouring mosquitoes wouldn t only assault the Divine Race, they would go for the Demons as well .





* * *





Chapter 777 – Thunder Yun’s Thoughts

It was more advantageous to use the mosquitoes during the night . Since it was still daytime, Zhao Hai only gathered them in the Space . When night comes, he would unleash them to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race .

Honestly, the time of day didn’t really affect the Demons and the Divine Race too much . However, even a small advantage needed to be used, so Zhao Hai chose to wait .

This time, he wouldn’t have the blood devouring mosquitoes attack on their own . Instead, Zhao Hai planned to have his cavalry carry on attacking as well . It was necessary to exhaust the Demons and the Divine Race as much as possible . When Lizzy and Megan eliminates the winged pegasus cavalry, then Zhao Hai would have more chess pieces to move on the board .

Eliminating the winged pegasus army would provide Zhao Hai with millions more undead . Once that gets accomplished, Zhao Hai would have more things to do with the cavalry . For example, he could completely disrupt the supply line of the Divine Race, he could even go and harass the Radiant Empire . On the other hand, there was no need to be afraid of the Demons . Although they were strong, they weren’t much stronger compared to the undead . If an undead dies, it would definitely take another Demon along with it . This trade of losses wasn’t something that the Demon Race can withstand .

Zhao Hai looked at the monitor while making orders towards the cavalry units from time to time . At the same time, he would also lead the undead in making their attacks .

Zhao Hai currently felt like he was playing a computer game back on Earth . On the screen were green and red dots . The red dots would be his people while the green ones represented the enemy . At this time, groups of red dots were advancing and retreating on the monitor .





There was also a huge mass of green dots . The smaller group of red dots would come in contact with these green dots once in a while, some green and red dots would vanish at each encounter .

Zhao Hai didn’t feel too much after seeing the red and green lights vanish . Although he knew that each dot that disappeared meant a life was ended, he understood that this was war . Loss of life was inevitable in these situations .

Aside from the Demons and the Divine Race’s camps, Zhao Hai was also paying attention to Lizzy and Megan . This didn’t mean that he was worried about their success, he knew that the two of them would succeed in this operation . What he was paying attention to was how long it would take to eliminate the winged pegasus army . The sooner they get killed, the more advantageous it would be for Zhao Hai .

But he didn’t urge Megan and Lizzy to go faster, he knew that the two were already doing their best . There was no benefit in making them anxious about their success .

The skies slowly turned dark, and Zhao Hai knew that the time to dish out huge damages had come . He immediately had his cavalry units withdraw for some time so that they would be in their best condition when night came .

Actually, these cavalry units weren’t very tired at all . After a group attacks the Demons, they would just retreat and resupply while at the same time taking a rest .

Zhao Hai’s arrangement was to keep them in the best condition . And now that casualties were happening, Zhao Hai took their corpses and kept them, not turning them into undead . On the other hand, the dead ferghana horses were turned into undead . Not only would they keep their strength, their endurance would also be improved by a lot .

As the skies turned dark, the Divine Race were also beginning to get their guards up . First was because undead creatures can display 120% of their strength during the night . Second, because the Divine Race were expecting the blood devouring mosquitoes .





As the skies turned dark, the Divine Race were also beginning to get their guards up . First was because undead creatures can display 120% of their strength during the night . Second, because the Divine Race were expecting the blood devouring mosquitoes .

They were terrified by yesterday’s attack . Although they had thought about means to deal with the mosquitoes, the mere idea of the attack made them extremely uneasy .

After seeing the wave of undead retreat, Thunder Yun turned to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, how many attacks did we receive today?”

Fei’er turned to Thunder Yun and smiled bitterly, “Forgive me master, I lost count . ”

Thunder Yun smiled bitterly as well, he couldn’t blame Fei’er . The undead attacks that they received was just too much . Just as one ten thousand troop retreated, another would come . In this case, it would be strange if they had kept count .

After watching the sky, Thunder Yun immediately said, “Spread this order, immediately find a place to rest and arrange sentries . Have everyone be extra careful . If the blood devouring mosquitoes are indeed under the enemy’s control, then they would come back this evening . ”

Fei’er nodded and then went to arrange it . Thunder Yun looked at the horizon with a worried look . Since their advance was slowed, Thunder Yun took the chance and observed the undead .

After looking at the teams of undead that Zhao Hai sent, Thunder Yun had discovered that there weren’t a lot of them, probably about a few million . Thunder Yun was assured of this conclusion because he can see the same faces among the undead from time to time . After his calculations, Thunder Yun reckoned that there shouldn’t be more than 5 million undead .





After looking at the teams of undead that Zhao Hai sent, Thunder Yun had discovered that there weren’t a lot of them, probably about a few million . Thunder Yun was assured of this conclusion because he can see the same faces among the undead from time to time . After his calculations, Thunder Yun reckoned that there shouldn’t be more than 5 million undead .

However, from the information that he acquired from Cloud Ying, Zhao Hai had a minimum of 20 million undead . He only used 5 million this time, where did the others go?

More than 10 million undead wasn’t small, but they haven’t appeared yet . Thunder Yun thought of the various implications of this information .

After the Divine Race army stopped, they immediately built rooms with earth magic . Thunder Yun also had a command center made . Once inside the hall, Thunder Yun had Fei’er sound the drums .

When all the generals arrived, Thunder Yun glanced at Cloud Yi and said, “Cloud Yi, sit on the third row . ”

Don’t underestimate this change of seating, this was essentially a promotion . When Cloud Yi heard Thunder Yun, he immediately stood up and sat on the third row . Everyone in the hall looked at Cloud Yi, but nobody said anything . Cloud Yi came up with the method to restrict the harassment . Although it wasn’t completely useful, it still played a big role . Getting a promotion at this time was normal .

Seeing that nobody opposed to it, Thunder Yun moved on, “Everyone should have noticed, the Ark Continent had changed from cavalry soldiers into undead . Does everybody know why?” The people in the room all frowned . Then Cloud Ying said, “There are two possibilities for this . One was coincidence, and the other is Zhao Hai knowing our plan . If it is the former, than we’ll be fine . But if it is the latter, then this means that every move we make would be known to the other party . And that isn’t good for our future plans . ”

When the generals heard this, their brows couldn’t help but wrinkle . They were experienced war veterans, but since they were too preoccupied with thinking about the undead, they had missed this point . After hearing Cloud Ying, all of them immediately understood .

Although they can understand what this meant, this was still very bad news . Knowing all of their actions wouldn’t bode too well for this conquest .



When the generals heard this, their brows couldn’t help but wrinkle . They were experienced war veterans, but since they were too preoccupied with thinking about the undead, they had missed this point . After hearing Cloud Ying, all of them immediately understood .

Although they can understand what this meant, this was still very bad news . Knowing all of their actions wouldn’t bode too well for this conquest .

Thunder Yun nodded and said, “Right, and I suspect that the second possibility is true . Our moved are under Zhao Hai’s surveillance . As for his methods, I have absolutely no idea . But there is one thing worries me more . ” After saying that, Thunder Yun scanned the group . All of them had unclear expressions aside from three people . They were Silver Shuke, Cloud Ying, and Cloud Yi .

Thunder Yun couldn’t help but nod after seeing the expression of the three . And among these three, the one who he favored the most was Cloud Yi .

Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke had fought with Zhao Hai before, so they were very clear about his strength . For them to discover the strangeness of the undead was quite normal . But Cloud Yi was different, he had not fought with Zhao Hai . In addition to his understanding now, he also managed to formulate a way to deal with the cavalry harassment . This meant that Cloud Yi had a powerful gift of observation .

However, Thunder Yun kept himself from asking Cloud Yi . He knew that if he asked Cloud Yi about this matter, then the others would think that he favored Cloud Yi and was planning to promote him even more . This wasn’t good for troop morale .

Cloud Yi’s promotion was because of his advice, so nobody would oppose this point . But if Thunder Yun were to blatantly give a promotion, then it would attract the envy of other people . When the time comes, Cloud Yi might even be bullied in the future, hindering his talent from growing any further . ”

Therefore, Thunder Yun turned to Silver Shuke and said, “Silver Shuke, tell me, did you notice anything strange about Zhao Hai’s action?”

 Chapter 777 Thunder Yun s Thoughts It was more advantageous to use the mosquitoes during the night . Since it was still daytime, Zhao Hai only gathered them in the Space . When night comes, he would unleash them to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race . Honestly, the time of day didn t really affect the Demons and the Divine Race too much . However, even a small advantage needed to be used, so Zhao Hai chose to wait . This time, he wouldn t have the blood devouring mosquitoes attack on their own . Instead, Zhao Hai planned to have his cavalry carry on attacking as well . It was necessary to exhaust the Demons and the Divine Race as much as possible . When Lizzy and Megan eliminates the winged pegasus cavalry, then Zhao Hai would have more chess pieces to move on the board . Eliminating the winged pegasus army would provide Zhao Hai with millions more undead . Once that gets accomplished, Zhao Hai would have more things to do with the cavalry . For example, he could completely disrupt the supply line of the Divine Race, he could even go and harass the Radiant Empire . On the other hand, there was no need to be afraid of the Demons . Although they were strong, they weren t much stronger compared to the undead . If an undead dies, it would definitely take another Demon along with it . This trade of losses wasn t something that the Demon Race can withstand . Zhao Hai looked at the monitor while making orders towards the cavalry units from time to time . At the same time, he would also lead the undead in making their attacks . Zhao Hai currently felt like he was playing a computer game back on Earth . On the screen were green and red dots . The red dots would be his people while the green ones represented the enemy . At this time, groups of red dots were advancing and retreating on the monitor . There was also a huge mass of green dots . The smaller group of red dots would come in contact with these green dots once in a while, some green and red dots would vanish at each encounter . Zhao Hai didn t feel too much after seeing the red and green lights vanish . Although he knew that each dot that disappeared meant a life was ended, he understood that this was war . Loss of life was inevitable in these situations . Aside from the Demons and the Divine Race s camps, Zhao Hai was also paying attention to Lizzy and Megan . This didn t mean that he was worried about their success, he knew that the two of them would succeed in this operation . What he was paying attention to was how long it would take to eliminate the winged pegasus army . The sooner they get killed, the more advantageous it would be for Zhao Hai . But he didn t urge Megan and Lizzy to go faster, he knew that the two were already doing their best . There was no benefit in making them anxious about their success . The skies slowly turned dark, and Zhao Hai knew that the time to dish out huge damages had come . He immediately had his cavalry units withdraw for some time so that they would be in their best condition when night came . Actually, these cavalry units weren t very tired at all . After a group attacks the Demons, they would just retreat and resupply while at the same time taking a rest . Zhao Hai s arrangement was to keep them in the best condition . And now that casualties were happening, Zhao Hai took their corpses and kept them, not turning them into undead . On the other hand, the dead ferghana horses were turned into undead . Not only would they keep their strength, their endurance would also be improved by a lot . As the skies turned dark, the Divine Race were also beginning to get their guards up . First was because undead creatures can display 120 of their strength during the night . Second, because the Divine Race were expecting the blood devouring mosquitoes . They were terrified by yesterday s attack . Although they had thought about means to deal with the mosquitoes, the mere idea of the attack made them extremely uneasy . After seeing the wave of undead retreat, Thunder Yun turned to Fei er and said, Fei er, how many attacks did we receive today Fei er turned to Thunder Yun and smiled bitterly, Forgive me master, I lost count . Thunder Yun smiled bitterly as well, he couldn t blame Fei er . The undead attacks that they received was just too much . Just as one ten thousand troop retreated, another would come . In this case, it would be strange if they had kept count . After watching the sky, Thunder Yun immediately said, Spread this order, immediately find a place to rest and arrange sentries . Have everyone be extra careful . If the blood devouring mosquitoes are indeed under the enemy s control, then they would come back this evening . Fei er nodded and then went to arrange it . Thunder Yun looked at the horizon with a worried look . Since their advance was slowed, Thunder Yun took the chance and observed the undead . After looking at the teams of undead that Zhao Hai sent, Thunder Yun had discovered that there weren t a lot of them, probably about a few million . Thunder Yun was assured of this conclusion because he can see the same faces among the undead from time to time . After his calculations, Thunder Yun reckoned that there shouldn t be more than 5 million undead . However, from the information that he acquired from Cloud Ying, Zhao Hai had a minimum of 20 million undead . He only used 5 million this time, where did the others go More than 10 million undead wasn t small, but they haven t appeared yet . Thunder Yun thought of the various implications of this information . After the Divine Race army stopped, they immediately built rooms with earth magic . Thunder Yun also had a command center made . Once inside the hall, Thunder Yun had Fei er sound the drums . When all the generals arrived, Thunder Yun glanced at Cloud Yi and said, Cloud Yi, sit on the third row . Don t underestimate this change of seating, this was essentially a promotion . When Cloud Yi heard Thunder Yun, he immediately stood up and sat on the third row . Everyone in the hall looked at Cloud Yi, but nobody said anything . Cloud Yi came up with the method to restrict the harassment . Although it wasn t completely useful, it still played a big role . Getting a promotion at this time was normal . Seeing that nobody opposed to it, Thunder Yun moved on, Everyone should have noticed, the Ark Continent had changed from cavalry soldiers into undead . Does everybody know why The people in the room all frowned . Then Cloud Ying said, There are two possibilities for this . One was coincidence, and the other is Zhao Hai knowing our plan . If it is the former, than we ll be fine . But if it is the latter, then this means that every move we make would be known to the other party . And that isn t good for our future plans . When the generals heard this, their brows couldn t help but wrinkle . They were experienced war veterans, but since they were too preoccupied with thinking about the undead, they had missed this point . After hearing Cloud Ying, all of them immediately understood . Although they can understand what this meant, this was still very bad news . Knowing all of their actions wouldn t bode too well for this conquest . Thunder Yun nodded and said, Right, and I suspect that the second possibility is true . Our moved are under Zhao Hai s surveillance . As for his methods, I have absolutely no idea . But there is one thing worries me more . After saying that, Thunder Yun scanned the group . All of them had unclear expressions aside from three people . They were Silver Shuke, Cloud Ying, and Cloud Yi . Thunder Yun couldn t help but nod after seeing the expression of the three . And among these three, the one who he favored the most was Cloud Yi . Cloud Ying and Silver Shuke had fought with Zhao Hai before, so they were very clear about his strength . For them to discover the strangeness of the undead was quite normal . But Cloud Yi was different, he had not fought with Zhao Hai . In addition to his understanding now, he also managed to formulate a way to deal with the cavalry harassment . This meant that Cloud Yi had a powerful gift of observation . However, Thunder Yun kept himself from asking Cloud Yi . He knew that if he asked Cloud Yi about this matter, then the others would think that he favored Cloud Yi and was planning to promote him even more . This wasn t good for troop morale . Cloud Yi s promotion was because of his advice, so nobody would oppose this point . But if Thunder Yun were to blatantly give a promotion, then it would attract the envy of other people . When the time comes, Cloud Yi might even be bullied in the future, hindering his talent from growing any further . Therefore, Thunder Yun turned to Silver Shuke and said, Silver Shuke, tell me, did you notice anything strange about Zhao Hai s action





* * *





Chapter 778 – Thunder Yun’s Plan

Thunder Yun decided to ask Silver Shuke and not Cloud Yi . This was because in the first fight with Zhao Hai, Silver Shuke was the first to fail, and he had been feeling bad about it .

In the beginning, Thunder Yun didn’t look too highly on Silver Shuke . But after these few days, Thunder Yun changed his mind . Zhao Hai really did have the strength to cause them losses . In this case, it wasn’t surprising for Silver Shuke to fail .

Because of this, Thunder Yun decided to help Silver Shuke out . He used this opportunity to ask him the question, giving him some credit and making it known that Thunder Yun wanted to use him in the future .

Silver Shuke didn’t expect Thunder Yun to say his name . He was stunned for a moment before a flash ran by his eyes, he immediately replied, “Yes, General . I noticed something strange . ”

After seeing Thunder Yun choose Silver Shuke, Cloud Ying and Cloud Yi couldn’t help but have a momentary look of disappointment in their eyes . Although their faces were serious, the change didn’t escape the eyes of Thunder Yun .





Thunder Yun didn’t say anything, he just looked at Silver Shuke and said, “Tell me . ”

Silver Shuke immediately replied, “General, from what I can see, the number of undead this time isn’t right . Zhao Hai has more than ten million undead, but the ones attacking us right now seem to number in the few millions . The number was just too small, and the others were nowhere to be seen . I think there are only two possibilities for this, the first one being the undead attacking our headquarters . Now that our army has departed, the forces back in the Radiant Empire wouldn’t be as good compared to before . Even if they couldn’t break the camp, they could at the very least cause some damage . However, we haven’t had any rescue letters in the past couple of days . This might be because the base hasn’t been attacked, or they couldn’t send a rescue letter . I think the former is more plausible . We still have a lot of strong soldiers in the camp, and it would be impossible for them to be unable to send a letter in case of the attack . Therefore, the base is still safe . ”

“The other possibility for the undead’s disappearance might be because they are dealing with the barbarians and the winged pegasus people . If they could indeed see our actions, then it is possible that they are already aware of the two armies . If that is really the case, then we might be in even more trouble . ”

Thunder Yun nodded, Silver Shuke’s analysis coincides with his own . But Thunder Yun discovered that Cloud Ying was still frowning, he probably had some words to say .

Thunder Yun looked at Cloud Ying and said, “Cloud Ying, do you have any other ideas? Say it . ”

Cloud Ying looked at Thunder Yun and nodded, “General, I have thought of another possibility . We know that the Demons have also come to the continent, and their fighting strength is also quite good . It’s certain that the Demons would dispatch their troops once they discover that we have made out more . Zhao Hai might have brought his undead to deal with the Demons . ”





Cloud Ying looked at Thunder Yun and nodded, “General, I have thought of another possibility . We know that the Demons have also come to the continent, and their fighting strength is also quite good . It’s certain that the Demons would dispatch their troops once they discover that we have made out more . Zhao Hai might have brought his undead to deal with the Demons . ”

Thunder Yun looked at Cloud Ying, then he smiled faintly and said, “That is correct as well . However, you have missed something . Zhao Hai replaced those cavalry units with the undead . And where are those cavalry units now? It would be impossible for Zhao Hai to just have them lying around . If he can harass us, then why can’t he do the same with the Demons? It’s more plausible that he had the cavalry deal with the Demons while his undead goes on and attacks the barbarians and the winged pegasus people . Zhao Hai’s only enemies are us and the Demons . And this time, I’m sure the Demons didn’t split their army like us . They arrived in the Ark Continent much earlier than us, so they should be more experienced when it came to Zhao Hai’s capabilities . And I also heard that the Demons aren’t as strong as us, therefore they couldn’t afford to split up their army . At this moment, in the Buddha Empire, Zhao Hai has four groups of enemies . The strongest two of those four are us and the Demon Army, the weaker ones are the barbarians and the winged pegasus army . Zhao Hai would surely eat the weaker ones first before going to deal with us . This is his safest and most beneficial method right now . ”

Everyone who listened to Thunder Yun’s breakdown started to believe his words . After all, Thunder Yun already had the qualifications to make speculations like these . Although he had eaten a loss lately, his status remained unchanged in the hearts of these people .

Therefore, everybody nodded at Thunder Yun’s analysis, nobody voiced opposition . Cloud Ying said, “The General is right, forgive me for being wrong . ”

Thunder Yun just waved his hand . Although he just said that the barbarians and the winged pegasus people were going to eliminated, he still had a calm look on his face . This made everyone confused .

Cloud Ying looked puzzled at Thunder Yun’s expression, so he asked, “Isn’t General worried about the barbarians and the winged pegasus army? Is the General confident in them beating Zhao Hai?”

Thunder Yun actually laughed before he answered, “How is that possible? Although I haven’t we haven’t had a true clash with Zhao Hai, his recent actions are already proof enough to how strong he is . How could the barbarians and winged pegasus armies be able to beat a person like him? If I haven’t guessed wrong, then the barbarians should have already been eliminated while the winged pegasus army shouldn’t last for long . However, this is exactly what I want . ”





Thunder Yun actually laughed before he answered, “How is that possible? Although I haven’t we haven’t had a true clash with Zhao Hai, his recent actions are already proof enough to how strong he is . How could the barbarians and winged pegasus armies be able to beat a person like him? If I haven’t guessed wrong, then the barbarians should have already been eliminated while the winged pegasus army shouldn’t last for long . However, this is exactly what I want . ”

Thunder Yun’s words made everyone present stare . Some of the more intelligent among them immediately understood what Thunder Yun meant .

Thunder Yun smiled faintly and said, “Does everyone understand? Cloud Yi, tell them . You look like your ass is on fire, you tell them what I mean . ” As soon as they heard Thunder Yun, the group couldn’t help but chuckle . The heavy emotions that they carried all this time seemed to slowly vanish .

Cloud Yi stood up and bowed to Thunder Yun before saying, “The general is talking about how vengeful both the barbarians and the winged pegasus people are . After the Divine Race subjugated them, they were still quite resistive to our rule . Therefore, when we asked them for troops this time, they initially refused . Although they gave us some troops, they only gave us two of their ordinary armies, no elites were included . But now that Zhao Hai had killed their people, these two would surely bear a grudge and send their elites over . When that time comes, we would be more relaxed in dealing with the Ark Continent . ”

Thunder Yun laughed and said “Good, correct . Just as Cloud Yi said, both the barbarians and winged pegasus clans bear deep grudges . They will surely retaliate against Zhao Hai now that he has killed their people . Once they send their forces, then we would have more powerful cannon fodder for our army . ”

The people in the hall smiled, their low morale had surged up . On the other hand, both Cloud Ying and Cloud Yi were looking at Thunder Yun with admiration . They knew that Thunder Yun’s purpose today was to raise morale .

Cloud Ying also understood Thunder Yun’s idea, he looked at Thunder Yun and said, “General, what do we do next?’



The people in the hall smiled, their low morale had surged up . On the other hand, both Cloud Ying and Cloud Yi were looking at Thunder Yun with admiration . They knew that Thunder Yun’s purpose today was to raise morale .

Cloud Ying also understood Thunder Yun’s idea, he looked at Thunder Yun and said, “General, what do we do next?’

Thunder Yun’s voice turned serious as he said, “In the last two days, the Ark Continent showed that they don’t intend to go directly against us, just resorting to harassment tactics and forcing us to be on the defense . Because of this, I plan to withdraw the troops tomorrow and see if the barbarians and winged pegasus people are indeed killed . If they are, then I will immediately send word to the two races, making them dispatch their troops . The winged pegasus mounts are insanely fast, there would be no way the mounts of the Ark Continent’s cavalry would catch up to them . Moreover, the barbarian elites are vastly stronger than the people in the Ark Continent . As long as the elites come, then we can deal with the Ark Continent in one go!”

If Thunder Yun hadn’t said his plan, then the morale might’ve drop when he suggested retreat . But since he made a cushion for himself, the situation became different . Now, instead of dropping, the moral actually increased . Those present were thinking that their retreat this time was done in order for them to mount an even stronger attack . They had been feeling suffocated from the attacks coming from the Ark Continent . Now, they couldn’t wait to go all out, this was the result that Thunder Yun wanted .

Being a good General doesn’t only depend on how many wins one can get, it also depends on how one deals with their adversary . Cloud Ying and Cloud Yin knew that if they were in Thunder Yun’s shoes, then they wouldn’t have a spectacular result as this . There were some times where a strategic defeat meant losing . But their retreat this time was different, they would retreat only because they were preparing to launch a better attack .

An example of this happened in the civil war after the Sino-Japanese war . It was when the party had to give up the headquarters at Yan’an . This might look like a big defeat . But this retreat had conserved the party’s strength . Moreover, it didn’t affect their morale at all . In the end, this move was marked as the party sacrificing Yan’an in order to acquire the whole of China .

 Chapter 778 Thunder Yun s Plan Thunder Yun decided to ask Silver Shuke and not Cloud Yi . This was because in the first fight with Zhao Hai, Silver Shuke was the first to fail, and he had been feeling bad about it . In the beginning, Thunder Yun didn t look too highly on Silver Shuke . But after these few days, Thunder Yun changed his mind . Zhao Hai really did have the strength to cause them losses . In this case, it wasn t surprising for Silver Shuke to fail . Because of this, Thunder Yun decided to help Silver Shuke out . He used this opportunity to ask him the question, giving him some credit and making it known that Thunder Yun wanted to use him in the future . Silver Shuke didn t expect Thunder Yun to say his name . He was stunned for a moment before a flash ran by his eyes, he immediately replied, Yes, General . I noticed something strange . After seeing Thunder Yun choose Silver Shuke, Cloud Ying and Cloud Yi couldn t help but have a momentary look of disappointment in their eyes . Although their faces were serious, the change didn t escape the eyes of Thunder Yun . Thunder Yun didn t say anything, he just looked at Silver Shuke and said, Tell me . Silver Shuke immediately replied, General, from what I can see, the number of undead this time isn t right . Zhao Hai has more than ten million undead, but the ones attacking us right now seem to number in the few millions . The number was just too small, and the others were nowhere to be seen . I think there are only two possibilities for this, the first one being the undead attacking our headquarters . Now that our army has departed, the forces back in the Radiant Empire wouldn t be as good compared to before . Even if they couldn t break the camp, they could at the very least cause some damage . However, we haven t had any rescue letters in the past couple of days . This might be because the base hasn t been attacked, or they couldn t send a rescue letter . I think the former is more plausible . We still have a lot of strong soldiers in the camp, and it would be impossible for them to be unable to send a letter in case of the attack . Therefore, the base is still safe . The other possibility for the undead s disappearance might be because they are dealing with the barbarians and the winged pegasus people . If they could indeed see our actions, then it is possible that they are already aware of the two armies . If that is really the case, then we might be in even more trouble . Thunder Yun nodded, Silver Shuke s analysis coincides with his own . But Thunder Yun discovered that Cloud Ying was still frowning, he probably had some words to say . Thunder Yun looked at Cloud Ying and said, Cloud Ying, do you have any other ideas Say it . Cloud Ying looked at Thunder Yun and nodded, General, I have thought of another possibility . We know that the Demons have also come to the continent, and their fighting strength is also quite good . It s certain that the Demons would dispatch their troops once they discover that we have made out more . Zhao Hai might have brought his undead to deal with the Demons . Thunder Yun looked at Cloud Ying, then he smiled faintly and said, That is correct as well . However, you have missed something . Zhao Hai replaced those cavalry units with the undead . And where are those cavalry units now It would be impossible for Zhao Hai to just have them lying around . If he can harass us, then why can t he do the same with the Demons It s more plausible that he had the cavalry deal with the Demons while his undead goes on and attacks the barbarians and the winged pegasus people . Zhao Hai s only enemies are us and the Demons . And this time, I m sure the Demons didn t split their army like us . They arrived in the Ark Continent much earlier than us, so they should be more experienced when it came to Zhao Hai s capabilities . And I also heard that the Demons aren t as strong as us, therefore they couldn t afford to split up their army . At this moment, in the Buddha Empire, Zhao Hai has four groups of enemies . The strongest two of those four are us and the Demon Army, the weaker ones are the barbarians and the winged pegasus army . Zhao Hai would surely eat the weaker ones first before going to deal with us . This is his safest and most beneficial method right now . Everyone who listened to Thunder Yun s breakdown started to believe his words . After all, Thunder Yun already had the qualifications to make speculations like these . Although he had eaten a loss lately, his status remained unchanged in the hearts of these people . Therefore, everybody nodded at Thunder Yun s analysis, nobody voiced opposition . Cloud Ying said, The General is right, forgive me for being wrong . Thunder Yun just waved his hand . Although he just said that the barbarians and the winged pegasus people were going to eliminated, he still had a calm look on his face . This made everyone confused . Cloud Ying looked puzzled at Thunder Yun s expression, so he asked, Isn t General worried about the barbarians and the winged pegasus army Is the General confident in them beating Zhao Hai Thunder Yun actually laughed before he answered, How is that possible Although I haven t we haven t had a true clash with Zhao Hai, his recent actions are already proof enough to how strong he is . How could the barbarians and winged pegasus armies be able to beat a person like him If I haven t guessed wrong, then the barbarians should have already been eliminated while the winged pegasus army shouldn t last for long . However, this is exactly what I want . Thunder Yun s words made everyone present stare . Some of the more intelligent among them immediately understood what Thunder Yun meant . Thunder Yun smiled faintly and said, Does everyone understand Cloud Yi, tell them . You look like your ass is on fire, you tell them what I mean . As soon as they heard Thunder Yun, the group couldn t help but chuckle . The heavy emotions that they carried all this time seemed to slowly vanish . Cloud Yi stood up and bowed to Thunder Yun before saying, The general is talking about how vengeful both the barbarians and the winged pegasus people are . After the Divine Race subjugated them, they were still quite resistive to our rule . Therefore, when we asked them for troops this time, they initially refused . Although they gave us some troops, they only gave us two of their ordinary armies, no elites were included . But now that Zhao Hai had killed their people, these two would surely bear a grudge and send their elites over . When that time comes, we would be more relaxed in dealing with the Ark Continent . Thunder Yun laughed and said Good, correct . Just as Cloud Yi said, both the barbarians and winged pegasus clans bear deep grudges . They will surely retaliate against Zhao Hai now that he has killed their people . Once they send their forces, then we would have more powerful cannon fodder for our army . The people in the hall smiled, their low morale had surged up . On the other hand, both Cloud Ying and Cloud Yi were looking at Thunder Yun with admiration . They knew that Thunder Yun s purpose today was to raise morale . Cloud Ying also understood Thunder Yun s idea, he looked at Thunder Yun and said, General, what do we do next Thunder Yun s voice turned serious as he said, In the last two days, the Ark Continent showed that they don t intend to go directly against us, just resorting to harassment tactics and forcing us to be on the defense . Because of this, I plan to withdraw the troops tomorrow and see if the barbarians and winged pegasus people are indeed killed . If they are, then I will immediately send word to the two races, making them dispatch their troops . The winged pegasus mounts are insanely fast, there would be no way the mounts of the Ark Continent s cavalry would catch up to them . Moreover, the barbarian elites are vastly stronger than the people in the Ark Continent . As long as the elites come, then we can deal with the Ark Continent in one go If Thunder Yun hadn t said his plan, then the morale might ve drop when he suggested retreat . But since he made a cushion for himself, the situation became different . Now, instead of dropping, the moral actually increased . Those present were thinking that their retreat this time was done in order for them to mount an even stronger attack . They had been feeling suffocated from the attacks coming from the Ark Continent . Now, they couldn t wait to go all out, this was the result that Thunder Yun wanted . Being a good General doesn t only depend on how many wins one can get, it also depends on how one deals with their adversary . Cloud Ying and Cloud Yin knew that if they were in Thunder Yun s shoes, then they wouldn t have a spectacular result as this . There were some times where a strategic defeat meant losing . But their retreat this time was different, they would retreat only because they were preparing to launch a better attack . An example of this happened in the civil war after the Sino Japanese war . It was when the party had to give up the headquarters at Yan an . This might look like a big defeat . But this retreat had conserved the party s strength . Moreover, it didn t affect their morale at all . In the end, this move was marked as the party sacrificing Yan an in order to acquire the whole of China .





* * *





Chapter 779 – Thunder Yun’s Discovery

Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t know about Thunder Yun’s plan to withdraw their troops . But even if he did know, he still wouldn’t let Thunder Yun off . After all, his hatred for the Divine Race was too deep, as long as he gets to kill them, then he would do it .

Therefore, after darkness comes, he would immediately release the blood devouring mosquitoes; half to the Divine Race and half to the Demons . At the same time, he also had the cavalry and undead prepared for another wave of attacks

. Zhao Hai looked at the sky, the Divine Race have pitched camp and their officers met up . It was time, Zhao Hai immediately sent the mosquitoes towards the Divine Race camp .

Thunder Yun and the others were currently discussing about their retreat when suddenly Fei’er came in from the outside . His face was ugly as he reported, “Master, the blood devouring mosquitoes have appeared . ”

After hearing Fei’er, Thunder Yun’s expression changed . What he was worried about came true, the blood devouring mosquitoes were indeed under the enemy’s control . Moreover, their numbers are quite large .

However, this wasn’t the time to think about these, he immediately said, “Give the orders, do what I said earlier . Three people will form one group . Tell them not to panic . It’s possible that the enemy would use his undead to attack . Everyone, return to your divisions . ”





Although they were just laughing earlier, at this time, orders were orders . Everyone immediately gave a shot before turning around and leaving .

After seeing the group walk out, Thunder Yun stood up as well . He took his wooden pole and then turned around to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, gather your people . We’ll make the Ark Continent’s people experience how powerful our lightning abilities are . ” Fei’er nodded, then he took up his own wooden pole and followed Thunder Yun outward .

When they reached outside, the immediately saw a scene similar to yesterday . The blood devouring mosquitoes were constantly shooting down from the skies and attacking the camp . Thunder Yun snorted as he waved his pole, a flash of light came and a bunch of mosquitoes in front of him disappeared into ash . What Thunder Yun didn’t notice was the same mosquitoes reappearing in the sky above him and continued on their attack .

At this time, Fei’er had also gathered the other giants . All of them had their poles with them as they lined up and muttered incantations . Tiny sparks of lightning started to appear on their bodies, the sparks got stronger and stronger before each giant was covered in lightning . It was at this moment when Fei’er said, “Attack!”

And just as his voice fell, the lightning on each Giant arched towards the mosquitoes, jumping from one mosquito to another . Those who were hit by the attack were instantaneously turned to ash .

With Fei’er and the other giants controlling the lightning, it meandered all throughout the Divine Race camp, killing a large number of mosquitoes with each go . However, just as soon as they died, the mosquitoes reappeared and then continued on with their attack .

Naturally, it was impossible for the giants to control their lightning for a long time . Soon enough, the net of lightning vanished in mid ark . On the other hand, it seemed like the number of mosquitoes remained unaffected .

While Fei’er and the others were doing their attack, Thunder Yun took the time to observe the blood devouring mosquitoes . He always had this strange feeling . He led his 20 million army yesterday and eliminated all of the blood devouring mosquitoes . They worked very hard, and even if they suffered casualties, they removed all of the mosquitoes that came . However, the disappearance of the mosquitoes’ corpses seemed to nag him in the back of his mind .





While Fei’er and the others were doing their attack, Thunder Yun took the time to observe the blood devouring mosquitoes . He always had this strange feeling . He led his 20 million army yesterday and eliminated all of the blood devouring mosquitoes . They worked very hard, and even if they suffered casualties, they removed all of the mosquitoes that came . However, the disappearance of the mosquitoes’ corpses seemed to nag him in the back of his mind .

Because of this, he decided to focus on the blood devouring mosquitoes, he wanted to see some clues . Just as the giants’ lightning net eliminated a swathe of mosquitoes, another large clump appeared in the air .

Thunder Yun couldn’t help but be surprised when he saw this . In order to make sure that he wasn’t seeing things, he concentrated on the lightning net . After the net eradicated the mosquitoes, a blood devouring mosquito suddenly appeared from where it vanished . It looks as if they weren’t killed at all .

This startled Thunder Yun, his forehead dropping a cold sweat . He knew that this situation would only happen in two occasions; First, when a mosquito has a spatial teleportation ability . However, Thunder Yun couldn’t detect any spatial fluctuations, so this possibility is void .

Another possibility was that these blood devouring mosquitoes can actually resurrect!

Resurrection! This isn’t a strange name in the Divine Realm . There were several magic beasts with this ability . If one wanted to kill these creatures, then one needed to ensure that every single part of it was gone, including each drop of blood . Otherwise, any of their parts would be able to attach to another magic beast, absorbing their life force before completely resurrecting themselves . Although their strengths would be affected, nobody in the Divine Realm would want to offend any beast that had this ability . With no way to completely eliminate them, stirring trouble with these creatures would be a very bad idea .

But from the looks of it, these blood devouring mosquitoes seem to have more than just resurrection . Thunder Yun can see that the blood devouring mosquitoes today were stronger than those yesterday, at least twice as strong . And if they can regenerate, then it meant that these weren’t blood devouring mosquitoes .

After thinking about it,, Thunder Yun observed the mosquitoes more carefully . He wanted to see if the attacks of these mosquitoes were the same as those he had seen in the Divine Realm .





After thinking about it,, Thunder Yun observed the mosquitoes more carefully . He wanted to see if the attacks of these mosquitoes were the same as those he had seen in the Divine Realm .

However, after looking for a long time, he couldn’t find any differences on these blood devouring mosquitoes . Therefore, there is only one explanation for this, these mosquitoes were a variant species of the blood devouring mosquitoes .

At the thought of this, Thunder Yun let out a sigh of relief . He wasn’t afraid of these regenerating mosquitoes . Since these mosquitoes can regenerate, then it meant that those yesterday could regenerate as well . No wonder those mosquitoes were very hard to deal with, they actually had the ability to regenerate .

But in the end, the mosquitoes yesterday were still eliminated . This means that the number of times these mosquitoes gets resurrected was not endless .

Thunder Yun felt relieved, however, he didn’t spread the information about the resurrecting abilities of the mosquitoes . One must know that the mere thought of a resurrecting beast would cause anxiety on any Divine Realm resident . If he spread the word out, then he would be causing unnecessary decrease in troop morale .

After Fei’er and the other Giants ran out of energy to do their attacks, Fei’er returned to Thunder Yun’s side . Fei’er didn’t follow Thunder Yun for a day or two, so when he saw Thunder Yun standing there, he knew that his Master was observing the blood devouring mosquitoes . Naturally, he wouldn’t disturb Thunder Yun and so he gave him time to analyze their enemy .

At this time, an explosion was suddenly heard in the distance . This sound sobered Thunder Yun, he looked at the direction of the sound as he said, “As I expected, this Zhao Hai is really difficult to deal with . ”

Fei’er naturally understood Thunder Yun . Not only was Zhao Hai using the blood devouring mosquitoes, he also took the time to add the undead as well .

Fei’er turned to Thunder Yun and said, “Master, what do we do now?”



Fei’er naturally understood Thunder Yun . Not only was Zhao Hai using the blood devouring mosquitoes, he also took the time to add the undead as well .

Fei’er turned to Thunder Yun and said, “Master, what do we do now?”

Thunder Yun sighed and said, “We endure, we have no other ways to deal with them right now . This is also the reason why I decided to make a retreat . The enemy just has too many things to use against us, way more than I expected . We have to go back and rethink about how to deal with them . ”

Fei’er turned silent . After being with Thunder Yun for all these years, this was the first time that he heard Thunder Yun say this . From Thunder Yun’s tone was a hint of helplessness . This aspect had always been absent on Thunder Yun,before, yet it appeared right now .

This made Fei’er even more curious about Zhao Hai . He wanted to know what kind of person this Zhao Hai really was . How could he be this consistent that he even had Thunder Yun retreat? This person was just too strong, can one man really do all of these?

Although Fei’er was thinking about these, he didn’t stop and stare . If Thunder Yun were to see Fei’er’s face right now, he would be surprised . Fei’er’s eyes were so bright that he must have been thinking about great things . The first time Fei’er was like this was when he was going all out against the invading Divine Race army .

The attacks from the mosquitoes and undead kept coming . Although they had already thought about ways to deal with the mosquitoes, they were yet to think about how to deal with the undead . The attacks of the undead were really fast . Moreover, with the attacks from the mosquitoes, those in the outskirts of the army had their consciousness split into two . They were keeping eyes on the mosquitoes while also taking note of the constant wave of javelin attacks coming towards them .

Because of the method that Thunder Yun made yesterday, the lethality of the mosquitoes has been greatly reduced . Although the blood devouring mosquitoes were promoted, the casualties that they caused had become smaller . While the mosquitoes were attacking, one Divine Race soldier would support his Domain, one would focus on killing the mosquitoes, and one would rest and get ready to rotate .

But even so, casualties couldn’t be avoided . The coordination between the javelins of the undead and the mosquitoes caused more deaths compared to last night .

 Chapter 779 Thunder Yun s Discovery Naturally, Zhao Hai didn t know about Thunder Yun s plan to withdraw their troops . But even if he did know, he still wouldn t let Thunder Yun off . After all, his hatred for the Divine Race was too deep, as long as he gets to kill them, then he would do it . Therefore, after darkness comes, he would immediately release the blood devouring mosquitoes half to the Divine Race and half to the Demons . At the same time, he also had the cavalry and undead prepared for another wave of attacks . Zhao Hai looked at the sky, the Divine Race have pitched camp and their officers met up . It was time, Zhao Hai immediately sent the mosquitoes towards the Divine Race camp . Thunder Yun and the others were currently discussing about their retreat when suddenly Fei er came in from the outside . His face was ugly as he reported, Master, the blood devouring mosquitoes have appeared . After hearing Fei er, Thunder Yun s expression changed . What he was worried about came true, the blood devouring mosquitoes were indeed under the enemy s control . Moreover, their numbers are quite large . However, this wasn t the time to think about these, he immediately said, Give the orders, do what I said earlier . Three people will form one group . Tell them not to panic . It s possible that the enemy would use his undead to attack . Everyone, return to your divisions . Although they were just laughing earlier, at this time, orders were orders . Everyone immediately gave a shot before turning around and leaving . After seeing the group walk out, Thunder Yun stood up as well . He took his wooden pole and then turned around to Fei er and said, Fei er, gather your people . We ll make the Ark Continent s people experience how powerful our lightning abilities are . Fei er nodded, then he took up his own wooden pole and followed Thunder Yun outward . When they reached outside, the immediately saw a scene similar to yesterday . The blood devouring mosquitoes were constantly shooting down from the skies and attacking the camp . Thunder Yun snorted as he waved his pole, a flash of light came and a bunch of mosquitoes in front of him disappeared into ash . What Thunder Yun didn t notice was the same mosquitoes reappearing in the sky above him and continued on their attack . At this time, Fei er had also gathered the other giants . All of them had their poles with them as they lined up and muttered incantations . Tiny sparks of lightning started to appear on their bodies, the sparks got stronger and stronger before each giant was covered in lightning . It was at this moment when Fei er said, Attack And just as his voice fell, the lightning on each Giant arched towards the mosquitoes, jumping from one mosquito to another . Those who were hit by the attack were instantaneously turned to ash . With Fei er and the other giants controlling the lightning, it meandered all throughout the Divine Race camp, killing a large number of mosquitoes with each go . However, just as soon as they died, the mosquitoes reappeared and then continued on with their attack . Naturally, it was impossible for the giants to control their lightning for a long time . Soon enough, the net of lightning vanished in mid ark . On the other hand, it seemed like the number of mosquitoes remained unaffected . While Fei er and the others were doing their attack, Thunder Yun took the time to observe the blood devouring mosquitoes . He always had this strange feeling . He led his 20 million army yesterday and eliminated all of the blood devouring mosquitoes . They worked very hard, and even if they suffered casualties, they removed all of the mosquitoes that came . However, the disappearance of the mosquitoes corpses seemed to nag him in the back of his mind . Because of this, he decided to focus on the blood devouring mosquitoes, he wanted to see some clues . Just as the giants lightning net eliminated a swathe of mosquitoes, another large clump appeared in the air . Thunder Yun couldn t help but be surprised when he saw this . In order to make sure that he wasn t seeing things, he concentrated on the lightning net . After the net eradicated the mosquitoes, a blood devouring mosquito suddenly appeared from where it vanished . It looks as if they weren t killed at all . This startled Thunder Yun, his forehead dropping a cold sweat . He knew that this situation would only happen in two occasions First, when a mosquito has a spatial teleportation ability . However, Thunder Yun couldn t detect any spatial fluctuations, so this possibility is void . Another possibility was that these blood devouring mosquitoes can actually resurrect Resurrection This isn t a strange name in the Divine Realm . There were several magic beasts with this ability . If one wanted to kill these creatures, then one needed to ensure that every single part of it was gone, including each drop of blood . Otherwise, any of their parts would be able to attach to another magic beast, absorbing their life force before completely resurrecting themselves . Although their strengths would be affected, nobody in the Divine Realm would want to offend any beast that had this ability . With no way to completely eliminate them, stirring trouble with these creatures would be a very bad idea . But from the looks of it, these blood devouring mosquitoes seem to have more than just resurrection . Thunder Yun can see that the blood devouring mosquitoes today were stronger than those yesterday, at least twice as strong . And if they can regenerate, then it meant that these weren t blood devouring mosquitoes . After thinking about it,, Thunder Yun observed the mosquitoes more carefully . He wanted to see if the attacks of these mosquitoes were the same as those he had seen in the Divine Realm . However, after looking for a long time, he couldn t find any differences on these blood devouring mosquitoes . Therefore, there is only one explanation for this, these mosquitoes were a variant species of the blood devouring mosquitoes . At the thought of this, Thunder Yun let out a sigh of relief . He wasn t afraid of these regenerating mosquitoes . Since these mosquitoes can regenerate, then it meant that those yesterday could regenerate as well . No wonder those mosquitoes were very hard to deal with, they actually had the ability to regenerate . But in the end, the mosquitoes yesterday were still eliminated . This means that the number of times these mosquitoes gets resurrected was not endless . Thunder Yun felt relieved, however, he didn t spread the information about the resurrecting abilities of the mosquitoes . One must know that the mere thought of a resurrecting beast would cause anxiety on any Divine Realm resident . If he spread the word out, then he would be causing unnecessary decrease in troop morale . After Fei er and the other Giants ran out of energy to do their attacks, Fei er returned to Thunder Yun s side . Fei er didn t follow Thunder Yun for a day or two, so when he saw Thunder Yun standing there, he knew that his Master was observing the blood devouring mosquitoes . Naturally, he wouldn t disturb Thunder Yun and so he gave him time to analyze their enemy . At this time, an explosion was suddenly heard in the distance . This sound sobered Thunder Yun, he looked at the direction of the sound as he said, As I expected, this Zhao Hai is really difficult to deal with . Fei er naturally understood Thunder Yun . Not only was Zhao Hai using the blood devouring mosquitoes, he also took the time to add the undead as well . Fei er turned to Thunder Yun and said, Master, what do we do now Thunder Yun sighed and said, We endure, we have no other ways to deal with them right now . This is also the reason why I decided to make a retreat . The enemy just has too many things to use against us, way more than I expected . We have to go back and rethink about how to deal with them . Fei er turned silent . After being with Thunder Yun for all these years, this was the first time that he heard Thunder Yun say this . From Thunder Yun s tone was a hint of helplessness . This aspect had always been absent on Thunder Yun,before, yet it appeared right now . This made Fei er even more curious about Zhao Hai . He wanted to know what kind of person this Zhao Hai really was . How could he be this consistent that he even had Thunder Yun retreat This person was just too strong, can one man really do all of these Although Fei er was thinking about these, he didn t stop and stare . If Thunder Yun were to see Fei er s face right now, he would be surprised . Fei er s eyes were so bright that he must have been thinking about great things . The first time Fei er was like this was when he was going all out against the invading Divine Race army . The attacks from the mosquitoes and undead kept coming . Although they had already thought about ways to deal with the mosquitoes, they were yet to think about how to deal with the undead . The attacks of the undead were really fast . Moreover, with the attacks from the mosquitoes, those in the outskirts of the army had their consciousness split into two . They were keeping eyes on the mosquitoes while also taking note of the constant wave of javelin attacks coming towards them . Because of the method that Thunder Yun made yesterday, the lethality of the mosquitoes has been greatly reduced . Although the blood devouring mosquitoes were promoted, the casualties that they caused had become smaller . While the mosquitoes were attacking, one Divine Race soldier would support his Domain, one would focus on killing the mosquitoes, and one would rest and get ready to rotate . But even so, casualties couldn t be avoided . The coordination between the javelins of the undead and the mosquitoes caused more deaths compared to last night .





* * *





Chapter 780 – Demon Dragon King’s Worry

The Demon Dragon King looked at Rising Sun City and thought of all the Demons that had died . After seeing Zhao Hai’s move, the Demon Dragon King already knew about its purpose . To be honest, Zhao Hai’s harassment tactics really gave the Demon Dragon King a headache .

Although Zhao Hai’s harassment didn’t take too much off of their numbers, he did greatly slow their advance . When the Demon Dragon King arrived at Rising Sun City, it was already late afternoon, the skies were proceeding to turn dark . However, nobody was in Rising Sun City .

The most troublesome thing for the Demon Dragon King right now was that he was afraid of splitting his troops . From what he had counted, Zhao Hai had sent a couple million cavalry units to harass them today . If the Demon Dragon King split his troops, then the only outcome that would happen is them being dominated by Zhao Hai .

Because of this, the Demon Dragon King decided to stay in a single clump . And since Zhao Hai only used his undead in their previous battle, the Demon Dragon King didn’t know about the general strength of the Ark Continent’s troops . The information that they had collected in the past stated that the people of the Ark Continent were quite weak, they were not an opponent for the Demon Race .

But in the recent time, the Demon Dragon King received information that Zhao Hai had potions that can make anyone into a 9th rank expert in short time . The Demon Dragon King was quite doubtful of this report . But after seeing the cavalry units, the Demon Dragon King finally believed that Zhao Hai really did have a way to drastically improve one’s strength .

This made the Demon Dragon King worried . The reason why the Demons were confident in conquering the Ark Continent was because their soldiers were far stronger compared to those in the continent . Additionally, the Demons also had large amounts of God rank experts . But now that the Ark Continent can promote their strength, the advantage of the Demon Army has been nullified . Additionally, Zhao Hai had items that can injure God-rank experts . Because of these reasons, it would be difficult for the Demon Race to conquer the Ark Continent in a short period of time . Being in competition with the Divine Race didn’t help either .





The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but feel his confidence drop after being faced with the cavalry attacks . He didn’t know how Zhao Hai managed to make his potions . After all, these potions weren’t only good for the Ark Continent, it was good for the Demon Race as well .

The Demon Dragon King even had Demon researchers study the two potions . However, the answers that they gave him was disappointing . The researchers told him that the 8th rank potion was just a bottle of water while the 9th rank potion was the blood of an unknown magic beast . The 9th rank potion wasn’t a potion at all!

Upon receiving the result, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but frown . He hadn’t heard of a water that can make someone 8th rank, even the Elves’ life liquid couldn’t do this . The blood that can make people 9th rank was even more mysterious . If a magic beast who had blood like that existed, there would be no way for Zhao Hai to tame it . More importantly, it would be impossible for that creature to have enough blood to feed the Ark Continent’s army .

As the matter stands, the Demon Dragon King gained nothing in this study . He was still stuck in looking for ways to deal with Zhao Hai .

After looking at Rising Sun City, the Demon Dragon King sighed and said, “We rest here tonight . Inform everyone to set up camp . ” Those around him gave a nod and proceeded to spread the order .

The efficiency of the Demon Race wasn’t any slower than the Divine Race . Additionally, they were using the same methods as the Divine Race . Because of this, it didn’t take too long before the Demons had finished making their camp .

After the camps were set up, the Demon Dragon King went to his own room and met with other God rank experts from different clans . The Demon Dragon King looked at those present and said, “We have finally arrived at Rising Sun City . However, Zhao Hai’s methods are giving us huge problems . Moreover, their soldiers had underwent a huge promotion of strength . Conquering the Ark Continent in a short time is proving to be difficult . I have already reported this matter to the Great Demon King . What we need to do right now is to wait for some clashes between Zhao Hai and the Divine Race, when that happens, we’ll go out and capture some important places for ourselves . Then we’ll hold those places and wait for the Great Demon King’s arrival . ”

The group didn’t have anything to say, they were also annoyed by the constant attacks that they went through today . They couldn’t’ do anything, their cavalry units weren’t as quick as the enemy . Even God-rank experts couldn’t catch up . In this case, the Demon Dragon King’s method was the best plan for them .





The group didn’t have anything to say, they were also annoyed by the constant attacks that they went through today . They couldn’t’ do anything, their cavalry units weren’t as quick as the enemy . Even God-rank experts couldn’t catch up . In this case, the Demon Dragon King’s method was the best plan for them .

Seeing that nobody gave their own ideas, the Demon Dragon King continued, “Zhao Hai has changed his tactics, and their strength is no weaker than us . The only thing we could do is to steadily advance while capturing more cities . However, I expect Zhao Hai to make it harder for us to advance . Make sure to have your men be alert at all times, we can’t be careless at this time . ”

The group loudly accepted the Demon Dragon King’s command before then turned around to leave . However, what the Demon Dragon King didn’t expect was the cavalry attacks stopping when evening came .

The Demon Dragon King became more relieved as the skies turned darker . This was because the skies of the Demon Realm were darker than the Ark Continent . The Demons were more suited to fight in the dark, so the Demon Dragon King wasn’t afraid of anything .

After establishing their defense, the Demon Dragon King went on to take a rest . Him and Thunder Yun had similar methods . At the same time, the Demon Dragon King also came to encounter the same scenario that Thunder Yun had .

A humming sound awakened the Demon Dragon King . He stared for a moment before he quickly sat up . This was because he felt that this sound was quite familiar . However, even though he felt it familiar, he still couldn’t remember what it was .

The Demon Dragon King was a very cautious person, he immediately gave an order, “What is that humming noise? Go and check!” The guard outside immediately responded, footsteps were heard as the guard went away .

Before long, that same guard came running back, and with a panicked voice he said, “Your Highness, large quantities of devil mosquitoes are outside . It looks like an enormous swarm!”





Before long, that same guard came running back, and with a panicked voice he said, “Your Highness, large quantities of devil mosquitoes are outside . It looks like an enormous swarm!”

The Demon Dragon King’s expression completely melted . He finally remembered where he heard this humming noise . It was an experience he didn’t want to remember . Before the Demon Dragon King became God-rank, he was just an ordinary person among the Vile Demon Race . He wandered all throughout the Demon Realm, wanting to quickly improve his strength . At that time, he had several friends travelling with him . They entered a famed dangerous area in the Demon Realm, wanting to explore it . However, they didn’t expect to see a mosquito swarm living there . The Demon Dragon King only escaped because of his luck, all of his friends weren’t as fortunate .

He could clearly remember the clump of mosquitoes that was enough to blot out the entire sky . At that time, he was extremely terrified as he ran for his pitiful life . All those friends that he had tried to fight their way out, but in the end, they were swallowed by the mosquito swarm . The Demon Dragon King still had nightmares about that event up to this day .

The Demon Dragon King immediately ran out of the door before he shouted loudly . “How can there be devil mosquitoes here? How can those mosquitoes appear in the Ark Continent? Quick, ring the alarm!!” With his order, the alarm quickly rang out . The melodious ring of the bell seemed very alarming in this dark night . The entire Demon Army immediately sprang out, ready to take action .

The Demon Dragon King looked at the blood devouring mosquitoes in the sky . His expression was very difficult to describe, he didn’t expect devil mosquitoes to appear in the Ark Continent .

At this time, experts from different clans arrived by the Demon Dragon King’s side . Their expression were quite ugly as well, they didn’t know what to say . After a short while, a Demon opened his mouth, “How can devil mosquitoes appear here? If they existed, how can the Ark Continent still survive?”

The Demon Dragon King had already calmed himself, he replied, “I recall reading something from our information of the Ark Continent . There is a record about mosquitoes called blood devouring mosquitoes . At that time, there was a small flock of them in the Ark Continent . In order to suppress them, a lot of 9th rank experts went on to drive them away from the mainland . But I didn’t think that those blood devouring mosquitoes would be the Devil Mosquitoes that we now of . Let everyone be extra careful . Everyone should know about devil mosquitoes and how terrifying they are . ”

The group nodded before they turned and left . Just as the meeting was finished, the blood devouring mosquitoes started their attack, plunging the whole Demon Army into chaos .

However, this was also the time where the Demons have shown how relsolute they were . The Demons went on and killed the mosquitoes wave by wave . And once a Demon knew that he would not survive, he would fly up to the distance and blow himself up, taking a huge clump of mosquitoes from the surroundings .



The group nodded before they turned and left . Just as the meeting was finished, the blood devouring mosquitoes started their attack, plunging the whole Demon Army into chaos .

However, this was also the time where the Demons have shown how relsolute they were . The Demons went on and killed the mosquitoes wave by wave . And once a Demon knew that he would not survive, he would fly up to the distance and blow himself up, taking a huge clump of mosquitoes from the surroundings .

The Demon Dragon King looked at these explosions in pain . As the first explosion sounded out, more and more Demons started to blow themselves up .

At this time, a different kind of explosion was heard . The Demon Dragon King stared for a moment before his expression turned ugly . He knew what this explosion was, this was from the Ark Continent’s javelins .

After hearing the explosions, the Demon Dragon King knew that the Ark Continent’s people had used this opportunity to attack . What made the Demon Dragon King worried wasn’t this attack, but instead the fact that the people from the Ark Continent weren’t worried about the mosquitoes .

If they weren’t scared, then this only meant one thing, the devil mosquitoes wouldn’t attack them . And the reason for this was because the mosquitoes were under their control .

The Demon Dragon King knew about how terrifying these devil mosquitoes were, if the Ark Continent can indeed control them, then this wouldn’t be good news for the Demon Race .

Another thing that worried the Demon Dragon King was the strength of the devil mosquitoes . They weren’t weaker than the ones he encountered in the Demon Realm . The Demon Army was in a very dangerous position!

 Chapter 780 Demon Dragon King s Worry The Demon Dragon King looked at Rising Sun City and thought of all the Demons that had died . After seeing Zhao Hai s move, the Demon Dragon King already knew about its purpose . To be honest, Zhao Hai s harassment tactics really gave the Demon Dragon King a headache . Although Zhao Hai s harassment didn t take too much off of their numbers, he did greatly slow their advance . When the Demon Dragon King arrived at Rising Sun City, it was already late afternoon, the skies were proceeding to turn dark . However, nobody was in Rising Sun City . The most troublesome thing for the Demon Dragon King right now was that he was afraid of splitting his troops . From what he had counted, Zhao Hai had sent a couple million cavalry units to harass them today . If the Demon Dragon King split his troops, then the only outcome that would happen is them being dominated by Zhao Hai . Because of this, the Demon Dragon King decided to stay in a single clump . And since Zhao Hai only used his undead in their previous battle, the Demon Dragon King didn t know about the general strength of the Ark Continent s troops . The information that they had collected in the past stated that the people of the Ark Continent were quite weak, they were not an opponent for the Demon Race . But in the recent time, the Demon Dragon King received information that Zhao Hai had potions that can make anyone into a 9th rank expert in short time . The Demon Dragon King was quite doubtful of this report . But after seeing the cavalry units, the Demon Dragon King finally believed that Zhao Hai really did have a way to drastically improve one s strength . This made the Demon Dragon King worried . The reason why the Demons were confident in conquering the Ark Continent was because their soldiers were far stronger compared to those in the continent . Additionally, the Demons also had large amounts of God rank experts . But now that the Ark Continent can promote their strength, the advantage of the Demon Army has been nullified . Additionally, Zhao Hai had items that can injure God rank experts . Because of these reasons, it would be difficult for the Demon Race to conquer the Ark Continent in a short period of time . Being in competition with the Divine Race didn t help either . The Demon Dragon King couldn t help but feel his confidence drop after being faced with the cavalry attacks . He didn t know how Zhao Hai managed to make his potions . After all, these potions weren t only good for the Ark Continent, it was good for the Demon Race as well . The Demon Dragon King even had Demon researchers study the two potions . However, the answers that they gave him was disappointing . The researchers told him that the 8th rank potion was just a bottle of water while the 9th rank potion was the blood of an unknown magic beast . The 9th rank potion wasn t a potion at all Upon receiving the result, the Demon Dragon King couldn t help but frown . He hadn t heard of a water that can make someone 8th rank, even the Elves life liquid couldn t do this . The blood that can make people 9th rank was even more mysterious . If a magic beast who had blood like that existed, there would be no way for Zhao Hai to tame it . More importantly, it would be impossible for that creature to have enough blood to feed the Ark Continent s army . As the matter stands, the Demon Dragon King gained nothing in this study . He was still stuck in looking for ways to deal with Zhao Hai . After looking at Rising Sun City, the Demon Dragon King sighed and said, We rest here tonight . Inform everyone to set up camp . Those around him gave a nod and proceeded to spread the order . The efficiency of the Demon Race wasn t any slower than the Divine Race . Additionally, they were using the same methods as the Divine Race . Because of this, it didn t take too long before the Demons had finished making their camp . After the camps were set up, the Demon Dragon King went to his own room and met with other God rank experts from different clans . The Demon Dragon King looked at those present and said, We have finally arrived at Rising Sun City . However, Zhao Hai s methods are giving us huge problems . Moreover, their soldiers had underwent a huge promotion of strength . Conquering the Ark Continent in a short time is proving to be difficult . I have already reported this matter to the Great Demon King . What we need to do right now is to wait for some clashes between Zhao Hai and the Divine Race, when that happens, we ll go out and capture some important places for ourselves . Then we ll hold those places and wait for the Great Demon King s arrival . The group didn t have anything to say, they were also annoyed by the constant attacks that they went through today . They couldn t do anything, their cavalry units weren t as quick as the enemy . Even God rank experts couldn t catch up . In this case, the Demon Dragon King s method was the best plan for them . Seeing that nobody gave their own ideas, the Demon Dragon King continued, Zhao Hai has changed his tactics, and their strength is no weaker than us . The only thing we could do is to steadily advance while capturing more cities . However, I expect Zhao Hai to make it harder for us to advance . Make sure to have your men be alert at all times, we can t be careless at this time . The group loudly accepted the Demon Dragon King s command before then turned around to leave . However, what the Demon Dragon King didn t expect was the cavalry attacks stopping when evening came . The Demon Dragon King became more relieved as the skies turned darker . This was because the skies of the Demon Realm were darker than the Ark Continent . The Demons were more suited to fight in the dark, so the Demon Dragon King wasn t afraid of anything . After establishing their defense, the Demon Dragon King went on to take a rest . Him and Thunder Yun had similar methods . At the same time, the Demon Dragon King also came to encounter the same scenario that Thunder Yun had . A humming sound awakened the Demon Dragon King . He stared for a moment before he quickly sat up . This was because he felt that this sound was quite familiar . However, even though he felt it familiar, he still couldn t remember what it was . The Demon Dragon King was a very cautious person, he immediately gave an order, What is that humming noise Go and check The guard outside immediately responded, footsteps were heard as the guard went away . Before long, that same guard came running back, and with a panicked voice he said, Your Highness, large quantities of devil mosquitoes are outside . It looks like an enormous swarm The Demon Dragon King s expression completely melted . He finally remembered where he heard this humming noise . It was an experience he didn t want to remember . Before the Demon Dragon King became God rank, he was just an ordinary person among the Vile Demon Race . He wandered all throughout the Demon Realm, wanting to quickly improve his strength . At that time, he had several friends travelling with him . They entered a famed dangerous area in the Demon Realm, wanting to explore it . However, they didn t expect to see a mosquito swarm living there . The Demon Dragon King only escaped because of his luck, all of his friends weren t as fortunate . He could clearly remember the clump of mosquitoes that was enough to blot out the entire sky . At that time, he was extremely terrified as he ran for his pitiful life . All those friends that he had tried to fight their way out, but in the end, they were swallowed by the mosquito swarm . The Demon Dragon King still had nightmares about that event up to this day . The Demon Dragon King immediately ran out of the door before he shouted loudly . How can there be devil mosquitoes here How can those mosquitoes appear in the Ark Continent Quick, ring the alarm With his order, the alarm quickly rang out . The melodious ring of the bell seemed very alarming in this dark night . The entire Demon Army immediately sprang out, ready to take action . The Demon Dragon King looked at the blood devouring mosquitoes in the sky . His expression was very difficult to describe, he didn t expect devil mosquitoes to appear in the Ark Continent . At this time, experts from different clans arrived by the Demon Dragon King s side . Their expression were quite ugly as well, they didn t know what to say . After a short while, a Demon opened his mouth, How can devil mosquitoes appear here If they existed, how can the Ark Continent still survive The Demon Dragon King had already calmed himself, he replied, I recall reading something from our information of the Ark Continent . There is a record about mosquitoes called blood devouring mosquitoes . At that time, there was a small flock of them in the Ark Continent . In order to suppress them, a lot of 9th rank experts went on to drive them away from the mainland . But I didn t think that those blood devouring mosquitoes would be the Devil Mosquitoes that we now of . Let everyone be extra careful . Everyone should know about devil mosquitoes and how terrifying they are . The group nodded before they turned and left . Just as the meeting was finished, the blood devouring mosquitoes started their attack, plunging the whole Demon Army into chaos . However, this was also the time where the Demons have shown how relsolute they were . The Demons went on and killed the mosquitoes wave by wave . And once a Demon knew that he would not survive, he would fly up to the distance and blow himself up, taking a huge clump of mosquitoes from the surroundings . The Demon Dragon King looked at these explosions in pain . As the first explosion sounded out, more and more Demons started to blow themselves up . At this time, a different kind of explosion was heard . The Demon Dragon King stared for a moment before his expression turned ugly . He knew what this explosion was, this was from the Ark Continent s javelins . After hearing the explosions, the Demon Dragon King knew that the Ark Continent s people had used this opportunity to attack . What made the Demon Dragon King worried wasn t this attack, but instead the fact that the people from the Ark Continent weren t worried about the mosquitoes . If they weren t scared, then this only meant one thing, the devil mosquitoes wouldn t attack them . And the reason for this was because the mosquitoes were under their control . The Demon Dragon King knew about how terrifying these devil mosquitoes were, if the Ark Continent can indeed control them, then this wouldn t be good news for the Demon Race . Another thing that worried the Demon Dragon King was the strength of the devil mosquitoes . They weren t weaker than the ones he encountered in the Demon Realm . The Demon Army was in a very dangerous position





* * *





Chapter 781 – A Night of Loss, Two Choices

Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the Space looking at the state of the Demons and the Divine Race . He didn’t know whether the Demons or the Divine Race would retreat or not .

Zhao Hai knew that tonight’s attack would be regarded as the largest attack he’d made to both the Demons and the Divine Race . With the mosquitoes and the cavalry attacking together, Zhao Hai believed that the damages caused this evening wouldn’t be small .

However, Zhao Hai’s work was actually much easier this time . He just had the javelins and other supplies dropped off on a single place not far from the camps of both the Demons and the Divine Race . The amount that he took out was more than enough . Even if the cavalry and the undead attack non-stop, the supply wouldn’t run out .

What Zhao Hai wanted to see was the reactions of the two parties when it came to the blood devouring mosquitoes . What he saw was interesting, both Demons and Divine Race knew about the mosquitoes, this confused him .

Originally, Zhao Hai thought that the blood devouring mosquitoes were native to the Ark Continent . But when he saw the Divine Race say the name of the blood devouring mosquitoes, he knew that they also existed in the Divine Realm . Moreover, they even had the same name .

More surprisingly, the Demons also knew about the mosquitoes . However, their name was different, they called the mosquitoes devil mosquitoes . This made Zhao Hai curious . He knew that the Demon Realm had an environment completely different compared to the Ark Continent and the Divine Realm . Moreover, even though the Demon Realm had variant versions of the Ark Continent’s magic beasts, Zhao Hai can tell from the Demon Dragon King’s words that the blood devouring mosquitoes and the devil mosquitoes were the same .





The blood devouring mosquitoes existed in three realms, what does this mean? Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown, he planned to study it when there is time .

Zhao Hai didn’t want any more trouble . At this time, Zhao Hai had a constant sense of crisis . Not to talk about the Demons and the Divine Race, the appearance of the immortal cultivator made Zhao Hai look seriously into his current state .

The strange circumstance circulating the blood devouring mosquitoes made Zhao Hai think of his problems . He wanted to see if the mosquitoes also had a connection in the immortal cultivation realm .

As Zhao Hai was juggling his thoughts, the Demons and the Divine Race were continuing their heated war against the blood devouring mosquitoes . The Demons had a bigger loss this time . The Demon army had 8th ranks among their numbers . After being subjected to hundreds of mosquito attacks, these 8th ranks simply didn’t have any chance to escape . In the end, most of them chose to blow themselves up .

When faced with ordinary blood devouring mosquitoes, this move might be very useful . However, the mosquitoes that they faced belonged to Zhao Hai’s Space . When these mosquitoes die, they just be resurrected . The sacrifice made by the Demons were made utterly useless .

Majority of the Demon deaths were 8th ranks, but this still satisfied Zhao Hai . The 8th rank Demons were still quite a threat . Although they might not be a match against the Ark Continent’s 9th rank soldiers, their self-explosions were still very lethal .

But even then, the undead and the cavalry units were still able to bring damages to the two parties . Although the javelins would kill some mosquitoes, the consequence was not that heavy . After all, the mosquitoes can be released once more after 24 hours, so Zhao Hai wasn’t hurt too much about the collateral damage .

The battle lasted the entire night . The Divine Race’s losses had reached an astonishing 300 thousand . Meanwhile, the Demons lost more than 500 thousand troops . It can be said that the damages were quite heavy . When dawn came, the number of mosquitoes have been reduced by a certain degree, only stragglers here and there remained . At the same time, Zhao Hai also ordered the undead and the cavalry units to retreat .





The battle lasted the entire night . The Divine Race’s losses had reached an astonishing 300 thousand . Meanwhile, the Demons lost more than 500 thousand troops . It can be said that the damages were quite heavy . When dawn came, the number of mosquitoes have been reduced by a certain degree, only stragglers here and there remained . At the same time, Zhao Hai also ordered the undead and the cavalry units to retreat .

After the Demons and the Divine Race counted their losses, their expressions weren’t too good . Thunder Yun immediately convened the generals inside his room, he looked at them and said, “It seems like Zhao Hai has yet to eradicate the barbarians and the winged pegasus armies . Otherwise, he would have sent them last night, causing us even more losses . This is the second batch of mosquitoes that Zhao Hai had sent in two days . It has become obvious that the mosquitoes are under the Ark Continent’s control . Zhao Hai might not be the one controlling them, but we can be sure that someone from the continent can . We’ll return to the Radiant Empire for now . We need to ask for ways to repel those mosquitoes . Otherwise, we will have even more casualties . ”

The group naturally wouldn’t oppose to this, but Cloud Ying couldn’t help but say, “I think we need to send word towards the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus clans . Make it known to them that their kin has been killed . Even if Zhao Hai didn’t completely wipe them out, he still managed to kill some number of them, the two clans would still send some elites over . At the same time, when the repellants for the mosquitoes arrive, we can resume our attack on the Ark Continent . At that time, I will personally shred Zhao Hai . ”

Cloud Ying shared this sentiment with the other Divine Race generals . In the many conquests that the Divine Race had in the lower realms, this was the first time that they had lost this much . Although they had lost a lot back in the God of Thunder’s Realm, the losses to the other party was much more . But this time, the Ark Continent barely lost anyone . To the arrogant Divine Race, this was a completely unacceptable situation .

Thunder Yun looked at the group and said, “Send this order . Rest for two hours, after that, we return to the Radiant Empire . We don’t want to get entangled with the undead any longer . ”

The group all nodded before they turned and left .

After the others walked out, Thunder Yun relaxed . He turned his head to Fei’er and said, “Fei;er, have you noticed something strange with those blood devouring mosquitoes?”

Fei’er’ had a confused expression as he said, “Strange? Aren’t they just the normal blood devouring mosquitoes? Although they are stronger than the ones in the Divine Realm, they aren’t very numerous . ”





Fei’er’ had a confused expression as he said, “Strange? Aren’t they just the normal blood devouring mosquitoes? Although they are stronger than the ones in the Divine Realm, they aren’t very numerous . ”

Thunder Yun smiled and said, “You don’t think that those mosquitoes aren’t a lot? The blood devouring mosquitoes that we met last time are obviously not the same as the ones we met today . Why is this?”

Fei’er looked puzzled at Thunder Yun, “Master, to be honest, I didn’t notice it . ”

Thunder Yun smiled bitterly and said, “I can’t blame you, not everyone noticed it . The Ark Continent’s blood devouring mosquitoes can regenerate . Moreover, it seems like instant regeneration . The number of times seem to surpass 25!”

When Fei’er heard Thunder Yun, he couldn’t help but stare . His complexion changed as she said, “Regeneration? Master, those mosquitoes can regenerate? How is that possible? If those mosquitoes are that terrifying, then the Ark Continent would have been completely eradicated by now . ”

Thunder Yun smiled faintly and said, “It’s true . I observed those mosquitoes closely and reached this conclusion . It doesn’t matter matter how the Ark Continent managed to control them, the important thing is that those mosquitoes aren’t good news . We must be more careful from now on . ”

Fei’er nodded and didn’t say anything . At this time, the camp outside had regained its peace . Thunder Yun gave out a sigh and said, “Alright, you go and take a rest . Don’t forget, we need to retreat in two hours . ”

Fei’er nodded, then he walked out . But after he walked out, Fei’er looked back at Thunder Yun’s room before a flash of light appeared on his eyes . It seems like he was thinking about something that Thunder Yun didn’t know about .

The Demons had a fairly similar situation as the Divine Race . They had lost almost twice as much as the Divine Race . For an army of several tens of millions, this number might not be strong . However, the circumstance of the deaths made the difference . In just one night, the Demons had lost seven hundred thousand troops . This was something unfathomable even to the Demon Dragon King .



Fei’er nodded, then he walked out . But after he walked out, Fei’er looked back at Thunder Yun’s room before a flash of light appeared on his eyes . It seems like he was thinking about something that Thunder Yun didn’t know about .

The Demons had a fairly similar situation as the Divine Race . They had lost almost twice as much as the Divine Race . For an army of several tens of millions, this number might not be strong . However, the circumstance of the deaths made the difference . In just one night, the Demons had lost seven hundred thousand troops . This was something unfathomable even to the Demon Dragon King .

The Demon Dragon King was currently inside his room, thinking about whether he would make a retreat or not . They had lost too many people just this evening . Although majority of the deaths were 8th ranks, the number was just too much . If the Demons weren’t hardened fighters, then some Demons might have deserted the army .

The Demon Dragon King was frowning as he sat there . This loss was something that he couldn’t ignore . The more worrying matter was the possibility that the Ark Continent’s people were controlling the devil mosquitoes .

After pondering about it for some time, the Demon Dragon King decided to hold the retreat for now . They would advance in steady steps . He knew that even if they were to retreat, the Ark Continent’s people would still go on and harass them . When the time comes, not only would they gain nothing, they would even be forced to be in a passive situation .

However, this didn’t mean that they didn’t need support . The Demon Dragon King already sent people back to the Demon Realm to report on the Demon Army’s state . At the same time, he asked the troops back at their base to make some repellents against the mosquitoes .

In the Divine Realm and the Demon Realm, their description of the mosquitoes was different from the Ark Continent . In the continent, the mosquitoes were just a one-time disaster . After they were eliminated, they didn’t pop out once more . Therefore, the mosquitoes only existed in the Ark Continent’s writings .

However, mosquitoes were a constant disaster in the Demon and the Divine Realm . Therefore, research had been made in order to deal with them . It was only because they didn’t expect to see mosquitoes in the Ark Continent that the Demons and the Divine Race didn’t bring any repellents .

 Chapter 781 A Night of Loss, Two Choices Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the Space looking at the state of the Demons and the Divine Race . He didn t know whether the Demons or the Divine Race would retreat or not . Zhao Hai knew that tonight s attack would be regarded as the largest attack he d made to both the Demons and the Divine Race . With the mosquitoes and the cavalry attacking together, Zhao Hai believed that the damages caused this evening wouldn t be small . However, Zhao Hai s work was actually much easier this time . He just had the javelins and other supplies dropped off on a single place not far from the camps of both the Demons and the Divine Race . The amount that he took out was more than enough . Even if the cavalry and the undead attack non stop, the supply wouldn t run out . What Zhao Hai wanted to see was the reactions of the two parties when it came to the blood devouring mosquitoes . What he saw was interesting, both Demons and Divine Race knew about the mosquitoes, this confused him . Originally, Zhao Hai thought that the blood devouring mosquitoes were native to the Ark Continent . But when he saw the Divine Race say the name of the blood devouring mosquitoes, he knew that they also existed in the Divine Realm . Moreover, they even had the same name . More surprisingly, the Demons also knew about the mosquitoes . However, their name was different, they called the mosquitoes devil mosquitoes . This made Zhao Hai curious . He knew that the Demon Realm had an environment completely different compared to the Ark Continent and the Divine Realm . Moreover, even though the Demon Realm had variant versions of the Ark Continent s magic beasts, Zhao Hai can tell from the Demon Dragon King s words that the blood devouring mosquitoes and the devil mosquitoes were the same . The blood devouring mosquitoes existed in three realms, what does this mean Zhao Hai couldn t help but frown, he planned to study it when there is time . Zhao Hai didn t want any more trouble . At this time, Zhao Hai had a constant sense of crisis . Not to talk about the Demons and the Divine Race, the appearance of the immortal cultivator made Zhao Hai look seriously into his current state . The strange circumstance circulating the blood devouring mosquitoes made Zhao Hai think of his problems . He wanted to see if the mosquitoes also had a connection in the immortal cultivation realm . As Zhao Hai was juggling his thoughts, the Demons and the Divine Race were continuing their heated war against the blood devouring mosquitoes . The Demons had a bigger loss this time . The Demon army had 8th ranks among their numbers . After being subjected to hundreds of mosquito attacks, these 8th ranks simply didn t have any chance to escape . In the end, most of them chose to blow themselves up . When faced with ordinary blood devouring mosquitoes, this move might be very useful . However, the mosquitoes that they faced belonged to Zhao Hai s Space . When these mosquitoes die, they just be resurrected . The sacrifice made by the Demons were made utterly useless . Majority of the Demon deaths were 8th ranks, but this still satisfied Zhao Hai . The 8th rank Demons were still quite a threat . Although they might not be a match against the Ark Continent s 9th rank soldiers, their self explosions were still very lethal . But even then, the undead and the cavalry units were still able to bring damages to the two parties . Although the javelins would kill some mosquitoes, the consequence was not that heavy . After all, the mosquitoes can be released once more after 24 hours, so Zhao Hai wasn t hurt too much about the collateral damage . The battle lasted the entire night . The Divine Race s losses had reached an astonishing 300 thousand . Meanwhile, the Demons lost more than 500 thousand troops . It can be said that the damages were quite heavy . When dawn came, the number of mosquitoes have been reduced by a certain degree, only stragglers here and there remained . At the same time, Zhao Hai also ordered the undead and the cavalry units to retreat . After the Demons and the Divine Race counted their losses, their expressions weren t too good . Thunder Yun immediately convened the generals inside his room, he looked at them and said, It seems like Zhao Hai has yet to eradicate the barbarians and the winged pegasus armies . Otherwise, he would have sent them last night, causing us even more losses . This is the second batch of mosquitoes that Zhao Hai had sent in two days . It has become obvious that the mosquitoes are under the Ark Continent s control . Zhao Hai might not be the one controlling them, but we can be sure that someone from the continent can . We ll return to the Radiant Empire for now . We need to ask for ways to repel those mosquitoes . Otherwise, we will have even more casualties . The group naturally wouldn t oppose to this, but Cloud Ying couldn t help but say, I think we need to send word towards the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus clans . Make it known to them that their kin has been killed . Even if Zhao Hai didn t completely wipe them out, he still managed to kill some number of them, the two clans would still send some elites over . At the same time, when the repellants for the mosquitoes arrive, we can resume our attack on the Ark Continent . At that time, I will personally shred Zhao Hai . Cloud Ying shared this sentiment with the other Divine Race generals . In the many conquests that the Divine Race had in the lower realms, this was the first time that they had lost this much . Although they had lost a lot back in the God of Thunder s Realm, the losses to the other party was much more . But this time, the Ark Continent barely lost anyone . To the arrogant Divine Race, this was a completely unacceptable situation . Thunder Yun looked at the group and said, Send this order . Rest for two hours, after that, we return to the Radiant Empire . We don t want to get entangled with the undead any longer . The group all nodded before they turned and left . After the others walked out, Thunder Yun relaxed . He turned his head to Fei er and said, Fei er, have you noticed something strange with those blood devouring mosquitoes Fei er had a confused expression as he said, Strange Aren t they just the normal blood devouring mosquitoes Although they are stronger than the ones in the Divine Realm, they aren t very numerous . Thunder Yun smiled and said, You don t think that those mosquitoes aren t a lot The blood devouring mosquitoes that we met last time are obviously not the same as the ones we met today . Why is this Fei er looked puzzled at Thunder Yun, Master, to be honest, I didn t notice it . Thunder Yun smiled bitterly and said, I can t blame you, not everyone noticed it . The Ark Continent s blood devouring mosquitoes can regenerate . Moreover, it seems like instant regeneration . The number of times seem to surpass 25 When Fei er heard Thunder Yun, he couldn t help but stare . His complexion changed as she said, Regeneration Master, those mosquitoes can regenerate How is that possible If those mosquitoes are that terrifying, then the Ark Continent would have been completely eradicated by now . Thunder Yun smiled faintly and said, It s true . I observed those mosquitoes closely and reached this conclusion . It doesn t matter matter how the Ark Continent managed to control them, the important thing is that those mosquitoes aren t good news . We must be more careful from now on . Fei er nodded and didn t say anything . At this time, the camp outside had regained its peace . Thunder Yun gave out a sigh and said, Alright, you go and take a rest . Don t forget, we need to retreat in two hours . Fei er nodded, then he walked out . But after he walked out, Fei er looked back at Thunder Yun s room before a flash of light appeared on his eyes . It seems like he was thinking about something that Thunder Yun didn t know about . The Demons had a fairly similar situation as the Divine Race . They had lost almost twice as much as the Divine Race . For an army of several tens of millions, this number might not be strong . However, the circumstance of the deaths made the difference . In just one night, the Demons had lost seven hundred thousand troops . This was something unfathomable even to the Demon Dragon King . The Demon Dragon King was currently inside his room, thinking about whether he would make a retreat or not . They had lost too many people just this evening . Although majority of the deaths were 8th ranks, the number was just too much . If the Demons weren t hardened fighters, then some Demons might have deserted the army . The Demon Dragon King was frowning as he sat there . This loss was something that he couldn t ignore . The more worrying matter was the possibility that the Ark Continent s people were controlling the devil mosquitoes . After pondering about it for some time, the Demon Dragon King decided to hold the retreat for now . They would advance in steady steps . He knew that even if they were to retreat, the Ark Continent s people would still go on and harass them . When the time comes, not only would they gain nothing, they would even be forced to be in a passive situation . However, this didn t mean that they didn t need support . The Demon Dragon King already sent people back to the Demon Realm to report on the Demon Army s state . At the same time, he asked the troops back at their base to make some repellents against the mosquitoes . In the Divine Realm and the Demon Realm, their description of the mosquitoes was different from the Ark Continent . In the continent, the mosquitoes were just a one time disaster . After they were eliminated, they didn t pop out once more . Therefore, the mosquitoes only existed in the Ark Continent s writings . However, mosquitoes were a constant disaster in the Demon and the Divine Realm . Therefore, research had been made in order to deal with them . It was only because they didn t expect to see mosquitoes in the Ark Continent that the Demons and the Divine Race didn t bring any repellents .





* * *





Chapter 782 – What Zhao Hai Doesn’t Know

Zhao Hai calmly looked at the monitor . He didn’t think that the Divine Race would retreat, it was actually out of his expectations . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare when he saw the Divine Rest pack their things and heading the opposite direction after their two hour rest . Seeing them retreat, Zhao Hai decided to not send the undead after them . It was best to give more time to Lizzy and Megan . As long as the two women had time, they can completely eliminate the winged pegasus cavalry . When that time comes, Zhao Hai’s strength would dramatically increase . Also, after seeing the Divine Race retreat, Zhao Hai can now focus solely on the Demons .

Zhao Hai needed time, he wanted the Demons to retreat as well . If the Demons retreat, then Zhao Hai would gain even more time . The first batch of God ranked undead have already finished and the pagoda had started with the second batch . At the same time, another God-rank potion was on the way . As long as there was time, Zhao Hai’s side would become much better .

But to Zhao Hai’s disappointment, the Demons didn’t retreat . Unlike the Divine Race who retreated after resting for two hours, the Demons rested for 5 hours before leaving Rising Sun City, pushing forward into the Buddha Empire .

After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but knit his brows . His expectation for the Demon Army’s retreat was even more than the Divine Race seeing how cautious they had been lately . But who would’ve thought that the opposite happened, the Divine Race retreated while the Demons pushed on .

While looking at the Demon Army, Zhao Hai coldly snorted . He was still monitoring the Divine Race, however, he didn’t send more attacks . He wanted the Divine Race to retreat, and he didn’t want to enrage them even more . He was afraid that the Divine Race would get angry and reverse their decision . After all, when enough time passes, Zhao Hai would be able to clean them up in one fell swoop .

On the other hand, the Demons actually went forward . In two days, they would meet with Lizzy and Megan’s group, and that wouldn’t be good .





Now that the Divine Race was gone, Zhao Hai can reallocated his undead to deal with the Demons . These undead made the Demon advance even more difficult . They needed to delay the Demons and make time for Lizzy and Megan to eliminate the winged pegasus cavalry .

After the Demons left Rising Sun City, Zhao Hai noticed that they had left some people behind . Zhao Hai immediately knew that the Demon advance this time was meant to occupy the Buddha Empire’s cities .

Altogether, the Demons have left 1 million troops inside Rising Sun City, a thousand of them being God-rank experts . At the same time, a constant stream of Demons can be seen going from Demon City to Rising Sun City .

Upon seeing this, Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but change . With his current resources, he wouldn’t be able to reclaim Rising Sun City . If he decided to attack the city, the Demons from Demon City will go forward as support . When that time comes, a clash would happen, this wasn’t something that Zhao Hai wanted .

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t too worried . After all, he didn’t have much power in his hands . As soon as Lizzy and Megan finishes their action, the majority of the undead would be available once more .

The Demon Dragon King had discovered that their current assailants didn’t comprise of only cavalry units, there were undead mixed in as well . These undead were very difficult to deal with . The bows and throwing weapons that the Demons had were less lethal to the undead . On the other hand, the javelins thrown by the undead were a huge threat to the Demon Army .

To be honest, the Demon Dragon King was quite curious about Zhao Hai’s javelins . In their previous battles, Zhao Hai didn’t use it . Now that Zhao Hai had changed his tactics, these javelin were used . The Demon Dragon King wondered why .





To be honest, the Demon Dragon King was quite curious about Zhao Hai’s javelins . In their previous battles, Zhao Hai didn’t use it . Now that Zhao Hai had changed his tactics, these javelin were used . The Demon Dragon King wondered why .

This wooden javelin wasn’t simple . One could see that they were crudely made, however, their lethality couldn’t be underestimated .

The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but rub his temples . Although he planned to grab some land while Zhao Hai battles it out with the Divine Race, his current losses was something he didn’t hope for .

And after they left the city, they were attacked by javelins once more . All of these gave the Demon Dragon King a headache .

While Zhao Hai was busy dealing with the Demons, he wasn’t aware of the changes in another place . In the Northern Icefield, there was a huge spatial rift that was constantly releasing undead . When they came out of the rift, the undead went about and explored the icefield . They only remained undetected because the icefield was just too big .

However, the undead quickly found the volcano as well as the stone city . Soon, more and more undead went towards that direction as even more undead came out of the rift .

At this point, a large sea of undead was starting to head towards the Beastman Prairie . These undead were tirelessly going forward . The ice and winds were completely useless against them . In a few day’s time, they would be setting foot on the prairie .

Naturally, Zhao Hai and the others didn’t know about this . At the same time, they were also unaware about another small rift appearing in an island not too far from the Radiant Empire . This rift was smaller and there were no creatures going out of it . However, this rift would surely have an impact on the Ark Continent in the future .





Naturally, Zhao Hai and the others didn’t know about this . At the same time, they were also unaware about another small rift appearing in an island not too far from the Radiant Empire . This rift was smaller and there were no creatures going out of it . However, this rift would surely have an impact on the Ark Continent in the future .

Zhao Hai didn’t know about any of these, his thoughts were currently on the enemies in front of him, the Demons and the Divine Race . Now that the Divine Race was heading back to the Radiant Empire, Zhao Hai only had the Demons to worry about .

Lizzy and Megan had prepared for three days in order to deal with the winged pegasus army . However, Zhao Hai didn’t worry too much . He knew that they would take action quite soon . At the same time, the God rank potion would be completed in one day .

Meanwhile, Zhao Hai was very surprised at the Demon Army . He didn’t stop harassing the Demons both day and night . Moreover, with the use of the mosquitoes, the losses to the Demon Army had reached an additional 1 million . But even with this, the Demons didn’t retreat . Conversely, even with their slow pace, they continued on . This action made Zhao Hai admire the Demon Race . Zhao Hai sent forces to attack them all the time, however, they kept going forward even if they knew that every step they make would cause them to bleed out .

Zhao Hai didn’t understand why the Demons continued on . After the days of being attacked, the Demons were looking very exhausted . They didn’t have a good time to rest and eat . However, they still kept on moving forward .

Zhao Hai didn’t know that the reason for this was simple . The Demons didn’t retreat because Zhao Hai has yet to use his main army . This made the Demons think that he was still in battle with the Divine Race . If they don’t use this opportunity to occupy land, then they won’t be able to do it in the future .

Although the Demons had sent some scouts, those people didn’t dare to get too close to the Divine Race . Moreover, after Thunder Yun saw that Zhao Hai didn’t harass them, he decided to slow their retreat, allowing more time to rest . At the same time, he also used this time to get familiar with the surroundings .

The Demons had more information coming from their scouts near the Radiant Empire . Seeing that the main army was still absent, they were unaware of the retreat . If they knew that the Divine Race had turned back, the Demon Dragon King would surely stop the army from going forward .



Although the Demons had sent some scouts, those people didn’t dare to get too close to the Divine Race . Moreover, after Thunder Yun saw that Zhao Hai didn’t harass them, he decided to slow their retreat, allowing more time to rest . At the same time, he also used this time to get familiar with the surroundings .

The Demons had more information coming from their scouts near the Radiant Empire . Seeing that the main army was still absent, they were unaware of the retreat . If they knew that the Divine Race had turned back, the Demon Dragon King would surely stop the army from going forward .

A day passed and another God-rank potion has been made . However, Zhao Hai didn’t use it . He was waiting for one more potion to be made before handing them over to Blockhead and Rockhead .

Blockhead and Rockhead were twins that had a mysterious way of coordinating with one another . If Zhao Hai decided to promote one before the other, then he may risk disrupting this coordination . Because of this, Zhao Hai chose to promote them at the same time .

It can be said that some of Zhao Hai’s fears were unwarranted, but he wasn’t in a hurry about this matter . After all, Blockhead and Rockhead would be Demigods after promotion, so they wouldn’t be a great help anyway . Waiting for a few days wouldn’t affect anything too much .

Time passed by and another day came . This was the fifth day after the Demons decided to dispatch their troops . They were still advancing but their losses had now surpassed 3 million, a tenth of their original number . Additionally, after passing by another two cities, more than 2 million troops were left behind . It can be said that the Demon Army was now cut down by a fifth .

Zhao Hai had to recognize the tenacity of the Demon Race . However, he knew that the Demon army’s luck was soon to run out . This was because Lizzy and Megan had already taken care of the winged pegasus cavalry . With this, Zhao Hai was back to using his full strength .

 Chapter 782 What Zhao Hai Doesn t Know Zhao Hai calmly looked at the monitor . He didn t think that the Divine Race would retreat, it was actually out of his expectations . Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare when he saw the Divine Rest pack their things and heading the opposite direction after their two hour rest . Seeing them retreat, Zhao Hai decided to not send the undead after them . It was best to give more time to Lizzy and Megan . As long as the two women had time, they can completely eliminate the winged pegasus cavalry . When that time comes, Zhao Hai s strength would dramatically increase . Also, after seeing the Divine Race retreat, Zhao Hai can now focus solely on the Demons . Zhao Hai needed time, he wanted the Demons to retreat as well . If the Demons retreat, then Zhao Hai would gain even more time . The first batch of God ranked undead have already finished and the pagoda had started with the second batch . At the same time, another God rank potion was on the way . As long as there was time, Zhao Hai s side would become much better . But to Zhao Hai s disappointment, the Demons didn t retreat . Unlike the Divine Race who retreated after resting for two hours, the Demons rested for 5 hours before leaving Rising Sun City, pushing forward into the Buddha Empire . After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn t help but knit his brows . His expectation for the Demon Army s retreat was even more than the Divine Race seeing how cautious they had been lately . But who would ve thought that the opposite happened, the Divine Race retreated while the Demons pushed on . While looking at the Demon Army, Zhao Hai coldly snorted . He was still monitoring the Divine Race, however, he didn t send more attacks . He wanted the Divine Race to retreat, and he didn t want to enrage them even more . He was afraid that the Divine Race would get angry and reverse their decision . After all, when enough time passes, Zhao Hai would be able to clean them up in one fell swoop . On the other hand, the Demons actually went forward . In two days, they would meet with Lizzy and Megan s group, and that wouldn t be good . Now that the Divine Race was gone, Zhao Hai can reallocated his undead to deal with the Demons . These undead made the Demon advance even more difficult . They needed to delay the Demons and make time for Lizzy and Megan to eliminate the winged pegasus cavalry . After the Demons left Rising Sun City, Zhao Hai noticed that they had left some people behind . Zhao Hai immediately knew that the Demon advance this time was meant to occupy the Buddha Empire s cities . Altogether, the Demons have left 1 million troops inside Rising Sun City, a thousand of them being God rank experts . At the same time, a constant stream of Demons can be seen going from Demon City to Rising Sun City . Upon seeing this, Zhao Hai s expression couldn t help but change . With his current resources, he wouldn t be able to reclaim Rising Sun City . If he decided to attack the city, the Demons from Demon City will go forward as support . When that time comes, a clash would happen, this wasn t something that Zhao Hai wanted . However, Zhao Hai wasn t too worried . After all, he didn t have much power in his hands . As soon as Lizzy and Megan finishes their action, the majority of the undead would be available once more . The Demon Dragon King had discovered that their current assailants didn t comprise of only cavalry units, there were undead mixed in as well . These undead were very difficult to deal with . The bows and throwing weapons that the Demons had were less lethal to the undead . On the other hand, the javelins thrown by the undead were a huge threat to the Demon Army . To be honest, the Demon Dragon King was quite curious about Zhao Hai s javelins . In their previous battles, Zhao Hai didn t use it . Now that Zhao Hai had changed his tactics, these javelin were used . The Demon Dragon King wondered why . This wooden javelin wasn t simple . One could see that they were crudely made, however, their lethality couldn t be underestimated . The Demon Dragon King couldn t help but rub his temples . Although he planned to grab some land while Zhao Hai battles it out with the Divine Race, his current losses was something he didn t hope for . And after they left the city, they were attacked by javelins once more . All of these gave the Demon Dragon King a headache . While Zhao Hai was busy dealing with the Demons, he wasn t aware of the changes in another place . In the Northern Icefield, there was a huge spatial rift that was constantly releasing undead . When they came out of the rift, the undead went about and explored the icefield . They only remained undetected because the icefield was just too big . However, the undead quickly found the volcano as well as the stone city . Soon, more and more undead went towards that direction as even more undead came out of the rift . At this point, a large sea of undead was starting to head towards the Beastman Prairie . These undead were tirelessly going forward . The ice and winds were completely useless against them . In a few day s time, they would be setting foot on the prairie . Naturally, Zhao Hai and the others didn t know about this . At the same time, they were also unaware about another small rift appearing in an island not too far from the Radiant Empire . This rift was smaller and there were no creatures going out of it . However, this rift would surely have an impact on the Ark Continent in the future . Zhao Hai didn t know about any of these, his thoughts were currently on the enemies in front of him, the Demons and the Divine Race . Now that the Divine Race was heading back to the Radiant Empire, Zhao Hai only had the Demons to worry about . Lizzy and Megan had prepared for three days in order to deal with the winged pegasus army . However, Zhao Hai didn t worry too much . He knew that they would take action quite soon . At the same time, the God rank potion would be completed in one day . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai was very surprised at the Demon Army . He didn t stop harassing the Demons both day and night . Moreover, with the use of the mosquitoes, the losses to the Demon Army had reached an additional 1 million . But even with this, the Demons didn t retreat . Conversely, even with their slow pace, they continued on . This action made Zhao Hai admire the Demon Race . Zhao Hai sent forces to attack them all the time, however, they kept going forward even if they knew that every step they make would cause them to bleed out . Zhao Hai didn t understand why the Demons continued on . After the days of being attacked, the Demons were looking very exhausted . They didn t have a good time to rest and eat . However, they still kept on moving forward . Zhao Hai didn t know that the reason for this was simple . The Demons didn t retreat because Zhao Hai has yet to use his main army . This made the Demons think that he was still in battle with the Divine Race . If they don t use this opportunity to occupy land, then they won t be able to do it in the future . Although the Demons had sent some scouts, those people didn t dare to get too close to the Divine Race . Moreover, after Thunder Yun saw that Zhao Hai didn t harass them, he decided to slow their retreat, allowing more time to rest . At the same time, he also used this time to get familiar with the surroundings . The Demons had more information coming from their scouts near the Radiant Empire . Seeing that the main army was still absent, they were unaware of the retreat . If they knew that the Divine Race had turned back, the Demon Dragon King would surely stop the army from going forward . A day passed and another God rank potion has been made . However, Zhao Hai didn t use it . He was waiting for one more potion to be made before handing them over to Blockhead and Rockhead . Blockhead and Rockhead were twins that had a mysterious way of coordinating with one another . If Zhao Hai decided to promote one before the other, then he may risk disrupting this coordination . Because of this, Zhao Hai chose to promote them at the same time . It can be said that some of Zhao Hai s fears were unwarranted, but he wasn t in a hurry about this matter . After all, Blockhead and Rockhead would be Demigods after promotion, so they wouldn t be a great help anyway . Waiting for a few days wouldn t affect anything too much . Time passed by and another day came . This was the fifth day after the Demons decided to dispatch their troops . They were still advancing but their losses had now surpassed 3 million, a tenth of their original number . Additionally, after passing by another two cities, more than 2 million troops were left behind . It can be said that the Demon Army was now cut down by a fifth . Zhao Hai had to recognize the tenacity of the Demon Race . However, he knew that the Demon army s luck was soon to run out . This was because Lizzy and Megan had already taken care of the winged pegasus cavalry . With this, Zhao Hai was back to using his full strength .





* * *





Chapter 783 – The Divine Realm’s Situation

Lizzy and Megan were both sitting and talking inside the living room . However, Zhao Hai was nowhere in sight . He was currently busying himself with the Demon Race . Zhao Hai had Megan and Lizzy rest well after they eliminated the winged pegasus army . Now that the two were resting, Zhao Hai took the job and commanded the undead and the cavalry in the meantime .

Lizzy looked at the weary Demons in the monitor and couldn’t help but smile, “It looks like Brother Hai really made them suffer in the past few days . Look at how exhausted every one of them looked . ” Laura gave out a hmph, “You haven’t seen Brother Hai . He was monitoring the Demons non-stop, he’s quite tired as well . If you dealt with the winged pegasus sooner, he would have more time to rest . ”

Megan smiled and said, “Sister Laura, we already did our best . After all, we need to take care of every single winged pegasus soldier . ” Laura snoted and said, “Alright . Go call people from those two races, let’s ask them about the Divine Race’s situation . ”

Since Laura had been managing Zhao Hai’s affairs for the longest time, she had the highest status among the women . Lizzy didn’t hesitate and immediately called a heavy cavalry soldier and a winged pegasus soldier . This was also done according to Zhao Hai’s instruction . When the two races were turned into undead, some of them were made into advanced ones so that they could ask them questions .

The barbarian soldier was tall and big, they were even taller compared to average Beastmen . On the other hand, the winged pegasus person was not that huge . Moreover, they look quite slender, resembling the Elves . However, instead of long ears, the winged pegasus people had two wings as ears, with long feathers on each tip .





Lizzy and the others curiously looked at the two people . After some time, Lizzy looked at the barbarian soldier and said, “What is your race? Are you from the Divine Race?”

The heavy cavalry soldier replied, “Answering the madam . We are called the Barbarians . We aren’t from the Divine Race, instead, our plane was invaded with the Divine Race . Whenever the Divine Race goes into war, they would send us . ”

Lizzy nodded, then she asked once more, “Are the other people in your race as powerful as you? How many of you are there?” Barbarian Ding shook his head and said, “Back at home, we are only considered to be second-rate soldiers . The real elite of our race has yet to set out . Our race’s elites are all 9th ranks . We also have our Golden Horn division made up of God ranked experts . However, their numbers aren’t large, only about 50 thousand people . All in all, our race has about 10 million elite troops . As for second-rate soldiers like us, I don’t know how many there are . ” Lizzy and the others couldn’t help but inhale cold air . They didn’t expect the barbarians to be this strong . If they didn’t have a few God-ranks, then the Divine Race might not have been able to conquer their plane .

After thinking about it for some time, Lizzy said, “Will your people send more troops? You lost too many people this time . Will your people help the Divine Race? Is your relationship with the Divine Race good?” Barbarian Ding replied, “Replying to the madam . Our relationship with the Divine Race isn’t very good . We might send our troops, but the most we can send out are our elites . The Golden Horn division rarely sets out . Since the madame have killed us, the clan would surely send some people for revenge . ”

Lizzy and the to others frowned . They didn’t expect this thing to happen . At this time, Megan couldn’t wait as she turned to the winged pegasus soldier and said, “How about you? What is your race? And how is your race’s relationship with the Divine Race?”

The winged pegasus soldier replied, “Answering the madam . We are the winged pegasus race . Our relationship with the Divine Race is roughly the same as the Barbarians . We also listen to them but we don’t worship their existence . At the same time, our clan would also be sending troops in order to avenge us . ”

Lizzy and Megan smiled bitterly, they didn’t think that there would be more enemies coming over . Laura didn’t think about it too much as he looked at the winged pegasus soldier and said, “What is your name? And how many people does your race have? How strong are you?” The winged pegasus person answered, “Replying to the madam . My name is Zhan . My troops are in the middle of our race’s strength . Above us are the elite army with 10 million troops . We also have the Silverwing Division composed of 100 thousand God-ranks . ”





Lizzy and Megan smiled bitterly, they didn’t think that there would be more enemies coming over . Laura didn’t think about it too much as he looked at the winged pegasus soldier and said, “What is your name? And how many people does your race have? How strong are you?” The winged pegasus person answered, “Replying to the madam . My name is Zhan . My troops are in the middle of our race’s strength . Above us are the elite army with 10 million troops . We also have the Silverwing Division composed of 100 thousand God-ranks . ”

Everybody smiled bitterly upon hearing this . The Divine Race already had a lot of God-ranks . Now, there are also 100 thousand God-rank winged pegasus soldiers . If the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus clan decided to send their best troops, then the Ark Continent would be in trouble .

Lizzy forced a smile and said, “How about those giants, do you know what race they belong to?”

Winged Pegasus Zhan nodded, “I do . They are people from the Thunder clan . Their faith lied on the Thunder Beast . Their wooden poles are totems used to worship the thunder beast . However, nobody has seen an actual thunder beast . Their totems can summon incarnations of the thunder beast . Their race is very strong, not only are they physically powerful, their totems also allowed them to cast multiple spells . I heard that when the Divine Race went on to conquer the Thunder Realm, they lost a lot of men doing so . Later on, they carried on a massacre in the Thunder Realm, shocking the entire Thunder Clan . In the end, the plane was given to the God of Thunder, General Thunder Yun . Thunder Yun is the commander of the Divine Race army, the Thunder Clan had become his personal bodyguards . ”

Lizzy gave a faint smile . Megan immediately followed up, “I saw green skinned creatures in the Radiant Empire . What are they? Why do they look like slaves?”

Barbarian Ding replied, “Replying to the madame . They are indeed slaves . They are called the Goblin Race . They are creatures native to the Divine Realm . Their fighting strength is low, however, they are very interested in tinkering . It was said that magic formations made by them are very strong . I’ve also heard that they were able to produce flying machines in the past . However, since their race isn’t interested in making weapons, the Divine Race managed to subdue them . In the end, their entire race was reduced to becoming labor slaves . ”

Laura asked, “Did the Divine Race conquer any other race? If so, what other races are there?’





Laura asked, “Did the Divine Race conquer any other race? If so, what other races are there?’

Barbarian Ding shook his head and said, “I don’t know . ”

However, Winged Pegasus Zhan replied, “Answering to the madam, there are no other races in the Divine Race army . The Divine Race army that is attacking the Ark Continent right now are the Divines from the Taurus Continent . The Taurus Divines had only conquered our four races . As for the other Divines on the other continents, I don’t know much about the planes that they conquered . ”

Laura stared, then her expression underwent a huge change, “Will the other continents send troops here? Aren’t the Divine Race in a war against the foreign races? Did the war subside?”

Winged Pegasus Zhan shook his head and said, “Replying to the madam . I don’t know whether the other continents would send their troops or not . However, I have heard about the war with the foreign races . It seems like the foreign races had inferior strength compared to the Divine Race, they had been pushed into a passive state . ”

Laura frowned, “I heard that the Divine Realm has 13 continents . How are they divided between the Divine Race and the foreign races?”

Winged Pegasus Zhan nodded and said, “Of the 13 continents, ten of them are under the control of the Divine Race while three are controlled by the foreign races; the Aries Continent, the Libra Continent, and the Virgo Continent . Other than those three, the remaining ten are under the Divine Race . ”

Laura let out a long breath, then she asked once more, “Do you know which foreign race controls each continent?



Winged Pegasus Zhan nodded and said, “Of the 13 continents, ten of them are under the control of the Divine Race while three are controlled by the foreign races; the Aries Continent, the Libra Continent, and the Virgo Continent . Other than those three, the remaining ten are under the Divine Race . ”

Laura let out a long breath, then she asked once more, “Do you know which foreign race controls each continent?

Winged Pegasus Zhan nodded, “The Ares Continent is where the Beastmen Gods reside . The Libra Continent is under the Dwarves, and the Virgo Continent is under the Elves . Beside those three huge races, there are also some other races that live in the three continents . All these years they had continued to resist the Divine Race . ”

Laura and the others nodded . To be honest, they didn’t know what to think right now . They didn’t think that the Divine Race would have this much scope in their power . They were already having problems dealing with the Taurus Divines . If the other continents send troops, then the Ark Continent would surely be eliminated .

However, Laura and the others were also thinking that it was highly improbable . The Taurus continent surely wasn’t that smaller than the Ark Continent . In this case, if the other continents sent their troops, there won’t be much they could gain . They might even lose more than what they receive .

Additionally, the Divine Race also needed to deal with the foreign races . It was impossible for the entire Divine Race to focus on the Ark Continent . Perhaps this is an opportunity for Zhao Hai .

They had already proven that the foreign races are still surviving . This meant that a potential ally existed!

 Chapter 783 The Divine Realm s Situation Lizzy and Megan were both sitting and talking inside the living room . However, Zhao Hai was nowhere in sight . He was currently busying himself with the Demon Race . Zhao Hai had Megan and Lizzy rest well after they eliminated the winged pegasus army . Now that the two were resting, Zhao Hai took the job and commanded the undead and the cavalry in the meantime . Lizzy looked at the weary Demons in the monitor and couldn t help but smile, It looks like Brother Hai really made them suffer in the past few days . Look at how exhausted every one of them looked . Laura gave out a hmph, You haven t seen Brother Hai . He was monitoring the Demons non stop, he s quite tired as well . If you dealt with the winged pegasus sooner, he would have more time to rest . Megan smiled and said, Sister Laura, we already did our best . After all, we need to take care of every single winged pegasus soldier . Laura snoted and said, Alright . Go call people from those two races, let s ask them about the Divine Race s situation . Since Laura had been managing Zhao Hai s affairs for the longest time, she had the highest status among the women . Lizzy didn t hesitate and immediately called a heavy cavalry soldier and a winged pegasus soldier . This was also done according to Zhao Hai s instruction . When the two races were turned into undead, some of them were made into advanced ones so that they could ask them questions . The barbarian soldier was tall and big, they were even taller compared to average Beastmen . On the other hand, the winged pegasus person was not that huge . Moreover, they look quite slender, resembling the Elves . However, instead of long ears, the winged pegasus people had two wings as ears, with long feathers on each tip . Lizzy and the others curiously looked at the two people . After some time, Lizzy looked at the barbarian soldier and said, What is your race Are you from the Divine Race The heavy cavalry soldier replied, Answering the madam . We are called the Barbarians . We aren t from the Divine Race, instead, our plane was invaded with the Divine Race . Whenever the Divine Race goes into war, they would send us . Lizzy nodded, then she asked once more, Are the other people in your race as powerful as you How many of you are there Barbarian Ding shook his head and said, Back at home, we are only considered to be second rate soldiers . The real elite of our race has yet to set out . Our race s elites are all 9th ranks . We also have our Golden Horn division made up of God ranked experts . However, their numbers aren t large, only about 50 thousand people . All in all, our race has about 10 million elite troops . As for second rate soldiers like us, I don t know how many there are . Lizzy and the others couldn t help but inhale cold air . They didn t expect the barbarians to be this strong . If they didn t have a few God ranks, then the Divine Race might not have been able to conquer their plane . After thinking about it for some time, Lizzy said, Will your people send more troops You lost too many people this time . Will your people help the Divine Race Is your relationship with the Divine Race good Barbarian Ding replied, Replying to the madam . Our relationship with the Divine Race isn t very good . We might send our troops, but the most we can send out are our elites . The Golden Horn division rarely sets out . Since the madame have killed us, the clan would surely send some people for revenge . Lizzy and the to others frowned . They didn t expect this thing to happen . At this time, Megan couldn t wait as she turned to the winged pegasus soldier and said, How about you What is your race And how is your race s relationship with the Divine Race The winged pegasus soldier replied, Answering the madam . We are the winged pegasus race . Our relationship with the Divine Race is roughly the same as the Barbarians . We also listen to them but we don t worship their existence . At the same time, our clan would also be sending troops in order to avenge us . Lizzy and Megan smiled bitterly, they didn t think that there would be more enemies coming over . Laura didn t think about it too much as he looked at the winged pegasus soldier and said, What is your name And how many people does your race have How strong are you The winged pegasus person answered, Replying to the madam . My name is Zhan . My troops are in the middle of our race s strength . Above us are the elite army with 10 million troops . We also have the Silverwing Division composed of 100 thousand God ranks . Everybody smiled bitterly upon hearing this . The Divine Race already had a lot of God ranks . Now, there are also 100 thousand God rank winged pegasus soldiers . If the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus clan decided to send their best troops, then the Ark Continent would be in trouble . Lizzy forced a smile and said, How about those giants, do you know what race they belong to Winged Pegasus Zhan nodded, I do . They are people from the Thunder clan . Their faith lied on the Thunder Beast . Their wooden poles are totems used to worship the thunder beast . However, nobody has seen an actual thunder beast . Their totems can summon incarnations of the thunder beast . Their race is very strong, not only are they physically powerful, their totems also allowed them to cast multiple spells . I heard that when the Divine Race went on to conquer the Thunder Realm, they lost a lot of men doing so . Later on, they carried on a massacre in the Thunder Realm, shocking the entire Thunder Clan . In the end, the plane was given to the God of Thunder, General Thunder Yun . Thunder Yun is the commander of the Divine Race army, the Thunder Clan had become his personal bodyguards . Lizzy gave a faint smile . Megan immediately followed up, I saw green skinned creatures in the Radiant Empire . What are they Why do they look like slaves Barbarian Ding replied, Replying to the madame . They are indeed slaves . They are called the Goblin Race . They are creatures native to the Divine Realm . Their fighting strength is low, however, they are very interested in tinkering . It was said that magic formations made by them are very strong . I ve also heard that they were able to produce flying machines in the past . However, since their race isn t interested in making weapons, the Divine Race managed to subdue them . In the end, their entire race was reduced to becoming labor slaves . Laura asked, Did the Divine Race conquer any other race If so, what other races are there Barbarian Ding shook his head and said, I don t know . However, Winged Pegasus Zhan replied, Answering to the madam, there are no other races in the Divine Race army . The Divine Race army that is attacking the Ark Continent right now are the Divines from the Taurus Continent . The Taurus Divines had only conquered our four races . As for the other Divines on the other continents, I don t know much about the planes that they conquered . Laura stared, then her expression underwent a huge change, Will the other continents send troops here Aren t the Divine Race in a war against the foreign races Did the war subside Winged Pegasus Zhan shook his head and said, Replying to the madam . I don t know whether the other continents would send their troops or not . However, I have heard about the war with the foreign races . It seems like the foreign races had inferior strength compared to the Divine Race, they had been pushed into a passive state . Laura frowned, I heard that the Divine Realm has 13 continents . How are they divided between the Divine Race and the foreign races Winged Pegasus Zhan nodded and said, Of the 13 continents, ten of them are under the control of the Divine Race while three are controlled by the foreign races the Aries Continent, the Libra Continent, and the Virgo Continent . Other than those three, the remaining ten are under the Divine Race . Laura let out a long breath, then she asked once more, Do you know which foreign race controls each continent Winged Pegasus Zhan nodded, The Ares Continent is where the Beastmen Gods reside . The Libra Continent is under the Dwarves, and the Virgo Continent is under the Elves . Beside those three huge races, there are also some other races that live in the three continents . All these years they had continued to resist the Divine Race . Laura and the others nodded . To be honest, they didn t know what to think right now . They didn t think that the Divine Race would have this much scope in their power . They were already having problems dealing with the Taurus Divines . If the other continents send troops, then the Ark Continent would surely be eliminated . However, Laura and the others were also thinking that it was highly improbable . The Taurus continent surely wasn t that smaller than the Ark Continent . In this case, if the other continents sent their troops, there won t be much they could gain . They might even lose more than what they receive . Additionally, the Divine Race also needed to deal with the foreign races . It was impossible for the entire Divine Race to focus on the Ark Continent . Perhaps this is an opportunity for Zhao Hai . They had already proven that the foreign races are still surviving . This meant that a potential ally existed





* * *





Chapter 784 – Make Them Know How Terrifying We Are

Zhao Hai woke up . He found himself very tired in the past few days as he continually harassed both the Demons and the Divine Race .

Additionally, when Lizzy and Megan were done dealing with the winged pegasus cavalry, Zhao Hai saw that the two of them were very tired . So instead of having them work again, he decided to have them take a rest . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai went on and continued to harass the Demons .

After cleaning his room, Zhao Hai pushed the door open . Upon going out, he couldn’t help but knit his brows . He knew that Laura and the others were in the living room, however, there wasn’t any sound right now .

Zhao Hai immediately knew that something must have happened . Otherwise, the women wouldn’t have been this silent . After thinking about it, Zhao Hai immediately hastened his steps as he went to the living room .

After arriving, Zhao Hai saw Laura and the others frowning, nobody made any noise .

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be curious, so he asked, “What’s wrong? Why are you all frowning?”

When the women saw Zhao Hai arrive, they immediately made space for him to sit down . Meg stood up and offered Zhao Hai a cup of tea while Laura and the others told Zhao Hai about what they had found out .





After hearing the story, Zhao Hai frowned as well . If this was really the case, then he had gained more annoying enemies .

Seeing that Zhao Hai stayed silent, Laura and the others didn’t make a noise . After all, the final decision about this matter lied on Zhao Hai .

After some time, Zhao Hai opened his mouth and said, “Alright, worrying about this is useless . If the elites of those two races come, then let them come . We aren’t afraid of them . Moreover, when it comes to revenge, their hatred for the Divine Race is certainly stronger . Yet, they still submitted, therefore, they should submit to us as well . The important thing to us right now is the existence of the foreign races in the Divine Realm . As long as they survive, then the Divine Race couldn’t go all out in fighting us . Also, the other Divine Realm continents might not be interested in the Ark Continent . Moreover, with how serious the Taurus Divines have become, their actions have certainly been spread to the Divine Realm . At the very least, the foreign races should be able to hear the news . They might even take the opportunity to contact us, seeing how they aren’t doing too good . ”

Laura nodded, “However, it wouldn’t be too easy for us to deal with the Taurus Divines . After all, we’ve already been having problems with Thunder Yun, the power of his Giants is very strong . ”

Zhao Hai agreed, “That’s correct . But although the Giants have great strength, I’m certain that they aren’t that numerous . After all, if they had enough numbers, then they wouldn’t have been destroyed by the Divine Race . ” Laura and the other nodded . They were just worried, they weren’t afraid . After all, they had the Space . They could just evacuate the Ark Continent whenever things get out of hand . When that time comes, they would just wait until their overall strength gets improved . Then they can expel the Divine Race form the continent .

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others as he smiled and said, “Actually, among these information, the one I think the most useful is the Goblins . I have underestimated them before, I didn’t think that they would have this much skill . ”

Laura looked confused at Zhao Hai’s words, she asked, “Why is Brother Hai so interested in those Goblins? I can’t see anything special about them . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Didn’t Zhan say that those goblins are very skilled when it comes to machines? Moreover, they have certain talents when it comes to using magic formations for machines, their skills would surely be good for us . ”





Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Didn’t Zhan say that those goblins are very skilled when it comes to machines? Moreover, they have certain talents when it comes to using magic formations for machines, their skills would surely be good for us . ”

Laura was still confused, “Good? What’s the difference between machines with magic formations and just magic formations?’

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Of course its good . If those goblins are really experts in the application of magic formations, then they can help improve the strength of our magic cannons . Also, they might be able to make different uses for the crystals . Using the crystals just for ammunition would be wasteful . ”

Laura stared for a moment before she nodded, “Alright . If we can save more crystals, then we could make more magic cannons and other items . ”

Laura finally understood what Zhao Hai meant . Karen had been researching ways of using magic formations to change the lives of the average person . He wanted to make their lives more convenient and safe . After seeing the things in the Space like the monitor, the kitchen and other Earth items, Karen suddenly had an inspiration .

Laura didn’t oppose to Karen’s new obsession . However, she didn’t like how Karen would exhaust himself and even forget to eat and sleep .

Therefore, when Zhao Hai raised the idea of the Goblins, she immediately agreed . If these Goblins were to find ways to make use of the crystals, then it would be a good thing for them .

However, Lizzy was still frowning as she said, “Big Brother Hai, but in the past, the Goblins seems to have no interest in weapons . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have fallen easily to the Divine Race . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “In the past, the Goblins did indeed have no interest in weapons . However, now should be different . They had been slaves of the Divine Race for so long that they should have understood the importance of having weapons . I think they should be looking into making their own all this time . ” Megan also frowned, “Will this work? Those goblins have been under the Divine Race for so long . I’m afraid their inheritance had already vanished with time . Will they really be useful to us?”





Zhao Hai smiled and said, “In the past, the Goblins did indeed have no interest in weapons . However, now should be different . They had been slaves of the Divine Race for so long that they should have understood the importance of having weapons . I think they should be looking into making their own all this time . ” Megan also frowned, “Will this work? Those goblins have been under the Divine Race for so long . I’m afraid their inheritance had already vanished with time . Will they really be useful to us?”

Zhao Hai gave a faint smile and said, “Their inheritance might have vanished, but as long as they are goblins, their skills for tinkering should be ingrained to their bones . Just like how the Elves are innately close to nature and the Dwarves gravitating towards blacksmithing, those goblins should still be able to make machines . ”

The woman nodded, then didn’t say anything more . Zhao Hai let out a long breath as he said, “The Divine Race are truly fools . If they had the goblins research weapons, then they might have already conquered the Ark Continent . ”

Zhao Hai said this as he shifted his gaze towards the monitor, showing the Demon Race’s situation . At this time, the Demons were resting . The Demons looked less tired now compared to two days before .

This didn’t mean that Zhao Hai had reduced his harassment, it just meant that the Demons have adapted . In the past, whenever they meet Zhao Hai’s troops, the Demons would become anxious . But now, except for those in the outskirts of the army, the others went on to sleep and eat, acting as if nothing was happening .

Zhao Hai faintly smiled, the Demons were truly worthy of being mighty warriors . Their adaptiveness to war was very good . Not only did they adapt to Zhao Hai’s harassment, they also got used to the attacks made by the blood devouring mosquitoes .

Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy and Megan and said, “Are we ready? I think it’s time to attack the Demons . Let them be aware that the Divine Race has retreated, and that we are now focused on dealing with them . ”

Lizzy looked at the screen and then smiled, “It is indeed time to inform them, otherwise they would think that we’re being bullies . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Go, make them know how terrifying we are . ” Lizzy nodded and then took out her messenger fish as she and Megan began to issue orders .



Lizzy looked at the screen and then smiled, “It is indeed time to inform them, otherwise they would think that we’re being bullies . ”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Go, make them know how terrifying we are . ” Lizzy nodded and then took out her messenger fish as she and Megan began to issue orders .

First, they had the cavalry units take a rest . Then they immediately released a large number of undead, ready to attack the Demon Army .

In the beginning, Zhao Hai wanted the undead army to attack Rising Sun City, cutting the retreat of the Demons . Then he would encircle the Demon Army and kill them in one go .

However, he discovered that this plan was too unrealistic . First, the Demons had a large number of reinforcement from Demon City . Secondly, the Demon Dragon King’s army had 20 million troops, trapping them was completely impossible .

If 20 million troops were to make a move, then their threat would be too big . Zhao Hai had painstakingly been acquiring undead, and he didn’t want the to be blown up by the Demons . Because of this, Zhao Hai quickly trashed his plan . Instead, he would hand the matter over to Lizzy while he would charge towards the enemy troops .

After seeing Lizzy and Megan prepare, Zhao Hai took Berry, Shue, and Shun, as well as some undead creatures with him . The other undead were given to Lizzy and Megan .

Four people stood on top of a Bone Dragon . They appeared on the place where the Divine Race decided to stop . Then, a large army of undead followed them outside . Zhao Hai, along with the undead army, were ready to charge towards the Demon Army!

 Chapter 784 Make Them Know How Terrifying We Are Zhao Hai woke up . He found himself very tired in the past few days as he continually harassed both the Demons and the Divine Race . Additionally, when Lizzy and Megan were done dealing with the winged pegasus cavalry, Zhao Hai saw that the two of them were very tired . So instead of having them work again, he decided to have them take a rest . Meanwhile, Zhao Hai went on and continued to harass the Demons . After cleaning his room, Zhao Hai pushed the door open . Upon going out, he couldn t help but knit his brows . He knew that Laura and the others were in the living room, however, there wasn t any sound right now . Zhao Hai immediately knew that something must have happened . Otherwise, the women wouldn t have been this silent . After thinking about it, Zhao Hai immediately hastened his steps as he went to the living room . After arriving, Zhao Hai saw Laura and the others frowning, nobody made any noise . Zhao Hai couldn t help but be curious, so he asked, What s wrong Why are you all frowning When the women saw Zhao Hai arrive, they immediately made space for him to sit down . Meg stood up and offered Zhao Hai a cup of tea while Laura and the others told Zhao Hai about what they had found out . After hearing the story, Zhao Hai frowned as well . If this was really the case, then he had gained more annoying enemies . Seeing that Zhao Hai stayed silent, Laura and the others didn t make a noise . After all, the final decision about this matter lied on Zhao Hai . After some time, Zhao Hai opened his mouth and said, Alright, worrying about this is useless . If the elites of those two races come, then let them come . We aren t afraid of them . Moreover, when it comes to revenge, their hatred for the Divine Race is certainly stronger . Yet, they still submitted, therefore, they should submit to us as well . The important thing to us right now is the existence of the foreign races in the Divine Realm . As long as they survive, then the Divine Race couldn t go all out in fighting us . Also, the other Divine Realm continents might not be interested in the Ark Continent . Moreover, with how serious the Taurus Divines have become, their actions have certainly been spread to the Divine Realm . At the very least, the foreign races should be able to hear the news . They might even take the opportunity to contact us, seeing how they aren t doing too good . Laura nodded, However, it wouldn t be too easy for us to deal with the Taurus Divines . After all, we ve already been having problems with Thunder Yun, the power of his Giants is very strong . Zhao Hai agreed, That s correct . But although the Giants have great strength, I m certain that they aren t that numerous . After all, if they had enough numbers, then they wouldn t have been destroyed by the Divine Race . Laura and the other nodded . They were just worried, they weren t afraid . After all, they had the Space . They could just evacuate the Ark Continent whenever things get out of hand . When that time comes, they would just wait until their overall strength gets improved . Then they can expel the Divine Race form the continent . Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others as he smiled and said, Actually, among these information, the one I think the most useful is the Goblins . I have underestimated them before, I didn t think that they would have this much skill . Laura looked confused at Zhao Hai s words, she asked, Why is Brother Hai so interested in those Goblins I can t see anything special about them . Zhao Hai smiled and said, Didn t Zhan say that those goblins are very skilled when it comes to machines Moreover, they have certain talents when it comes to using magic formations for machines, their skills would surely be good for us . Laura was still confused, Good What s the difference between machines with magic formations and just magic formations Zhao Hai smiled and said, Of course its good . If those goblins are really experts in the application of magic formations, then they can help improve the strength of our magic cannons . Also, they might be able to make different uses for the crystals . Using the crystals just for ammunition would be wasteful . Laura stared for a moment before she nodded, Alright . If we can save more crystals, then we could make more magic cannons and other items . Laura finally understood what Zhao Hai meant . Karen had been researching ways of using magic formations to change the lives of the average person . He wanted to make their lives more convenient and safe . After seeing the things in the Space like the monitor, the kitchen and other Earth items, Karen suddenly had an inspiration . Laura didn t oppose to Karen s new obsession . However, she didn t like how Karen would exhaust himself and even forget to eat and sleep . Therefore, when Zhao Hai raised the idea of the Goblins, she immediately agreed . If these Goblins were to find ways to make use of the crystals, then it would be a good thing for them . However, Lizzy was still frowning as she said, Big Brother Hai, but in the past, the Goblins seems to have no interest in weapons . Otherwise, they wouldn t have fallen easily to the Divine Race . Zhao Hai smiled and said, In the past, the Goblins did indeed have no interest in weapons . However, now should be different . They had been slaves of the Divine Race for so long that they should have understood the importance of having weapons . I think they should be looking into making their own all this time . Megan also frowned, Will this work Those goblins have been under the Divine Race for so long . I m afraid their inheritance had already vanished with time . Will they really be useful to us Zhao Hai gave a faint smile and said, Their inheritance might have vanished, but as long as they are goblins, their skills for tinkering should be ingrained to their bones . Just like how the Elves are innately close to nature and the Dwarves gravitating towards blacksmithing, those goblins should still be able to make machines . The woman nodded, then didn t say anything more . Zhao Hai let out a long breath as he said, The Divine Race are truly fools . If they had the goblins research weapons, then they might have already conquered the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai said this as he shifted his gaze towards the monitor, showing the Demon Race s situation . At this time, the Demons were resting . The Demons looked less tired now compared to two days before . This didn t mean that Zhao Hai had reduced his harassment, it just meant that the Demons have adapted . In the past, whenever they meet Zhao Hai s troops, the Demons would become anxious . But now, except for those in the outskirts of the army, the others went on to sleep and eat, acting as if nothing was happening . Zhao Hai faintly smiled, the Demons were truly worthy of being mighty warriors . Their adaptiveness to war was very good . Not only did they adapt to Zhao Hai s harassment, they also got used to the attacks made by the blood devouring mosquitoes . Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy and Megan and said, Are we ready I think it s time to attack the Demons . Let them be aware that the Divine Race has retreated, and that we are now focused on dealing with them . Lizzy looked at the screen and then smiled, It is indeed time to inform them, otherwise they would think that we re being bullies . Zhao Hai smiled and said, Go, make them know how terrifying we are . Lizzy nodded and then took out her messenger fish as she and Megan began to issue orders . First, they had the cavalry units take a rest . Then they immediately released a large number of undead, ready to attack the Demon Army . In the beginning, Zhao Hai wanted the undead army to attack Rising Sun City, cutting the retreat of the Demons . Then he would encircle the Demon Army and kill them in one go . However, he discovered that this plan was too unrealistic . First, the Demons had a large number of reinforcement from Demon City . Secondly, the Demon Dragon King s army had 20 million troops, trapping them was completely impossible . If 20 million troops were to make a move, then their threat would be too big . Zhao Hai had painstakingly been acquiring undead, and he didn t want the to be blown up by the Demons . Because of this, Zhao Hai quickly trashed his plan . Instead, he would hand the matter over to Lizzy while he would charge towards the enemy troops . After seeing Lizzy and Megan prepare, Zhao Hai took Berry, Shue, and Shun, as well as some undead creatures with him . The other undead were given to Lizzy and Megan . Four people stood on top of a Bone Dragon . They appeared on the place where the Divine Race decided to stop . Then, a large army of undead followed them outside . Zhao Hai, along with the undead army, were ready to charge towards the Demon Army





* * *


 785: 785

Chapter 785 – Drill



The Demon Dragon King felt strange . The constant attacks from the Ark Continent suddenly stopped . All the cavalry units and undead have retreated . What happened? Did the Divine Race break their defenses? Were they forced to retreat?



The Demon Race’s information network wasn’t quick . Although they had already discovered the retreat of the Divine Race army, reaching the Demon Dragon King wasn’t easy . The Demon Army was already deep into the Buddha Empire . And the Ark Continent’s forces were often patrolling the surrounding area . Because of this, word of the Divine Race’s retreat had failed to reach the Demon Dragon King .



However, word from the scouts was now unneeded . This was because the Demon Dragon King can already guess what happened from what he saw in front of him . An undead army was approaching from the distance with Zhao Hai standing at the front . The Demon Dragon King’s face changed, he gave a bitter smile as he muttered, “I didn’t expect the Divine Race to be so soft . It seems like Zhao Hai hasn’t been damaged at all, instead, he had gained more undead . ”



The Demon Dragon King was talking to himself, naturally, these words didn’t reach the ears of the other military commanders . Seeing the approaching undead army, these commanders were in shock . It can be said that they hadn’t battled with Zhao Hai before, so this was the first time that they experienced Zhao Hai’s might . Even those who fought with Zhao Hai discovered that Zhao Hai’s power was more than what they had thought .



In the past, Zhao Hai brought about more than 10 million undead to fight with the Demons . But now, Zhao Hai brought nearly 30 million . At the same time, human cavalry soldiers were patrolling around the Demon Army . This caused the tension to increase among the Demons present .



In fact, aside from the Demons, the cavalry units were also startled . They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have this much undead . However, their surprise turned into glee . The stronger Zhao Hai was, the better it would be for their future . Although they don’t fear death, they still didn’t want to die . The more undead Zhao Hai had, the need for the cavalry to break through the enemy lines decreased . This would reduce the probability of them being killed in battle .



As the undead army got closer, the Demon Dragon King slowly gave command, “Army Formation!”



As the Demon Dragon King’s voice dropped, the drums behind him began to sound out . The flustered Demons immediately recovered . Before long, a large formation was already set .



At this point, most of the warriors in the Demon Army were 9th ranks . Their 8th rank experts were almost killed during Zhao Hai’s constant harassment .



The Demons were unable to form a giant cube just like the undead . Aside from the Fishmen, only Zhao Hai used this kind of formation .



The intricacies to the cube formation was too much . Except for the Fishmen who trained in it for so many years, only Zhao Hai who had a completely obedient undead army can use it . It was impossible for other armies to use it with little to no practice .



The battle formation that the Demons used was different to the cube . It was a half moon formation with the curve’s inside facing Zhao Hai .



Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Army and couldn’t help but acknowledge the Demon Dragon King’s ability . They had been constantly attacked in the past few days, causing them to lose several million people . However, not only did the Demons refrain from retreating, they were also able to adapt to their situation . This was naturally largely in part to the Demon Dragon King’s plans .



Since it was the Demon Dragon King who was controlling the army, the Demons still trusted him despite their heavy losses . Also, not even one Demon deserted the army, showing how resolute the entire race was .



Zhao Hai didn’t plan to have a talk with the Demon Dragon King . Instead, he was waiting for Lizzy and Megan to get ready . As soon as they give the signal, the attack would begin .



Just as Zhao Hai’s group reached about a kilometer away from the Demon Army, Lizzy’s voice came through, “Big Brother Hai, we’ll change to a cone formation, you’ll be in the head . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to the three other people and said, “You don’t need to be with me . You go out of the formation and attack the Demons . ” The three nodded before they flew from the bone dragon and out of the cube formation .



At roughly the same time, the cube formation changed and became an extremely huge cone . Zhao Hai was on the very tip of the cone, establishing his Domain . Since his Domain can transform into anything that he can think about, Zhao Hai made his Domain into a huge cone with ridges along its side . The Domain looked just like a huge drill bit .



Behind Zhao Hai were the undead, all of them were in perfect place along the cone formation, ready to attack the Demon Race .



After Zhao Hai transformed his Domain, it slowly turned . Going along the Domain’s rotation were the undead behind, making a huge drill out of the massive cone formation .



While the formation rotated, Zhao Hai led the charge towards the Demons army, intending to barrel through the Demon Army .



The Demon Dragon King didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s move . A kilometer distance wasn’t far, but Zhao Hai managed to change a cube formation into this rotating drill before it clashed with the Demon Army .



It was too late for the Demon Dragon King to change the position of his army . He knew that if this drill formation hit their army, then the entire formation would be finished . The Demon Dragon King immediately commanded, “God-ranks, go forward and block the attack!”



After the Demon Dragon King’s order, the God-rank Demons immediately went forward . However, Zhao Hai’s advance was too quick . Just as the God-ranks arrived, they were immediately attacked . Even if their Domains weren’t broken, they were slowly turned back by Zhao Hai .



The God-rank Demons met Zhao Hai’s drill, however, they were unable to prevent it from advancing . After Zhao Hai killed some God-rank Demons, his formation was already nearing the Demon Army’s half moon formation . When the Demon Dragon King saw Zhao Hai’s approach, he knew that he needed to break it . However, he knew that he wasn’t Zhao Hai’s opponent .



The Demon Dragon King discovered that Zhao Hai’s drill formation was creating strong energy disturbance around it . These disturbances weren’t something that ordinary people can stop, it was even impossible for people to come close .



At this time, Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking about this . His only focus right now was to control his speed . He didn’t want the undead to be too spread out .



When the undead reached their speed limit, they immediately began to take their weapons out . Then one by one, they sprang out of the formation . Zhao Hai’s formation wasn’t just an ordinary drill, it was a drill with protruding thorns, dealing massive damage to all it ran through .



Because of this, all the Demons who dared to approach this drill was torn to pieces, they didn’t even have the time to blow themselves up . If they don’t go near this massive drill, then they would be safe . However, in a big battle such as this, one couldn’t just easily reposition himself . It wasn’t long before the Demon discovered that they had very little ways to deal with Zhao Hai .



Although there were a lot of Demons, all of them were in a formation, and Zhao Hai used this opportunity . It didn’t take a long time before Zhao Hai’s drill was already into the Demon Race’s formation .



When Zhao Hai’s drill ran through the Demon Army, it immediately disintegrated, turning into innumerable undead that went on and slaughtered the surrounding Demons .



The Demon Army’s formation was in chaos, Zhao Hai’s drill completely destroyed it . And just as they were about to make a move, the drill suddenly dispersed .



This caught the Demons off guard . In a blink of an eyes, the Demon Army has been divided by the undead .



Zhao Hai immediately understood what Lizzy and Megan wanted to do . He immediately turned his head and killed his way towards the Demon Dragon King . The Demon Dragon King was the centerpiece of the Demon Army . His flag was easily spotted in the battlefield, allowing the Demons to know where he was . Because of this, the Demons would have a sense of direction and wouldn’t immediately turn to chaos when dispersed .



What Zhao Hai needed to do right now was to deal with the Demon Dragon King . As long as the Demon Dragon King is gone, then the Demons would certainly turn chaotic . This would ensure Zhao Hai’s victory in this battle .



The Demon Dragon King naturally saw Zhao Hai’s move . When he saw their formation crumbling, the Demon Dragon King immediately knew that it was impossible for them to defeat Zhao Hai today .



The Demon Dragon King couldn’t accept this outcome . He didn’t think that he had just been defeated by Zhao Hai in such a quick manner .



However, he also knew that lamenting on this matter was useless . He needed to find a way to conserve their strength . At the same time, the Demon Dragon King also noticed that some of Zhao Hai’s undead, although they had an appearance of a skeleton, were wearing very good armor . Their armor was something the Divine Race would equip themselves with .



Additionally, he can also recognize these winged horses . Several days ago, his scouts had informed him of the Divine Race’s cavalry . It seems like Zhao Hai’s new undead came from the Divine Race army!



Chapter 785 DrillThe Demon Dragon King felt strange . The constant attacks from the Ark Continent suddenly stopped . All the cavalry units and undead have retreated . What happened Did the Divine Race break their defenses Were they forced to retreat The Demon Race s information network wasn t quick . Although they had already discovered the retreat of the Divine Race army, reaching the Demon Dragon King wasn t easy . The Demon Army was already deep into the Buddha Empire . And the Ark Continent s forces were often patrolling the surrounding area . Because of this, word of the Divine Race s retreat had failed to reach the Demon Dragon King . However, word from the scouts was now unneeded . This was because the Demon Dragon King can already guess what happened from what he saw in front of him . An undead army was approaching from the distance with Zhao Hai standing at the front . The Demon Dragon King s face changed, he gave a bitter smile as he muttered, I didn t expect the Divine Race to be so soft . It seems like Zhao Hai hasn t been damaged at all, instead, he had gained more undead . The Demon Dragon King was talking to himself, naturally, these words didn t reach the ears of the other military commanders . Seeing the approaching undead army, these commanders were in shock . It can be said that they hadn t battled with Zhao Hai before, so this was the first time that they experienced Zhao Hai s might . Even those who fought with Zhao Hai discovered that Zhao Hai s power was more than what they had thought . In the past, Zhao Hai brought about more than 10 million undead to fight with the Demons . But now, Zhao Hai brought nearly 30 million . At the same time, human cavalry soldiers were patrolling around the Demon Army . This caused the tension to increase among the Demons present . In fact, aside from the Demons, the cavalry units were also startled . They didn t expect Zhao Hai to have this much undead . However, their surprise turned into glee . The stronger Zhao Hai was, the better it would be for their future . Although they don t fear death, they still didn t want to die . The more undead Zhao Hai had, the need for the cavalry to break through the enemy lines decreased . This would reduce the probability of them being killed in battle . As the undead army got closer, the Demon Dragon King slowly gave command, Army Formation As the Demon Dragon King s voice dropped, the drums behind him began to sound out . The flustered Demons immediately recovered . Before long, a large formation was already set . At this point, most of the warriors in the Demon Army were 9th ranks . Their 8th rank experts were almost killed during Zhao Hai s constant harassment . The Demons were unable to form a giant cube just like the undead . Aside from the Fishmen, only Zhao Hai used this kind of formation . The intricacies to the cube formation was too much . Except for the Fishmen who trained in it for so many years, only Zhao Hai who had a completely obedient undead army can use it . It was impossible for other armies to use it with little to no practice . The battle formation that the Demons used was different to the cube . It was a half moon formation with the curve s inside facing Zhao Hai . Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Army and couldn t help but acknowledge the Demon Dragon King s ability . They had been constantly attacked in the past few days, causing them to lose several million people . However, not only did the Demons refrain from retreating, they were also able to adapt to their situation . This was naturally largely in part to the Demon Dragon King s plans . Since it was the Demon Dragon King who was controlling the army, the Demons still trusted him despite their heavy losses . Also, not even one Demon deserted the army, showing how resolute the entire race was . Zhao Hai didn t plan to have a talk with the Demon Dragon King . Instead, he was waiting for Lizzy and Megan to get ready . As soon as they give the signal, the attack would begin . Just as Zhao Hai s group reached about a kilometer away from the Demon Army, Lizzy s voice came through, Big Brother Hai, we ll change to a cone formation, you ll be in the head . Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to the three other people and said, You don t need to be with me . You go out of the formation and attack the Demons . The three nodded before they flew from the bone dragon and out of the cube formation . At roughly the same time, the cube formation changed and became an extremely huge cone . Zhao Hai was on the very tip of the cone, establishing his Domain . Since his Domain can transform into anything that he can think about, Zhao Hai made his Domain into a huge cone with ridges along its side . The Domain looked just like a huge drill bit . Behind Zhao Hai were the undead, all of them were in perfect place along the cone formation, ready to attack the Demon Race . After Zhao Hai transformed his Domain, it slowly turned . Going along the Domain s rotation were the undead behind, making a huge drill out of the massive cone formation . While the formation rotated, Zhao Hai led the charge towards the Demons army, intending to barrel through the Demon Army . The Demon Dragon King didn t expect Zhao Hai s move . A kilometer distance wasn t far, but Zhao Hai managed to change a cube formation into this rotating drill before it clashed with the Demon Army . It was too late for the Demon Dragon King to change the position of his army . He knew that if this drill formation hit their army, then the entire formation would be finished . The Demon Dragon King immediately commanded, God ranks, go forward and block the attack After the Demon Dragon King s order, the God rank Demons immediately went forward . However, Zhao Hai s advance was too quick . Just as the God ranks arrived, they were immediately attacked . Even if their Domains weren t broken, they were slowly turned back by Zhao Hai . The God rank Demons met Zhao Hai s drill, however, they were unable to prevent it from advancing . After Zhao Hai killed some God rank Demons, his formation was already nearing the Demon Army s half moon formation . When the Demon Dragon King saw Zhao Hai s approach, he knew that he needed to break it . However, he knew that he wasn t Zhao Hai s opponent . The Demon Dragon King discovered that Zhao Hai s drill formation was creating strong energy disturbance around it . These disturbances weren t something that ordinary people can stop, it was even impossible for people to come close . At this time, Zhao Hai wasn t thinking about this . His only focus right now was to control his speed . He didn t want the undead to be too spread out . When the undead reached their speed limit, they immediately began to take their weapons out . Then one by one, they sprang out of the formation . Zhao Hai s formation wasn t just an ordinary drill, it was a drill with protruding thorns, dealing massive damage to all it ran through . Because of this, all the Demons who dared to approach this drill was torn to pieces, they didn t even have the time to blow themselves up . If they don t go near this massive drill, then they would be safe . However, in a big battle such as this, one couldn t just easily reposition himself . It wasn t long before the Demon discovered that they had very little ways to deal with Zhao Hai . Although there were a lot of Demons, all of them were in a formation, and Zhao Hai used this opportunity . It didn t take a long time before Zhao Hai s drill was already into the Demon Race s formation . When Zhao Hai s drill ran through the Demon Army, it immediately disintegrated, turning into innumerable undead that went on and slaughtered the surrounding Demons . The Demon Army s formation was in chaos, Zhao Hai s drill completely destroyed it . And just as they were about to make a move, the drill suddenly dispersed . This caught the Demons off guard . In a blink of an eyes, the Demon Army has been divided by the undead . Zhao Hai immediately understood what Lizzy and Megan wanted to do . He immediately turned his head and killed his way towards the Demon Dragon King . The Demon Dragon King was the centerpiece of the Demon Army . His flag was easily spotted in the battlefield, allowing the Demons to know where he was . Because of this, the Demons would have a sense of direction and wouldn t immediately turn to chaos when dispersed . What Zhao Hai needed to do right now was to deal with the Demon Dragon King . As long as the Demon Dragon King is gone, then the Demons would certainly turn chaotic . This would ensure Zhao Hai s victory in this battle . The Demon Dragon King naturally saw Zhao Hai s move . When he saw their formation crumbling, the Demon Dragon King immediately knew that it was impossible for them to defeat Zhao Hai today . The Demon Dragon King couldn t accept this outcome . He didn t think that he had just been defeated by Zhao Hai in such a quick manner . However, he also knew that lamenting on this matter was useless . He needed to find a way to conserve their strength . At the same time, the Demon Dragon King also noticed that some of Zhao Hai s undead, although they had an appearance of a skeleton, were wearing very good armor . Their armor was something the Divine Race would equip themselves with . Additionally, he can also recognize these winged horses . Several days ago, his scouts had informed him of the Divine Race s cavalry . It seems like Zhao Hai s new undead came from the Divine Race army





* * *





Chapter 786 – A Brave Soldier Breaks His Arm

After thinking up to here, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but force a smile . He can now feel pressure from Zhao Hai’s strength . Demons who couldn’t withstand the attacks would blow themselves up, unwilling to be turned into undead .

However, Zhao Hai actually managed to massacre a large number of Divine Race soldiers and turn them into undead . One must know that the Divine Race were generally stronger compared to the Demons . In this case, for Zhao Hai to turn a large number of them into undead wasn’t a good idea for the Demon Race .

But the Demon Dragon King doesn’t have the time to think about this right now . Zhao Hai had already started his killing, and the Demon Dragon King knew how strong he was . Although the Demons still had a lot of experts, as long as Zhao Hai can grasp an opportunity, then he could surely eradicate every single Demon here .

Zhao Hai’s Domain was still in its drill form as it went about its killing spree . There were some God-rank Demons who wanted to stop Zhao Hai . However, upon meeting the Domain, they were immediately shredded to death .

The Demon Dragon King shouted, “Retreat!” Just as he said that, his Dragon Domain appeared as he slowly drew back . At the same time, his flag kept waving back and forth . It was a signal known to all Demons, informing them to retreat .

Although the Demons were fighting against Zhao Hai’s undead army, they were also keeping attention to the Demon Dragon King’s flag . Upon seeing the Demon Dragon King’s flag, the Demons immediately fought while going in the direction of Demon City .

However, this feat wouldn’t be very easy . The small drills formed by the undead were like slippery fishes, retreating from such conditions was very difficult .





This scene also made Zhao Hai understand how the Demons can survive in a place such as the Demon Realm . And at this time, some Demons had stayed behind .

These Demons didn’t proceed to retreat, instead, they blew themselves up . This caused resounding explosions from all directions, causing massive casualties among the undead .

After Lizzy and Megan saw this, they knew that the Demons had went all out . They didn’t want to fight with the Demons in this situation . Because of this, Lizzy immediately ordered the undead to clump up while pursuing, allowing the Demons more time to withdraw .

But just as the undead drew back, various cavalry units appeared beside the Demon Army before throwing javelins towards the retreating army . Zhao Hai was still using his harassment tactics against the undead, causing more chaos to appear .

The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but feel a pain on his heart . He turned his head and looked at Zhao Hai, who had finished reorganizing his army . Also, the Demon Dragon King can also see undead Demons among Zhao Hai’s undead army,

During the battle, there were still Demons who weren’t able to blow themselves up . Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t let their deaths be a waste, he turned them into undead immediately .

When he saw this, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but clench his jaws . His hate for Zhao Hai had reached an all-time high . However, he discovered something that made him frustrated . The speed of his army wasn’t as fast as Zhao Hai’s . Before they had regrouped, the undead were already finished . At the same time, the cavalry units were already on the sides of the Demon Army . It seems like they were boxed in with one side missing .

While the Demon Dragon King was looking at Zhao Hai’s army in a daze, two pitiful yells woke him up . The Demon Dragon King immediately turned his head to see a God-ranked expert’s separated head and then another God-ranked expert with a hold in their neck . But even then, nothing was seen beside them .





While the Demon Dragon King was looking at Zhao Hai’s army in a daze, two pitiful yells woke him up . The Demon Dragon King immediately turned his head to see a God-ranked expert’s separated head and then another God-ranked expert with a hold in their neck . But even then, nothing was seen beside them .

The God-ranked Demon with a hole on his neck was still alive when the Demon Dragon King saw him . However, he didn’t dare to blow himself up since he was still in the middle of the Demon Race’s formation . If he exploded, then he might take his allies along with him . Because of this, he can only swallow his hatred and normally die .

As soon as the two Demons dies, two spatial rifts appeared right beside them, swallowing them in the process . Then at Zhao Hai’s side were another two spatial rifts where two undead Demons appeared . At the same time, an additional two people appeared . One was Berry while the other was someone the Demon Dragon King haven’t seen before . This person looked like an assassin, he also had a rapier strapped on his back .

Naturally, this person was Shun . He hasn’t been idle after becoming God-rank . Although he had been sparring with Shue, no positive results ever came forth . He was yet to acquire his own Domain .

Shue told him about his experience on how he managed to comprehend a Domain . Because of this, Shun went and looked for a God-rank Demon during the battle and attacked him, hoping to gain insight into his Domain .

In the end, he succeeded . And unexpectedly, his Domain was actually the same stealth type Domain as Berry’s . Berry’s Domain was a huge hook while Shun’s Domain was a rapier .

While the Demons were yet to reorganize, Berry and Shun used this opportunity to kill God-rank Demons . And in order to ensure their safety, Lizzy quickly took them back to the Space before sending them to Zhao Hai’s side .

Zhao Hai turned his head to look at their eyes and nodded, “Good, nice job . But don’t take such huge risks next time . ” Then he turned his head back to the Demon Dragon King .

At this time, Lizzy’s voice sounded in Zhao Hai’s ear, “Big Brother Hai, demon scorpion . Pay attention since the undead are using their javelins . ”





At this time, Lizzy’s voice sounded in Zhao Hai’s ear, “Big Brother Hai, demon scorpion . Pay attention since the undead are using their javelins . ”

ZHao Hai nodded, then his figure moved and returned inside the formation . After that, the undead formed the demon scorpion formation, the one they also used back against the Fishmen . Since Zhao Hai wasn’t needed at the front, he was repositioned to be at the tail end of the scorpion .

It didn’t take a long time before the cube formation changed into the demon scorpion . After seeing this change, the Demon Dragon King’s expression couldn’t help but turn ugly . He was yet to put his men in order, and now they were clashing again?

The Demon Dragon King couldn’t’ do anything but wave his flag, urging the Demons to retreat . Both the elites and average soldiers continued to draw back . And as they were retreating, they were also rearranging themselves .

The Demon Dragon King had small time to think about new formations . This demon scorpion looked more menacing compared to the drill . Some of the troops on the left and right of the Demon Army went forward and clashed with the two claws of the scorpion .

Despite their current situation, the Demon Dragon King was still confident about the strength of the Demons . He believes that even Zhao Hai’s undead army wouldn’t be able to face the might of the Demons .

However, he was mistaken this time . Zhao Hai simply didn’t give them time to reorganize . When the Demons reached the firing distance, the undead immediately peppered them with javelins .

The Demon Dragon King’s expression couldn’t help but change after seeing the rain of javelins . Zhao Hai didn’t use javelins before, but they already lost too much . Now that javelins were back in the fray, the Demon army’s losses would surely pile up .

But this wasn’t the end . Just as the Demon Dragon King was feeling regret, the skies above him suddenly darkened . A drill formation had appeared from above, and their target was him .



The Demon Dragon King’s expression couldn’t help but change after seeing the rain of javelins . Zhao Hai didn’t use javelins before, but they already lost too much . Now that javelins were back in the fray, the Demon army’s losses would surely pile up .

But this wasn’t the end . Just as the Demon Dragon King was feeling regret, the skies above him suddenly darkened . A drill formation had appeared from above, and their target was him .

The Demon Dragon King calmed himself down . At this time, changing his position was too late . Just as he was about to be killed, two people suddenly flew up from the side of the Demon Dragon King . The two greeted Zhao Hai’s drill and when they were in a sufficient distance away, they blew themselves up .

These two people were God-rank Demons, so their explosions weren’t weak . Zhao Hai felt the tremendous impact from the explosion on his Domain . His whole figure shook, his face drained of color . Before long, his advance slowed down before he ultimately led his undead to draw back .

The explosions of the God-rank Demons also caused huge damage to the Demon Army . Aside from the Demon King and others who could support a Domain, nearly 10 thousand 9th ranked Demon were killed from the impact .

However, this didn’t mean that the Demon Dragon King remained unscathed, he was also quite injured . But this was the only way to deal with Zhao Hai . If the Demon Dragon King dies, then the whole Demon Army would be finished .

A brave soldier wouldn’t hesitate to sacrifice his arm, and the Demon Army didn’t lack these brave soldiers . Blood dripped on the corners of the Demon Dragon King’s mouth . He knew that fighting would only bring more casualties to the Demons . Because of this, he immediately shouted, “All armies draw back . Return to Demon City!”

This order was quickly passed down to each Demon . The entire Demon Army immediately formed groups before they slowly retreated . On the other hand, there was no way for Zhao Hai to let this opportunity go . Batches upon batches of javelins rained one after another, peppering the entire Demon Army . One could say that every step the Demon Army made, people died . However, they still didn’t dare to turn their heads and fight with Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King knew that even more deaths would occur if they do so .

 Chapter 786 A Brave Soldier Breaks His Arm After thinking up to here, the Demon Dragon King couldn t help but force a smile . He can now feel pressure from Zhao Hai s strength . Demons who couldn t withstand the attacks would blow themselves up, unwilling to be turned into undead . However, Zhao Hai actually managed to massacre a large number of Divine Race soldiers and turn them into undead . One must know that the Divine Race were generally stronger compared to the Demons . In this case, for Zhao Hai to turn a large number of them into undead wasn t a good idea for the Demon Race . But the Demon Dragon King doesn t have the time to think about this right now . Zhao Hai had already started his killing, and the Demon Dragon King knew how strong he was . Although the Demons still had a lot of experts, as long as Zhao Hai can grasp an opportunity, then he could surely eradicate every single Demon here . Zhao Hai s Domain was still in its drill form as it went about its killing spree . There were some God rank Demons who wanted to stop Zhao Hai . However, upon meeting the Domain, they were immediately shredded to death . The Demon Dragon King shouted, Retreat Just as he said that, his Dragon Domain appeared as he slowly drew back . At the same time, his flag kept waving back and forth . It was a signal known to all Demons, informing them to retreat . Although the Demons were fighting against Zhao Hai s undead army, they were also keeping attention to the Demon Dragon King s flag . Upon seeing the Demon Dragon King s flag, the Demons immediately fought while going in the direction of Demon City . However, this feat wouldn t be very easy . The small drills formed by the undead were like slippery fishes, retreating from such conditions was very difficult . This scene also made Zhao Hai understand how the Demons can survive in a place such as the Demon Realm . And at this time, some Demons had stayed behind . These Demons didn t proceed to retreat, instead, they blew themselves up . This caused resounding explosions from all directions, causing massive casualties among the undead . After Lizzy and Megan saw this, they knew that the Demons had went all out . They didn t want to fight with the Demons in this situation . Because of this, Lizzy immediately ordered the undead to clump up while pursuing, allowing the Demons more time to withdraw . But just as the undead drew back, various cavalry units appeared beside the Demon Army before throwing javelins towards the retreating army . Zhao Hai was still using his harassment tactics against the undead, causing more chaos to appear . The Demon Dragon King couldn t help but feel a pain on his heart . He turned his head and looked at Zhao Hai, who had finished reorganizing his army . Also, the Demon Dragon King can also see undead Demons among Zhao Hai s undead army, During the battle, there were still Demons who weren t able to blow themselves up . Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn t let their deaths be a waste, he turned them into undead immediately . When he saw this, the Demon Dragon King couldn t help but clench his jaws . His hate for Zhao Hai had reached an all time high . However, he discovered something that made him frustrated . The speed of his army wasn t as fast as Zhao Hai s . Before they had regrouped, the undead were already finished . At the same time, the cavalry units were already on the sides of the Demon Army . It seems like they were boxed in with one side missing . While the Demon Dragon King was looking at Zhao Hai s army in a daze, two pitiful yells woke him up . The Demon Dragon King immediately turned his head to see a God ranked expert s separated head and then another God ranked expert with a hold in their neck . But even then, nothing was seen beside them . The God ranked Demon with a hole on his neck was still alive when the Demon Dragon King saw him . However, he didn t dare to blow himself up since he was still in the middle of the Demon Race s formation . If he exploded, then he might take his allies along with him . Because of this, he can only swallow his hatred and normally die . As soon as the two Demons dies, two spatial rifts appeared right beside them, swallowing them in the process . Then at Zhao Hai s side were another two spatial rifts where two undead Demons appeared . At the same time, an additional two people appeared . One was Berry while the other was someone the Demon Dragon King haven t seen before . This person looked like an assassin, he also had a rapier strapped on his back . Naturally, this person was Shun . He hasn t been idle after becoming God rank . Although he had been sparring with Shue, no positive results ever came forth . He was yet to acquire his own Domain . Shue told him about his experience on how he managed to comprehend a Domain . Because of this, Shun went and looked for a God rank Demon during the battle and attacked him, hoping to gain insight into his Domain . In the end, he succeeded . And unexpectedly, his Domain was actually the same stealth type Domain as Berry s . Berry s Domain was a huge hook while Shun s Domain was a rapier . While the Demons were yet to reorganize, Berry and Shun used this opportunity to kill God rank Demons . And in order to ensure their safety, Lizzy quickly took them back to the Space before sending them to Zhao Hai s side . Zhao Hai turned his head to look at their eyes and nodded, Good, nice job . But don t take such huge risks next time . Then he turned his head back to the Demon Dragon King . At this time, Lizzy s voice sounded in Zhao Hai s ear, Big Brother Hai, demon scorpion . Pay attention since the undead are using their javelins . ZHao Hai nodded, then his figure moved and returned inside the formation . After that, the undead formed the demon scorpion formation, the one they also used back against the Fishmen . Since Zhao Hai wasn t needed at the front, he was repositioned to be at the tail end of the scorpion . It didn t take a long time before the cube formation changed into the demon scorpion . After seeing this change, the Demon Dragon King s expression couldn t help but turn ugly . He was yet to put his men in order, and now they were clashing again The Demon Dragon King couldn t do anything but wave his flag, urging the Demons to retreat . Both the elites and average soldiers continued to draw back . And as they were retreating, they were also rearranging themselves . The Demon Dragon King had small time to think about new formations . This demon scorpion looked more menacing compared to the drill . Some of the troops on the left and right of the Demon Army went forward and clashed with the two claws of the scorpion . Despite their current situation, the Demon Dragon King was still confident about the strength of the Demons . He believes that even Zhao Hai s undead army wouldn t be able to face the might of the Demons . However, he was mistaken this time . Zhao Hai simply didn t give them time to reorganize . When the Demons reached the firing distance, the undead immediately peppered them with javelins . The Demon Dragon King s expression couldn t help but change after seeing the rain of javelins . Zhao Hai didn t use javelins before, but they already lost too much . Now that javelins were back in the fray, the Demon army s losses would surely pile up . But this wasn t the end . Just as the Demon Dragon King was feeling regret, the skies above him suddenly darkened . A drill formation had appeared from above, and their target was him . The Demon Dragon King calmed himself down . At this time, changing his position was too late . Just as he was about to be killed, two people suddenly flew up from the side of the Demon Dragon King . The two greeted Zhao Hai s drill and when they were in a sufficient distance away, they blew themselves up . These two people were God rank Demons, so their explosions weren t weak . Zhao Hai felt the tremendous impact from the explosion on his Domain . His whole figure shook, his face drained of color . Before long, his advance slowed down before he ultimately led his undead to draw back . The explosions of the God rank Demons also caused huge damage to the Demon Army . Aside from the Demon King and others who could support a Domain, nearly 10 thousand 9th ranked Demon were killed from the impact . However, this didn t mean that the Demon Dragon King remained unscathed, he was also quite injured . But this was the only way to deal with Zhao Hai . If the Demon Dragon King dies, then the whole Demon Army would be finished . A brave soldier wouldn t hesitate to sacrifice his arm, and the Demon Army didn t lack these brave soldiers . Blood dripped on the corners of the Demon Dragon King s mouth . He knew that fighting would only bring more casualties to the Demons . Because of this, he immediately shouted, All armies draw back . Return to Demon City This order was quickly passed down to each Demon . The entire Demon Army immediately formed groups before they slowly retreated . On the other hand, there was no way for Zhao Hai to let this opportunity go . Batches upon batches of javelins rained one after another, peppering the entire Demon Army . One could say that every step the Demon Army made, people died . However, they still didn t dare to turn their heads and fight with Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King knew that even more deaths would occur if they do so .





* * *





Chapter 787 – Drastic Changes In The Icefield

It was a road of death . Every minute, Demons would die . Zhao Hai’s javelins were like a weapon of the Grim Reaper . Each volley caused deaths to mount up .

At this time, the Demon Dragon King deeply regretted his decision to continue their advance . Under such attacks, he wasn’t sure how many people would survive upon returning to Demon City .

The Demons left on the other cities were completely vulnerable in front of Zhao Hai’s army . They were completely unable to stop the attacks .

There was no other way for the Demon Dragon King other than retreat . They were pursued by Zhao Hai up until they reached Demon City . After the Demons arrived, Zhao Hai stopped . He didn’t say a single word as he led his undead and promptly turned back . The Demons had a lot of troops in Demon City . It wouldn’t be good if they were compelled to desperate methods .

After seeing Zhao Hai retreat, the Demon Dragon King let out a long breath . This time, he had led 30 million troops to battle . But now, the number hardly reached 20 million . In this fight, he had lost a third of his troops .

A lot of Demons died in the last battle . They were very heroic, and if they weren’t faced with undead, then they might have already won .

Most armies wouldn’t be able to keep their composure if they lost a third of their numbers . Only the strong willed Demons were able to achieve this feat . But even then, they weren’t proud of this achievement . It was because they lost, they were completely defeated . Moreover, this wasn’t their first defeat in the hands of the same person .





After the Demon Dragon King returned to Demon City, he immediately arranged for those who came with him to take a rest . He also returned to his room to heal himself while also sending a letter to the Great Demon King .

In just one battle, they had lost more than 10 million people . This was something that the Demon Dragon King didn’t imagine . In the past, even the Divine Race wouldn’t think that a battle in the Ark Continent would take so many lives . There were many wars where the Demon Dragon King lost the same number of men, however, he didn’t think that he would do so in the hands of one person .

After Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately arranged people to reoccupy the vacated cities . At this time, the Buddha Empire regained its calm .

Zhao Hai’s two battles between the Demons and the Divine Race had spread to the entire Ark Continent . It didn’t matter if they were Humans or other races, when they received this news, a scene of jubilation erupted .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t idle . He was preparing for another matter, carrying his attack on the Radiant Empire . Zhao Hai was tired of being the receiving end of the attack, he wanted to take shot at the enemy .

Now that the Demons were heavily damaged, Zhao Hai believed that they would stay put for some time . On the other hand, although the Divine Race had lost some people, their major losses were the barbarians and the winged pegasus armies . Because of this, their losses weren’t that great, they may send their troops again at any time .

To be honest, Zhao Hai’s action was mainly in order to get some goblins . At the same time, he also wanted to see whether he can grab one or two magic cannons from the Divine Race .

When Zhao Hai told his plans to Lizzy, she immediately agreed . Although they had lost some undead in the battle against the Demons, their losses of about a million was still smaller compared to the 10 million from the Demons . The battle was completely their victory .

Since they had lost a little, their overall strength wasn’t affected . If they want to attack, they can attack, if they want to defend then they can defend . They still had many tactics that they could use .





Since they had lost a little, their overall strength wasn’t affected . If they want to attack, they can attack, if they want to defend then they can defend . They still had many tactics that they could use .

Additionally, acquiring goblins for their abilities as well as the magic cannons was something that would benefit their army . Nobody would certainly oppose to this decision .

However, before they could go and deal with the Divine Race, they would still need ample understanding about their structure . They need to think about where to attack from and which place to attack . They wouldn’t want a long term battle against the Divine Race .

As Zhao Hai planned his actions inside the Space, various troops had arrived in the Buddha Empire . Zhao Hai had already left orders for the veteran troops to teach the newcomers . Although these people weren’t really newcomers when it came to battles, they were still greenhorns when it came to fighting the Demons and the Divine Race . They still need those with experience to guide them .

This matter didn’t need Zhao Hai’s direct supervision . He just gave some orders and left it all to the other troops . At the same time, he also gave them sufficient supplies while emphasizing that the troops needed to take a rest .


One day, while Zhao Hai was studying the composition of the Divine Race army, Cai’er’s voice was suddenly heard, “Young Master, the God-rank potion is finished . ”

When he heard this, Zhao Hai immediately stood up . With a smile on his face he told Laura, “Call Blockhead and Rockhead over to the Space . ”

Laura nodded before calling Blockhead and Rockhead over . The two of them already knew about Zhao Hai’s plan, therefore they used the past few days to hand their current tasks over as they waited for Zhao Hai’s call .





Laura nodded before calling Blockhead and Rockhead over . The two of them already knew about Zhao Hai’s plan, therefore they used the past few days to hand their current tasks over as they waited for Zhao Hai’s call .

When the two entered the Space, Zhao Hai didn’t waste any time and immediately gave them the potions . Then he pushed them to a room and forbade people from disturbing their cultivation .

During the early times when Shue was using the God-rank potion, Zhao Hai was still very anxious . But now, he was already calm . He knew that the God rank potions would work . Unless they forced the potion on a dead person, then they won’t have anything to worry about .

Shortly after Blockhead and Rockhead entered the Space and when Zhao Hai was about to resume his study, the Beast King’s voice was suddenly transmitted from a messenger fish, “Little Hai, are you there? Little Hai? If you hear me, please talk . It’s an urgent matter!” Anxiety was clearly heard from the Beast King’s voice . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare as he immediately took the messenger fish and replied, “Your Majesty, what’s the problem?”

The Beast King’s voice was heard, “Little Hai, bad news . Large quantities of undead from the northern icefield are killing their way into the Prairie . The Polar Bear Tribe, White Tiger Tribe, and the Blue Hawk Tribe are already fighting them . In addition to undead, there are also plenty of Darkness lifeforms . They are all very strong . If you haven’t provided your potions, then these creatures might have already broken through . ”

When Zhao Hai heard this, his head couldn’t help but turn dizzy . But he recovered himself as he said, “What are the losses between the three tribes?” At the same time, the image of the northern icefield appeared on the Space’s monitor .

Just as the icefield was shown, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gasp . The everpresent white color of the icefield had completely changed, it had all been turned into black!

It seems like the entire northern icefield has been covered by a dark mist, it was extremely hard to see a thing . And inside this dark mist were large quantities of undead and creatures of the dark . Their activities seem to be absent of reason, but they had completely filled the entire icefield .

At this time, the Beast King replied, “Their losses aren’t huge, but the undead are very hard to deal with . They have poison in their bodies . Even the dark mist is poisonous . Although it wouldn’t kill people immediately, the poison would impede a person’s fighting strength . The tribes had no choice but to return to the Beastman Prairie . ”

Zhao Hai stared at the screen . He can understand the situation more than the Beast King . These undead and dark creatures were indeed numerous . At the same time, wherever these creatures go, the dark mist would follow them . Both of these influences slowly crept towards the center of the Beastman Prairie .



At this time, the Beast King replied, “Their losses aren’t huge, but the undead are very hard to deal with . They have poison in their bodies . Even the dark mist is poisonous . Although it wouldn’t kill people immediately, the poison would impede a person’s fighting strength . The tribes had no choice but to return to the Beastman Prairie . ”

Zhao Hai stared at the screen . He can understand the situation more than the Beast King . These undead and dark creatures were indeed numerous . At the same time, wherever these creatures go, the dark mist would follow them . Both of these influences slowly crept towards the center of the Beastman Prairie .

Zhao Hai immediately replied to the Beast King, “Your Majesty, don’t dispatch troops to the frontlines . Instead, have them form a defense in the Prairie . The undead and dark creatures are indeed too many . It is also clear that they aren’t under the control of the Demons . Get ready and have the tribes migrate towards the Aksu Empire . I will inform the people of the Empire . I’ll be keeping attention to the icefield, I’ll report whatever I find . ”

The Beast King agreed and didn’t say anything more . Zhao Hai placed the messenger fish down and slowly stood up . He looked at the screen with enraged eyes . He stopped himself from yelling out, he turned his head to Laura and said, “Inform the Aksu Empire that the Beastman are coming . We don’t want any misunderstanding to occur . . I’ll be heading to the icefield to take a look and see what is in there . ”

Laura and the others were also shaken by the news . The group absentmindedly nodded, for a moment they didn’t know what to say .

Zhao Hai’s figure moved and vanished from the Space as he appeared inside the northern icefield . As he appeared, he was immediately engulfed by the dark mist . Not far away from him was a skeleton . It had a silver white body that looked quite beautiful .

However, Zhao Hai was not in the mood to appreciate things right now . Just as he came out of the Space, a prompt was suddenly heard, “Huge amount of dark energy toxins entering the Host’s body . Activating detoxification measures . Toxins have been neutralized . Spatial water can now cure the toxin . Toxin added to the Space’s insecticide . ”

Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the poison would be so strong that it could actually affect his body . One must know that the spatial water was a powerful antidote against poisons . For the Space to actually proceed to clear the poison meant that the dark mist was very strong .

Just as Zhao Hai was thinking about the announcement, the silvery white skeleton took notice of him . The skeleton immediately charged towards Zhao Hai . At this time, Zhao Hai paid attention to the skeleton . It was very fast and should have a strength not lower than 8th rank . Moreover, there was a silvery white blade on its hand, a type that was probably made from its own body .

Zhao Hai didn’t move, he just stood there and stared at the skeleton . Before long, the skeleton was already near Zhao Hai . It raised its sword up, intending to divide Zhao Hai in two . At this time, Zhao Hai raised his blood ghost staff, repelling the incoming attack . However, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but wrinkle his brow .

 Chapter 787 Drastic Changes In The Icefield It was a road of death . Every minute, Demons would die . Zhao Hai s javelins were like a weapon of the Grim Reaper . Each volley caused deaths to mount up . At this time, the Demon Dragon King deeply regretted his decision to continue their advance . Under such attacks, he wasn t sure how many people would survive upon returning to Demon City . The Demons left on the other cities were completely vulnerable in front of Zhao Hai s army . They were completely unable to stop the attacks . There was no other way for the Demon Dragon King other than retreat . They were pursued by Zhao Hai up until they reached Demon City . After the Demons arrived, Zhao Hai stopped . He didn t say a single word as he led his undead and promptly turned back . The Demons had a lot of troops in Demon City . It wouldn t be good if they were compelled to desperate methods . After seeing Zhao Hai retreat, the Demon Dragon King let out a long breath . This time, he had led 30 million troops to battle . But now, the number hardly reached 20 million . In this fight, he had lost a third of his troops . A lot of Demons died in the last battle . They were very heroic, and if they weren t faced with undead, then they might have already won . Most armies wouldn t be able to keep their composure if they lost a third of their numbers . Only the strong willed Demons were able to achieve this feat . But even then, they weren t proud of this achievement . It was because they lost, they were completely defeated . Moreover, this wasn t their first defeat in the hands of the same person . After the Demon Dragon King returned to Demon City, he immediately arranged for those who came with him to take a rest . He also returned to his room to heal himself while also sending a letter to the Great Demon King . In just one battle, they had lost more than 10 million people . This was something that the Demon Dragon King didn t imagine . In the past, even the Divine Race wouldn t think that a battle in the Ark Continent would take so many lives . There were many wars where the Demon Dragon King lost the same number of men, however, he didn t think that he would do so in the hands of one person . After Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately arranged people to reoccupy the vacated cities . At this time, the Buddha Empire regained its calm . Zhao Hai s two battles between the Demons and the Divine Race had spread to the entire Ark Continent . It didn t matter if they were Humans or other races, when they received this news, a scene of jubilation erupted . However, Zhao Hai didn t idle . He was preparing for another matter, carrying his attack on the Radiant Empire . Zhao Hai was tired of being the receiving end of the attack, he wanted to take shot at the enemy . Now that the Demons were heavily damaged, Zhao Hai believed that they would stay put for some time . On the other hand, although the Divine Race had lost some people, their major losses were the barbarians and the winged pegasus armies . Because of this, their losses weren t that great, they may send their troops again at any time . To be honest, Zhao Hai s action was mainly in order to get some goblins . At the same time, he also wanted to see whether he can grab one or two magic cannons from the Divine Race . When Zhao Hai told his plans to Lizzy, she immediately agreed . Although they had lost some undead in the battle against the Demons, their losses of about a million was still smaller compared to the 10 million from the Demons . The battle was completely their victory . Since they had lost a little, their overall strength wasn t affected . If they want to attack, they can attack, if they want to defend then they can defend . They still had many tactics that they could use . Additionally, acquiring goblins for their abilities as well as the magic cannons was something that would benefit their army . Nobody would certainly oppose to this decision . However, before they could go and deal with the Divine Race, they would still need ample understanding about their structure . They need to think about where to attack from and which place to attack . They wouldn t want a long term battle against the Divine Race . As Zhao Hai planned his actions inside the Space, various troops had arrived in the Buddha Empire . Zhao Hai had already left orders for the veteran troops to teach the newcomers . Although these people weren t really newcomers when it came to battles, they were still greenhorns when it came to fighting the Demons and the Divine Race . They still need those with experience to guide them . This matter didn t need Zhao Hai s direct supervision . He just gave some orders and left it all to the other troops . At the same time, he also gave them sufficient supplies while emphasizing that the troops needed to take a rest . . One day, while Zhao Hai was studying the composition of the Divine Race army, Cai er s voice was suddenly heard, Young Master, the God rank potion is finished . When he heard this, Zhao Hai immediately stood up . With a smile on his face he told Laura, Call Blockhead and Rockhead over to the Space . Laura nodded before calling Blockhead and Rockhead over . The two of them already knew about Zhao Hai s plan, therefore they used the past few days to hand their current tasks over as they waited for Zhao Hai s call . When the two entered the Space, Zhao Hai didn t waste any time and immediately gave them the potions . Then he pushed them to a room and forbade people from disturbing their cultivation . During the early times when Shue was using the God rank potion, Zhao Hai was still very anxious . But now, he was already calm . He knew that the God rank potions would work . Unless they forced the potion on a dead person, then they won t have anything to worry about . Shortly after Blockhead and Rockhead entered the Space and when Zhao Hai was about to resume his study, the Beast King s voice was suddenly transmitted from a messenger fish, Little Hai, are you there Little Hai If you hear me, please talk . It s an urgent matter Anxiety was clearly heard from the Beast King s voice . Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare as he immediately took the messenger fish and replied, Your Majesty, what s the problem The Beast King s voice was heard, Little Hai, bad news . Large quantities of undead from the northern icefield are killing their way into the Prairie . The Polar Bear Tribe, White Tiger Tribe, and the Blue Hawk Tribe are already fighting them . In addition to undead, there are also plenty of Darkness lifeforms . They are all very strong . If you haven t provided your potions, then these creatures might have already broken through . When Zhao Hai heard this, his head couldn t help but turn dizzy . But he recovered himself as he said, What are the losses between the three tribes At the same time, the image of the northern icefield appeared on the Space s monitor . Just as the icefield was shown, Zhao Hai couldn t help but gasp . The everpresent white color of the icefield had completely changed, it had all been turned into black It seems like the entire northern icefield has been covered by a dark mist, it was extremely hard to see a thing . And inside this dark mist were large quantities of undead and creatures of the dark . Their activities seem to be absent of reason, but they had completely filled the entire icefield . At this time, the Beast King replied, Their losses aren t huge, but the undead are very hard to deal with . They have poison in their bodies . Even the dark mist is poisonous . Although it wouldn t kill people immediately, the poison would impede a person s fighting strength . The tribes had no choice but to return to the Beastman Prairie . Zhao Hai stared at the screen . He can understand the situation more than the Beast King . These undead and dark creatures were indeed numerous . At the same time, wherever these creatures go, the dark mist would follow them . Both of these influences slowly crept towards the center of the Beastman Prairie . Zhao Hai immediately replied to the Beast King, Your Majesty, don t dispatch troops to the frontlines . Instead, have them form a defense in the Prairie . The undead and dark creatures are indeed too many . It is also clear that they aren t under the control of the Demons . Get ready and have the tribes migrate towards the Aksu Empire . I will inform the people of the Empire . I ll be keeping attention to the icefield, I ll report whatever I find . The Beast King agreed and didn t say anything more . Zhao Hai placed the messenger fish down and slowly stood up . He looked at the screen with enraged eyes . He stopped himself from yelling out, he turned his head to Laura and said, Inform the Aksu Empire that the Beastman are coming . We don t want any misunderstanding to occur . . I ll be heading to the icefield to take a look and see what is in there . Laura and the others were also shaken by the news . The group absentmindedly nodded, for a moment they didn t know what to say . Zhao Hai s figure moved and vanished from the Space as he appeared inside the northern icefield . As he appeared, he was immediately engulfed by the dark mist . Not far away from him was a skeleton . It had a silver white body that looked quite beautiful . However, Zhao Hai was not in the mood to appreciate things right now . Just as he came out of the Space, a prompt was suddenly heard, Huge amount of dark energy toxins entering the Host s body . Activating detoxification measures . Toxins have been neutralized . Spatial water can now cure the toxin . Toxin added to the Space s insecticide . Zhao Hai stared, he didn t think that the poison would be so strong that it could actually affect his body . One must know that the spatial water was a powerful antidote against poisons . For the Space to actually proceed to clear the poison meant that the dark mist was very strong . Just as Zhao Hai was thinking about the announcement, the silvery white skeleton took notice of him . The skeleton immediately charged towards Zhao Hai . At this time, Zhao Hai paid attention to the skeleton . It was very fast and should have a strength not lower than 8th rank . Moreover, there was a silvery white blade on its hand, a type that was probably made from its own body . Zhao Hai didn t move, he just stood there and stared at the skeleton . Before long, the skeleton was already near Zhao Hai . It raised its sword up, intending to divide Zhao Hai in two . At this time, Zhao Hai raised his blood ghost staff, repelling the incoming attack . However, Zhao Hai couldn t help but wrinkle his brow .





* * *





Chapter 788 – Fuck, This Is Bullshit!

Zhao Hai frowned . Naturally, this wasn’t because he was injured . The skeleton was just about 8th rank, so how could it injure him? Zhao Hai frowned because of the raw strength of the undead . Although it was only 8th rank, it’s power was surprisingly great . The skeleton was actually as strong as a similarly ranked barbarian .

The barbarians were very strong, they were even stronger than most Beastmen . Although the Beastmen were much stronger than the Humans, they were evenly powered with barbarians . And now, this skeleton was as strong as them? Zhao Hai didn’t expect this .

After the silver white skeleton saw that Zhao Hai had repelled its attack, it actually didn’t stop . Instead, it moved and went on to kick Zhao Hai .

Once again, this made Zhao Hai stare . Not only was the skeleton strong, it was actually quick as well . Its movement was much nimbler compared to the other undead .

Naturally, compared to the undead from the Space, this skeleton was nothing . However, it was still an extraordinary event that an uncontrolled undead could exhibit these kinds of movements .





Zhao Hai moved his body and blocked the skeleton’s attack once more . At this time, the skeleton opened its mouth and let out a very loud roar . As the sound resonated, Zhao Hai scanned the surroundings with his divine sense . All the skeletons around them were unexpectedly rushing towards Zhao Hai . This caused another surprise from Zhao Hai, he didn’t think that the skeleton was able to call the other skeletons over . They actually had some sort of communication with each other .

Besides the skeletons in the Space, this was the first time that Zhao Hai saw an intelligent skeleton like this . But he wasn’t afraid . He was planning on capturing these skeletons to see how special they were .

Zhao Hai was certain that these undead weren’t from the Demon Realm . Although there were also wild undead from the Demon Realm, these undead weren’t intelligent . Moreover, the undead in the Demon realm didn’t have this poisonous mist going along with them .

Zhao Hai waved his blood ghost staff and turned it into a large net . He covered the silver skeleton with the net before he flung it into the Space .

As the skeleton entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, “Virally positive robot detected . Eliminating the virus, virus eliminated . Discovered robot to be hostile towards the Space . Subduing the robot, robot has surrendered . ”

“Evolution class robot has been detected . Extracting advantages . All robots in the space can now evolve . ”

Zhao Hai stared at this announcement before he smiled . He turned his head and looked at the surrounding skeletons who were coming towards him . Zhao Hai waved his blood ghost staff continuously as he threw skeletons to the Space one after another . However, no further prompts were heard from the Space . Moreover, Zhao Hai saw that these skeletons were silvery white like the ones before . They were much darker wood in color, seemingly like bronze .





Zhao Hai stared at this announcement before he smiled . He turned his head and looked at the surrounding skeletons who were coming towards him . Zhao Hai waved his blood ghost staff continuously as he threw skeletons to the Space one after another . However, no further prompts were heard from the Space . Moreover, Zhao Hai saw that these skeletons were silvery white like the ones before . They were much darker wood in color, seemingly like bronze .

Seeing that nothing remained in the surroundings, Zhao Hai’s body flashed and returned to the Space . Then he turned the silver skeleton into a zombie . After turning the silver skeleton into a zombie, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare, the zombie was very handsome .

However, Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to pay attention to its face . He immediately asked, “What is your name? And where did you come from?”

The skeleton quickly bowed and answered, “Answering the Master . I am called Ginko, the place the I was born in is called the Underworld, initially as a low-level undead . ”

Zhao Hai gawked, then his complexion changed as he said, “Did you just say that you came from the Underworld? Does the Underworld really exist?”

Ginko nodded and said, “Yes Master . I am from the Underworld . I don’t know when I woke up, but at that time, I was a low level grey skeleton . But after killing other skeletons and absorbing their soul fire, I turned into a white skeleton . After that, I became a black skeleton and then a bronze skeleton . At the moment, I am a silver skeleton . ” Zhao Hai looked blankly at the skeleton named Ginko . He didn’t think that the underworld really exists . The Underworld was just a plane found in legends . It was even more mysterious compared to the Demon and the Divine Race . And now, there was this skeleton saying that he was from that same Underworld .

The expressions of Laura and the others were also quite ugly . At this time, Zhao Hai looked at Ginko and said, “Just call me Young Master . Since you said that you’re from the Underworld, how did you appear here?”





The expressions of Laura and the others were also quite ugly . At this time, Zhao Hai looked at Ginko and said, “Just call me Young Master . Since you said that you’re from the Underworld, how did you appear here?”

Ginko replied, “Answering to the Young Master, I also don’t know . Just one day, a large hole appeared not far away from my territory . I walked into that hole and then arrived here . ” Zhao Hai’s expression turned uglier . He was certain that a spatial rift had appeared in the Underworld, causing Ginko and the others to come here .

Zhao Hai asked once more, “What is the strongest existence in the Underworld? What grade do you belong to?”

Ginko replied, “Answering to the Young Master . The strongest being in the Underworld is the Hell King . However, the Hell King rarely appears, so the true control of the Underworld relies on the God Kings of the various races . I am just one of the lower beings in the Underworld . I am stronger compared to the grey, white, black, and bronze skeletons . Those above me are the gold skeletons, variant skeletons, crystal skeletons, and the skeleton King . There are also the Skeleton Saint, the Skeleton God, and the Skeleton God King above that . ’

Zhao Hai nodded . From what he heard, it seems like the skeletons in the Underworld were divided into 12 ranks . Ginko was in the fifth rank and there were seven ranks who were stronger than him . And since Ginko was equivalent to an 8th rank expert, how powerful were those above him?

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai immediately said, “Ginko, how stronger is the rank higher than you?”

Ginko immediately replied, “Young master, gold skeletons are much stronger and faster than me . A single gold skeleton can fight against ten silver skeletons . Variant skeletons are even more powerful than gold skeletons . Aside from having a harder weapon, they also had their own abilities . These abilities are far different than those on the lower ranks . Crystal skeletons are an evolution of the variant skeletons . Aside from having the abilities of the variant skeletons, crystal skeletons are a qualitative improvement to the variant skeletons . Skeleton Kings are the ones above crystal skeletons . Skeleton Kings have the ability to subdue crystal skeletons to be their subordinates . Then there are the stronger skeleton saints who have the ability to control the heaven and the earth around them . The rank higher than skeleton saint is the skeleton god . Their control over the heavens and the earth would become much more formidable . As for the skeleton god king, I’ll have to ask for forgiveness, I haven’t heard about them . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he can somewhat understand how these skeletons were divided . The details of their power was more pronounced compared to the Humans . From what he understood, controlling the heavens and the earth was actually the Domain . That is to say, unless one becomes a skeleton saint, then they would become Demigods on the verge of comprehending a Domain . Skeleton Gods would be the God-ranks who had their own Domains while skeleton god kings should be Saint Gods . As for the Hell King, Zhao Hai believed that it may be a cultivator like Lu Wei . Zhao Hai thought for a moment before asking another question, “Are there a lot of skeleton saints in the Underworld?”



Ginko immediately replied, “Young master, gold skeletons are much stronger and faster than me . A single gold skeleton can fight against ten silver skeletons . Variant skeletons are even more powerful than gold skeletons . Aside from having a harder weapon, they also had their own abilities . These abilities are far different than those on the lower ranks . Crystal skeletons are an evolution of the variant skeletons . Aside from having the abilities of the variant skeletons, crystal skeletons are a qualitative improvement to the variant skeletons . Skeleton Kings are the ones above crystal skeletons . Skeleton Kings have the ability to subdue crystal skeletons to be their subordinates . Then there are the stronger skeleton saints who have the ability to control the heaven and the earth around them . The rank higher than skeleton saint is the skeleton god . Their control over the heavens and the earth would become much more formidable . As for the skeleton god king, I’ll have to ask for forgiveness, I haven’t heard about them . ”

Zhao Hai nodded, he can somewhat understand how these skeletons were divided . The details of their power was more pronounced compared to the Humans . From what he understood, controlling the heavens and the earth was actually the Domain . That is to say, unless one becomes a skeleton saint, then they would become Demigods on the verge of comprehending a Domain . Skeleton Gods would be the God-ranks who had their own Domains while skeleton god kings should be Saint Gods . As for the Hell King, Zhao Hai believed that it may be a cultivator like Lu Wei . Zhao Hai thought for a moment before asking another question, “Are there a lot of skeleton saints in the Underworld?”

Ginko nodded and said, “There are plenty of them in the Underworld . Not only the Skeleton race, the Zombie race, Lich Race, Magic Beast Race, and other races have saint level or above . As for their number, I don’t know . The Underworld is ust too big . And although the Skeleton race are most numerous creatures, we aren’t actually the strongest . Compared to the other races, the skeletons could be called weaker . ”

The frown on Zhao Hai’s face turned tighter . He didn’t expect this development . Silver skeletons were as strong as 8th ranks . Gold skeletons should not be far from being 9th ranks . This would make variant skeletons medium grade beings in the Underworld, and their number should be uncountable .

Now that a spatial rift to the underworld appeared, beings from the underworld would start to flood the Ark Continent . When that time comes, the Ark Continent would gain yet another strong enemy .

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get angry . He couldn’t bear it anymore as he cursed, “Fuck, this is bullshit!” After Zhao Hai arrived at the Ark Continent, he had always been a very careful person in maintaining his personal image . He was almost always polite in his speech . Although he didn’t care too much about how the nobles view him, he was now the representative of the Buda Clan, and he needed to preserve his clan’s face . Because of this, he had always chosen the words coming out of his mouth .

However, he couldn’t bear it this time . There were already the Demons and the Divine Race who wanted to take the Ark Continent . But now, there is the legendary Underworld . This development had completely disrupted Zhao Hai’s plans . So how could he not be angry?

 Chapter 788 Fuck, This Is Bullshit Zhao Hai frowned . Naturally, this wasn t because he was injured . The skeleton was just about 8th rank, so how could it injure him Zhao Hai frowned because of the raw strength of the undead . Although it was only 8th rank, it s power was surprisingly great . The skeleton was actually as strong as a similarly ranked barbarian . The barbarians were very strong, they were even stronger than most Beastmen . Although the Beastmen were much stronger than the Humans, they were evenly powered with barbarians . And now, this skeleton was as strong as them Zhao Hai didn t expect this . After the silver white skeleton saw that Zhao Hai had repelled its attack, it actually didn t stop . Instead, it moved and went on to kick Zhao Hai . Once again, this made Zhao Hai stare . Not only was the skeleton strong, it was actually quick as well . Its movement was much nimbler compared to the other undead . Naturally, compared to the undead from the Space, this skeleton was nothing . However, it was still an extraordinary event that an uncontrolled undead could exhibit these kinds of movements . Zhao Hai moved his body and blocked the skeleton s attack once more . At this time, the skeleton opened its mouth and let out a very loud roar . As the sound resonated, Zhao Hai scanned the surroundings with his divine sense . All the skeletons around them were unexpectedly rushing towards Zhao Hai . This caused another surprise from Zhao Hai, he didn t think that the skeleton was able to call the other skeletons over . They actually had some sort of communication with each other . Besides the skeletons in the Space, this was the first time that Zhao Hai saw an intelligent skeleton like this . But he wasn t afraid . He was planning on capturing these skeletons to see how special they were . Zhao Hai was certain that these undead weren t from the Demon Realm . Although there were also wild undead from the Demon Realm, these undead weren t intelligent . Moreover, the undead in the Demon realm didn t have this poisonous mist going along with them . Zhao Hai waved his blood ghost staff and turned it into a large net . He covered the silver skeleton with the net before he flung it into the Space . As the skeleton entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, Virally positive robot detected . Eliminating the virus, virus eliminated . Discovered robot to be hostile towards the Space . Subduing the robot, robot has surrendered . Evolution class robot has been detected . Extracting advantages . All robots in the space can now evolve . Zhao Hai stared at this announcement before he smiled . He turned his head and looked at the surrounding skeletons who were coming towards him . Zhao Hai waved his blood ghost staff continuously as he threw skeletons to the Space one after another . However, no further prompts were heard from the Space . Moreover, Zhao Hai saw that these skeletons were silvery white like the ones before . They were much darker wood in color, seemingly like bronze . Seeing that nothing remained in the surroundings, Zhao Hai s body flashed and returned to the Space . Then he turned the silver skeleton into a zombie . After turning the silver skeleton into a zombie, Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare, the zombie was very handsome . However, Zhao Hai wasn t in the mood to pay attention to its face . He immediately asked, What is your name And where did you come from The skeleton quickly bowed and answered, Answering the Master . I am called Ginko, the place the I was born in is called the Underworld, initially as a low level undead . Zhao Hai gawked, then his complexion changed as he said, Did you just say that you came from the Underworld Does the Underworld really exist Ginko nodded and said, Yes Master . I am from the Underworld . I don t know when I woke up, but at that time, I was a low level grey skeleton . But after killing other skeletons and absorbing their soul fire, I turned into a white skeleton . After that, I became a black skeleton and then a bronze skeleton . At the moment, I am a silver skeleton . Zhao Hai looked blankly at the skeleton named Ginko . He didn t think that the underworld really exists . The Underworld was just a plane found in legends . It was even more mysterious compared to the Demon and the Divine Race . And now, there was this skeleton saying that he was from that same Underworld . The expressions of Laura and the others were also quite ugly . At this time, Zhao Hai looked at Ginko and said, Just call me Young Master . Since you said that you re from the Underworld, how did you appear here Ginko replied, Answering to the Young Master, I also don t know . Just one day, a large hole appeared not far away from my territory . I walked into that hole and then arrived here . Zhao Hai s expression turned uglier . He was certain that a spatial rift had appeared in the Underworld, causing Ginko and the others to come here . Zhao Hai asked once more, What is the strongest existence in the Underworld What grade do you belong to Ginko replied, Answering to the Young Master . The strongest being in the Underworld is the Hell King . However, the Hell King rarely appears, so the true control of the Underworld relies on the God Kings of the various races . I am just one of the lower beings in the Underworld . I am stronger compared to the grey, white, black, and bronze skeletons . Those above me are the gold skeletons, variant skeletons, crystal skeletons, and the skeleton King . There are also the Skeleton Saint, the Skeleton God, and the Skeleton God King above that . Zhao Hai nodded . From what he heard, it seems like the skeletons in the Underworld were divided into 12 ranks . Ginko was in the fifth rank and there were seven ranks who were stronger than him . And since Ginko was equivalent to an 8th rank expert, how powerful were those above him After thinking about this, Zhao Hai immediately said, Ginko, how stronger is the rank higher than you Ginko immediately replied, Young master, gold skeletons are much stronger and faster than me . A single gold skeleton can fight against ten silver skeletons . Variant skeletons are even more powerful than gold skeletons . Aside from having a harder weapon, they also had their own abilities . These abilities are far different than those on the lower ranks . Crystal skeletons are an evolution of the variant skeletons . Aside from having the abilities of the variant skeletons, crystal skeletons are a qualitative improvement to the variant skeletons . Skeleton Kings are the ones above crystal skeletons . Skeleton Kings have the ability to subdue crystal skeletons to be their subordinates . Then there are the stronger skeleton saints who have the ability to control the heaven and the earth around them . The rank higher than skeleton saint is the skeleton god . Their control over the heavens and the earth would become much more formidable . As for the skeleton god king, I ll have to ask for forgiveness, I haven t heard about them . Zhao Hai nodded, he can somewhat understand how these skeletons were divided . The details of their power was more pronounced compared to the Humans . From what he understood, controlling the heavens and the earth was actually the Domain . That is to say, unless one becomes a skeleton saint, then they would become Demigods on the verge of comprehending a Domain . Skeleton Gods would be the God ranks who had their own Domains while skeleton god kings should be Saint Gods . As for the Hell King, Zhao Hai believed that it may be a cultivator like Lu Wei . Zhao Hai thought for a moment before asking another question, Are there a lot of skeleton saints in the Underworld Ginko nodded and said, There are plenty of them in the Underworld . Not only the Skeleton race, the Zombie race, Lich Race, Magic Beast Race, and other races have saint level or above . As for their number, I don t know . The Underworld is ust too big . And although the Skeleton race are most numerous creatures, we aren t actually the strongest . Compared to the other races, the skeletons could be called weaker . The frown on Zhao Hai s face turned tighter . He didn t expect this development . Silver skeletons were as strong as 8th ranks . Gold skeletons should not be far from being 9th ranks . This would make variant skeletons medium grade beings in the Underworld, and their number should be uncountable . Now that a spatial rift to the underworld appeared, beings from the underworld would start to flood the Ark Continent . When that time comes, the Ark Continent would gain yet another strong enemy . After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn t help but get angry . He couldn t bear it anymore as he cursed, Fuck, this is bullshit After Zhao Hai arrived at the Ark Continent, he had always been a very careful person in maintaining his personal image . He was almost always polite in his speech . Although he didn t care too much about how the nobles view him, he was now the representative of the Buda Clan, and he needed to preserve his clan s face . Because of this, he had always chosen the words coming out of his mouth . However, he couldn t bear it this time . There were already the Demons and the Divine Race who wanted to take the Ark Continent . But now, there is the legendary Underworld . This development had completely disrupted Zhao Hai s plans . So how could he not be angry





* * *



Chapter 789 – Last Resort! Good Or Bad?



This was also the first time that Laura and the others have heard those words coming out of Zhao Hai’s mouth . Naturally, they were aware about Zhao Hai’s anger, and they understood his mood . Zhao Hai’s tactics already placed them in an advantageous position against the Demons and the Divine Race . But now, the Underworld suddenly appeared, this caused all of Zhao Hai’s preparations to go to waste .



Zhao Hai’s past arrangement was to isolate the Demons and the Divine Race to the south of the continent while the area on the north becomes their rear .



Now that the Underworld appeared, it was like they were just stabbed at the back, with an extremely poisonous blade . Zhao Hai was already having headaches while dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . Having the Underworld’s presence didn’t help .



Laura was afraid that Zhao Hai would get too angry . She could still remember the time when Zhao Hai vomited blood after seeing what the Divine Race did . So she turned to Zhao Hai and hugged him, “Brother Hai, calm down . Please . If you get injured, the continent would be in grave trouble . ”



Lizzy and the others also ran over to appease Zhao Hai . After some time, Zhao Hai calmed down and breathed some air in . He patted Laura’s head and said, “I’m alright, I’m fine . ”



Zhao Hai waved his hand and stored Ginko . Then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, I just heard that the undead are now able to evolve . What does that mean?”



Cai’er looked at Zhao Hai with shining eyes as she replied, “Young Master, in the past, the undead can only upgrade their strength because of the Space and nothing to do with themselves . Now that Ginko has arrived, the undead’s natural ability to evolve has been absorbed into the space . Now, the undead can also evolve without the help of Fuwa and the Hell background . However, the speed of this evolution isn’t fast . ”



When he heard Cai’er, Zhao Hai gawked, then his two eyes shined as well as he said, “Good, that is good news . Any improvement to the undead is great for us . ”



One of Zhao Hai’s greatest worries was the promotion of the undead . Now that the undead can evolve on their own, Zhao Hai was naturally happy . However, when his thoughts went back to the Underworld, his mood couldn’t help but turn sour .



After seeing that Zhao Hai had recovered, Laura let go of Zhao Hai . Then she looked at Zhao Hai and felt sad, “Brother Hai, what do we do next? The Underworld is certainly as strong as the Demons and the Divine Race . This isn’t good for us, we cannot defend the Beastman Prairie . ”



Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Do we have any other choice? Aside from our last plan, we don’t have any other way . ”



Laura understood what Zhao Hai meant . Their last plan was to evacuate the Ark Continent’s entire population to the Space .



Lizzy knit her brows and said, “Brother Hai, doing that would be very problematic . Moreover, we don’t even know if the people would agree . ”



Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “We can only propose this matter to them and hope for the best . However, we still need to discuss this with Grandpa Green . Laura, please call Grandpa Green and the others over to the Space . And Shue, go and see Blockhead and Rockhead, go see why those two are taking so long to come out . ”



Laura and Shue nodded . Laura went on to call Green and the others while Shue went on to the room where Blockhead and Rockhead were .



Blockhead and Rockhead had already succeeded in their promotion and were now taking a bath . Shue went to their room and saw what they were doing, but he didn’t call the two . He just turned back and told Zhao Hai, “Young Master, they have been promoted successfully . They are now taking a bath . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand and said, “Take a seat . Shue, Shun, what do you think about taking the people of the Ark Continent into the Space?”



Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I agree to taking them to the Space . ”



Zhao Hai stared at Shue and said, “Why?”



Shue replied, “Young Master, do you remember what that immortal cultivator is doing in the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent? He is collecting faith power . It is obvious that this faith power is important to him . If Young Master gets promoted in the future, then wouldn’t you need faith power as well? If you have the people in the Ark Continent in the Space, then they would possibly look at you as a god . Maybe you can collect faith power from them . ” Zhao Hai stared, he wasn’t expecting Shue to present this reason .



At this time, Shun added, “That’s right . Young Master, before that immortal cultivator disappeared, he said that he will wait for you in the higher realm . If the Young Master gets stronger in the future, then you will certainly ascend to their plane . If the Young Master doesn’t have people to provide you with faith power, then you would be at a disadvantage . Also, the Young Master shouldn’t forget that the immortal cultivator has a huge sect behind him while the Young Master would have no background . Lastly, if the people of the Ark Continent come to the Space, then the Young Master can choose talented people and promote their strength . Maybe we can form our own sect to fight the immortal cultivators . ”



Zhao Hai looked blankly at both Shue and Shun . He wasn’t thinking at this angle before . However, it was indeed an advantageous move if the people of the Ark Continent were to come to the Space . But even then, it was a bit unfair to them . Zhao Hai frowned and said, “If that happens, then wouldn’t the people from the Ark Continent be like caged beasts in the Space?”



Shue replied, “Young Master, putting it that way isn’t pleasant to hear, it will cloud your decision . You have been managing the continent for all this time, so you should know that without you, the continent would have already fallen to the Demons and the Divine Race . Although they would indeed provide the Young Master with faith power once they live in the Space, you would also provide them with a safe place to live in . Also, they are prone to believe in god, so why not make them believe in you . At the very least, you wouldn’t enslave them, right?”



Laura and the others are blankly staring at Shue and Shun . To be honest, they haven’t thought of this, but Laura and the others had to recognize that Shue and Shun had a point . Having the people of the continent come to the Space would be very advantageous to Zhao Hai . Laura and the others already knew that the Space could make Zhao Hai favorable to those who were inside it . If the people of the Ark Continent migrates to the Space, then they would provide Zhao Hai with endless faith power . In the future, Zhao Hai wouldn’t be encumbered with the disadvantage of not having faith power .



The group looked at one another, it seems like Shue and Shun was already convinced by the Space . They were loyal to Zhao Hai would want to benefit him as much as possible .



Zhao Hai was frowning as he sat there . To be honest, he didn’t think that having the people of the Ark Continent in the Space would benefit him . He just didn’t want the Space to be known to others . Now that Shue and Shun told him about it, Zhao Hai was somewhat convinced that there wasn’t anything wrong to have the people of the continent migrate to the Space .



Still, he needed to make a decision after consulting Green and the others . After all, this matter was too big . And like Lizzy said, they were not sure if the people would agree .



Chapter 789 Last Resort Good Or Bad This was also the first time that Laura and the others have heard those words coming out of Zhao Hai s mouth . Naturally, they were aware about Zhao Hai s anger, and they understood his mood . Zhao Hai s tactics already placed them in an advantageous position against the Demons and the Divine Race . But now, the Underworld suddenly appeared, this caused all of Zhao Hai s preparations to go to waste . Zhao Hai s past arrangement was to isolate the Demons and the Divine Race to the south of the continent while the area on the north becomes their rear . Now that the Underworld appeared, it was like they were just stabbed at the back, with an extremely poisonous blade . Zhao Hai was already having headaches while dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . Having the Underworld s presence didn t help . Laura was afraid that Zhao Hai would get too angry . She could still remember the time when Zhao Hai vomited blood after seeing what the Divine Race did . So she turned to Zhao Hai and hugged him, Brother Hai, calm down . Please . If you get injured, the continent would be in grave trouble . Lizzy and the others also ran over to appease Zhao Hai . After some time, Zhao Hai calmed down and breathed some air in . He patted Laura s head and said, I m alright, I m fine . Zhao Hai waved his hand and stored Ginko . Then he turned to Cai er and said, Cai er, I just heard that the undead are now able to evolve . What does that mean Cai er looked at Zhao Hai with shining eyes as she replied, Young Master, in the past, the undead can only upgrade their strength because of the Space and nothing to do with themselves . Now that Ginko has arrived, the undead s natural ability to evolve has been absorbed into the space . Now, the undead can also evolve without the help of Fuwa and the Hell background . However, the speed of this evolution isn t fast . When he heard Cai er, Zhao Hai gawked, then his two eyes shined as well as he said, Good, that is good news . Any improvement to the undead is great for us . One of Zhao Hai s greatest worries was the promotion of the undead . Now that the undead can evolve on their own, Zhao Hai was naturally happy . However, when his thoughts went back to the Underworld, his mood couldn t help but turn sour . After seeing that Zhao Hai had recovered, Laura let go of Zhao Hai . Then she looked at Zhao Hai and felt sad, Brother Hai, what do we do next The Underworld is certainly as strong as the Demons and the Divine Race . This isn t good for us, we cannot defend the Beastman Prairie . Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, Do we have any other choice Aside from our last plan, we don t have any other way . Laura understood what Zhao Hai meant . Their last plan was to evacuate the Ark Continent s entire population to the Space . Lizzy knit her brows and said, Brother Hai, doing that would be very problematic . Moreover, we don t even know if the people would agree . Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, We can only propose this matter to them and hope for the best . However, we still need to discuss this with Grandpa Green . Laura, please call Grandpa Green and the others over to the Space . And Shue, go and see Blockhead and Rockhead, go see why those two are taking so long to come out . Laura and Shue nodded . Laura went on to call Green and the others while Shue went on to the room where Blockhead and Rockhead were . Blockhead and Rockhead had already succeeded in their promotion and were now taking a bath . Shue went to their room and saw what they were doing, but he didn t call the two . He just turned back and told Zhao Hai, Young Master, they have been promoted successfully . They are now taking a bath . Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand and said, Take a seat . Shue, Shun, what do you think about taking the people of the Ark Continent into the Space Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, I agree to taking them to the Space . Zhao Hai stared at Shue and said, Why Shue replied, Young Master, do you remember what that immortal cultivator is doing in the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent He is collecting faith power . It is obvious that this faith power is important to him . If Young Master gets promoted in the future, then wouldn t you need faith power as well If you have the people in the Ark Continent in the Space, then they would possibly look at you as a god . Maybe you can collect faith power from them . Zhao Hai stared, he wasn t expecting Shue to present this reason . At this time, Shun added, That s right . Young Master, before that immortal cultivator disappeared, he said that he will wait for you in the higher realm . If the Young Master gets stronger in the future, then you will certainly ascend to their plane . If the Young Master doesn t have people to provide you with faith power, then you would be at a disadvantage . Also, the Young Master shouldn t forget that the immortal cultivator has a huge sect behind him while the Young Master would have no background . Lastly, if the people of the Ark Continent come to the Space, then the Young Master can choose talented people and promote their strength . Maybe we can form our own sect to fight the immortal cultivators . Zhao Hai looked blankly at both Shue and Shun . He wasn t thinking at this angle before . However, it was indeed an advantageous move if the people of the Ark Continent were to come to the Space . But even then, it was a bit unfair to them . Zhao Hai frowned and said, If that happens, then wouldn t the people from the Ark Continent be like caged beasts in the Space Shue replied, Young Master, putting it that way isn t pleasant to hear, it will cloud your decision . You have been managing the continent for all this time, so you should know that without you, the continent would have already fallen to the Demons and the Divine Race . Although they would indeed provide the Young Master with faith power once they live in the Space, you would also provide them with a safe place to live in . Also, they are prone to believe in god, so why not make them believe in you . At the very least, you wouldn t enslave them, right Laura and the others are blankly staring at Shue and Shun . To be honest, they haven t thought of this, but Laura and the others had to recognize that Shue and Shun had a point . Having the people of the continent come to the Space would be very advantageous to Zhao Hai . Laura and the others already knew that the Space could make Zhao Hai favorable to those who were inside it . If the people of the Ark Continent migrates to the Space, then they would provide Zhao Hai with endless faith power . In the future, Zhao Hai wouldn t be encumbered with the disadvantage of not having faith power . The group looked at one another, it seems like Shue and Shun was already convinced by the Space . They were loyal to Zhao Hai would want to benefit him as much as possible . Zhao Hai was frowning as he sat there . To be honest, he didn t think that having the people of the Ark Continent in the Space would benefit him . He just didn t want the Space to be known to others . Now that Shue and Shun told him about it, Zhao Hai was somewhat convinced that there wasn t anything wrong to have the people of the continent migrate to the Space . Still, he needed to make a decision after consulting Green and the others . After all, this matter was too big . And like Lizzy said, they were not sure if the people would agree .





* * *



Chapter 790 – Decision



Green and Merine, along with Kun and Karen, were now in the Space . People Zhao Hai thought to be his elders were inside the Space .



They were yet to know what had happened, but just by listening to Laura they knew that something urgent must have occured . Because of this, they immediately left what they were doing and quickly went to the Space . Green and the others understood that Zhao Hai wouldn’t have called them over if it wasn’t important .



Currently, Green and Merine were mainly responsible for running the Black Wasteland . There were many races in the wasteland, dealing with their affairs was quite a chore . Naturally, since Zhao Hai was busy, these things were handed over to Green and Merine .



Kun was still in charge of Golden Island . Although war was happening in the frontline, people still needed supplies . Zhao Hai already took care of transporting supplies in the frontlines, so Kun was overseeing the transactions in the island .



At the same time, Karen had also been very busy . His team was currently busy with researching defensive formations . But when he heard Zhao Hai’s summons, he immediately entered the Space .



After the group arrived at the villa, they immediately saw Zhao Hai’s unhappy face . Shue and Shun were keeping silent right beside him . Blockhead and Rockhead had just exited their room .



After Green and the others saw Zhao Hai, they knew that he was thinking deeply . Shue and the others didn’t dare to disturb him so Green didn’t hesitate and said, “Young Master, what happened?”



When Zhao Hai heard Green’s voice, he quickly recovered . He looked at the group and hastily got up as he said, “Grandpa Green, Grandma Merine, Grandpa Kun, Father-in-law . Please have a seat . I have an important matter to discuss . ”



After the group sat down, Zhao Hai told them about the northern icefield . He told them that the idea of relocating the Ark Continent’s residents to the Space . As soon as Green and the others heard this, all of them stared blankly . The Divine Race and The Demons were yet to be dealt with, and now the Underworld appeared? Anyone who had heard this would would to shout ‘motherfucker!’



There was only a little improvement to the frontline, but now a huge calamity appeared on their backyard . In this case, aside from relocating to the Space, there was no other way to evade massive losses .



After Zhao Hai saw that the group was silent, he continued on and told them about what Shue and Shun just said . He wanted to hear their opinion . Although Zhao Hai had experience in these matters, he was still a beginner in front of these elders .



Not to say about Green and the others, even Shue was more experienced than him . Otherwise, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have needed Shue and Shun to tell him about faith power .



After they heard Zhao Hai, Green and the others frowned . To be honest, they didn’t think about this before . The Space was the biggest secret of the Buda Clan, so they never thought of making it public . Because of this, they shifted the idea of relocating to the Space to being the last of methods they would use . But now that Green and the others listened to Shue and Shun’s idea, they started to think that revealing the Space wouldn’t be a bad idea .



Green hesitated for some time before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I don’t expect this thing to go smoothly, but we can try it anyway . But after we do this, the Divine Race and the Demons would surely be aware of your Space . Even if they don’t know what the Space is like, they would still have a general idea about it . And once the Divine Race knows, they would also report this to the immortal cultivator . When we ascend to the immortal cultivation plane, that immortal would surely have this in mind . ’



Zhao Hai nodded, he was aware of this point . It would be impossible to hide it when the massive population of the Ark Continent suddenly vanished . Lu Wei would definitely get wind of this and make certain preparations . Zhao Hai needed to be careful with this .



Perhaps the immortal cultivators would think that Zhao Hai had a rare treasure and would have greedy thoughts about it . When that time comes, Zhao Hai would definitely be chased by those cultivators, making Zhao Hai’s troubles even bigger .



To Zhao Hai, this was a very hard decision . On one hand, he could keep his peaceful life but would sacrifice the Ark Continent . On the other, he would be in more trouble but he would provide safety to the people of the continent . Zhao Hai was not a saint, so before he made this decision, he needed to properly weigh the advantages and disadvantages .



After seeing that Zhao Hai stayed silent, Green said, “If we don’t help the people of the Ark Continent, then they would be in danger . Moreover, we would have no way to gain faith power in the future . There are surely advantages and disadvantages to migrating the Ark Continent’s people to the Space, this decision is entirely up to you, Young Master . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I believe we should relocate the people of the Ark Continent into the Space . For us, the benefits outweigh the shortcomings . In the future, it would be impossible to hide the existence of the Space . It would be revealed sooner or later . We might as well save the people of the continent at this point . ”



Merine nodded, “If the Young Master has decided, then we can proceed to the next step . Young Master, I believe we should start with talking to the other races . There may be Demon spies among the Humans . Relatively speaking, there would be less traitors among the foreign races . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, “My relationship with the other races is pretty good as well . We’ll start with the Dwarves . After all, the Dwarves are at the forefront . If a fight were to happen, then they would be in the most danger . ”



Merine nodded and said, “I also think that the Fishmen would agree . There is a sea on the Space’s background . And since the Fishmen doesn’t need to survive, then it would be easier for them to move in immediately . ”



Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “I’m actually quite worried about the Fishmen . There are too many people in the sea . Although the Space is huge, I’m afraid it would take a year before relocating all of the Fishman into the Space . ”



Laura smiled and said, “I think that the Fishmen can be delayed . Whether it is the Divine Race or the Demons, they don’t seem to be very good at sea battles . The sea should be the safest place right now . We should ask the Dwarves and the Elves . I don’t think there would be any problems with the Elves . The most important thing for them is their tree of life, and we have several of those trees inside the Space . If they decide to settle down, we can plant more trees of life for them . ”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Beastmen should be easy to persuade as well . What they value the most is the Prairie, and the Space has a much better grassland in comparison . At the same time, the magic beasts in the Space should be sufficient for them . ”



The group discussed even more and decided to approach the Dwarves first . Although the Beastmen were also at the frontlines, the Prairie was just too big . Moreover, the Beastmen weren’t weak . The Underworld had just opened, so powerful creatures should arrive quite later on, the Beastmen could still defend against the advancing underworld creatures .



However, Zhao Hai still wanted to approach Wales, so that he could prepare in advance . After all, Wales was already aware of the Space .



In order for this matter to do good, Zhao Hai would do it himself . Billy was currently inside the mountain along with the other Dwarves . They were building weapons every day in preparation to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race .



Billy was also aware about the positive development in the frontlines, so he was quite happy . Because of this, he took the initiative to head towards Iron Mountain and personally help in making the iron chains for the magic cannons .



Billy was currently hammering a piece of ore when Zhao Hai arrived . After hearing that Billy was working, Zhao Hai immediately went to the cave where Dwarves did their work .



The sound of hammering was quite loud on the ears . Dwarves had covered their ears as they proceeded to use their hammers . Each hammering came with sweat and dedications from the Dwarf Race .



Zhao Hai arrived by Billy’s side and patted him on the shoulder . Billy was also blocking his ears, otherwise, he would turn deaf from the loud noise .



After sensing Zhao Hai’s pat, Billy immediately turned his head . When he saw that it was Zhao Hai, he didn’t speak, instead, he gestured to a door at the side of the mountain before they proceeded to walk out .



When they arrived outside, Billy removed his ear stoppers and then turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Why are you here? Did something happen in the frontlines?”



Zhao Hai looked at Billy and bitterly smiled, “Something did happen, but not in the frontlines . Let’s take a walk, I’ll tell you along the way . ” Then they walked towards the Dwarves’ Divine Palace while Zhao Hai told Billy about the spatial rift on the northern icefield, telling the Dwarf Patriarch that the Underworld has been connected to the Ark Continent .



Billy carefully listened, he didn’t believe that Zhao Hai would deceive him . Therefore, after Zhao Hai’s report, Billy calmly looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What do you have in mind?”



Looking at Billy’s calm demeanor, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be curious, “Why aren’t you worried?’



Billy laughed and said, “There’s no use in being worried at this point . It seems like my time to die for the continent has come . I’m a resident of the Ark Continent . I’m not afraid to sacrifice myself . ”



Zhao Hai admired Billy’s heroic spirit . Zhao Hai said, “I have a solution . But you need to come to a place with me . ” Then he waved his hand as they appeared in the Space .



Chapter 790 DecisionGreen and Merine, along with Kun and Karen, were now in the Space . People Zhao Hai thought to be his elders were inside the Space . They were yet to know what had happened, but just by listening to Laura they knew that something urgent must have occured . Because of this, they immediately left what they were doing and quickly went to the Space . Green and the others understood that Zhao Hai wouldn t have called them over if it wasn t important . Currently, Green and Merine were mainly responsible for running the Black Wasteland . There were many races in the wasteland, dealing with their affairs was quite a chore . Naturally, since Zhao Hai was busy, these things were handed over to Green and Merine . Kun was still in charge of Golden Island . Although war was happening in the frontline, people still needed supplies . Zhao Hai already took care of transporting supplies in the frontlines, so Kun was overseeing the transactions in the island . At the same time, Karen had also been very busy . His team was currently busy with researching defensive formations . But when he heard Zhao Hai s summons, he immediately entered the Space . After the group arrived at the villa, they immediately saw Zhao Hai s unhappy face . Shue and Shun were keeping silent right beside him . Blockhead and Rockhead had just exited their room . After Green and the others saw Zhao Hai, they knew that he was thinking deeply . Shue and the others didn t dare to disturb him so Green didn t hesitate and said, Young Master, what happened When Zhao Hai heard Green s voice, he quickly recovered . He looked at the group and hastily got up as he said, Grandpa Green, Grandma Merine, Grandpa Kun, Father in law . Please have a seat . I have an important matter to discuss . After the group sat down, Zhao Hai told them about the northern icefield . He told them that the idea of relocating the Ark Continent s residents to the Space . As soon as Green and the others heard this, all of them stared blankly . The Divine Race and The Demons were yet to be dealt with, and now the Underworld appeared Anyone who had heard this would would to shout motherfucker There was only a little improvement to the frontline, but now a huge calamity appeared on their backyard . In this case, aside from relocating to the Space, there was no other way to evade massive losses . After Zhao Hai saw that the group was silent, he continued on and told them about what Shue and Shun just said . He wanted to hear their opinion . Although Zhao Hai had experience in these matters, he was still a beginner in front of these elders . Not to say about Green and the others, even Shue was more experienced than him . Otherwise, Zhao Hai wouldn t have needed Shue and Shun to tell him about faith power . After they heard Zhao Hai, Green and the others frowned . To be honest, they didn t think about this before . The Space was the biggest secret of the Buda Clan, so they never thought of making it public . Because of this, they shifted the idea of relocating to the Space to being the last of methods they would use . But now that Green and the others listened to Shue and Shun s idea, they started to think that revealing the Space wouldn t be a bad idea . Green hesitated for some time before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, Young Master, I don t expect this thing to go smoothly, but we can try it anyway . But after we do this, the Divine Race and the Demons would surely be aware of your Space . Even if they don t know what the Space is like, they would still have a general idea about it . And once the Divine Race knows, they would also report this to the immortal cultivator . When we ascend to the immortal cultivation plane, that immortal would surely have this in mind . Zhao Hai nodded, he was aware of this point . It would be impossible to hide it when the massive population of the Ark Continent suddenly vanished . Lu Wei would definitely get wind of this and make certain preparations . Zhao Hai needed to be careful with this . Perhaps the immortal cultivators would think that Zhao Hai had a rare treasure and would have greedy thoughts about it . When that time comes, Zhao Hai would definitely be chased by those cultivators, making Zhao Hai s troubles even bigger . To Zhao Hai, this was a very hard decision . On one hand, he could keep his peaceful life but would sacrifice the Ark Continent . On the other, he would be in more trouble but he would provide safety to the people of the continent . Zhao Hai was not a saint, so before he made this decision, he needed to properly weigh the advantages and disadvantages . After seeing that Zhao Hai stayed silent, Green said, If we don t help the people of the Ark Continent, then they would be in danger . Moreover, we would have no way to gain faith power in the future . There are surely advantages and disadvantages to migrating the Ark Continent s people to the Space, this decision is entirely up to you, Young Master . Zhao Hai nodded and said, I believe we should relocate the people of the Ark Continent into the Space . For us, the benefits outweigh the shortcomings . In the future, it would be impossible to hide the existence of the Space . It would be revealed sooner or later . We might as well save the people of the continent at this point . Merine nodded, If the Young Master has decided, then we can proceed to the next step . Young Master, I believe we should start with talking to the other races . There may be Demon spies among the Humans . Relatively speaking, there would be less traitors among the foreign races . Zhao Hai nodded, My relationship with the other races is pretty good as well . We ll start with the Dwarves . After all, the Dwarves are at the forefront . If a fight were to happen, then they would be in the most danger . Merine nodded and said, I also think that the Fishmen would agree . There is a sea on the Space s background . And since the Fishmen doesn t need to survive, then it would be easier for them to move in immediately . Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, I m actually quite worried about the Fishmen . There are too many people in the sea . Although the Space is huge, I m afraid it would take a year before relocating all of the Fishman into the Space . Laura smiled and said, I think that the Fishmen can be delayed . Whether it is the Divine Race or the Demons, they don t seem to be very good at sea battles . The sea should be the safest place right now . We should ask the Dwarves and the Elves . I don t think there would be any problems with the Elves . The most important thing for them is their tree of life, and we have several of those trees inside the Space . If they decide to settle down, we can plant more trees of life for them . Zhao Hai nodded and said, The Beastmen should be easy to persuade as well . What they value the most is the Prairie, and the Space has a much better grassland in comparison . At the same time, the magic beasts in the Space should be sufficient for them . The group discussed even more and decided to approach the Dwarves first . Although the Beastmen were also at the frontlines, the Prairie was just too big . Moreover, the Beastmen weren t weak . The Underworld had just opened, so powerful creatures should arrive quite later on, the Beastmen could still defend against the advancing underworld creatures . However, Zhao Hai still wanted to approach Wales, so that he could prepare in advance . After all, Wales was already aware of the Space . In order for this matter to do good, Zhao Hai would do it himself . Billy was currently inside the mountain along with the other Dwarves . They were building weapons every day in preparation to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race . Billy was also aware about the positive development in the frontlines, so he was quite happy . Because of this, he took the initiative to head towards Iron Mountain and personally help in making the iron chains for the magic cannons . Billy was currently hammering a piece of ore when Zhao Hai arrived . After hearing that Billy was working, Zhao Hai immediately went to the cave where Dwarves did their work . The sound of hammering was quite loud on the ears . Dwarves had covered their ears as they proceeded to use their hammers . Each hammering came with sweat and dedications from the Dwarf Race . Zhao Hai arrived by Billy s side and patted him on the shoulder . Billy was also blocking his ears, otherwise, he would turn deaf from the loud noise . After sensing Zhao Hai s pat, Billy immediately turned his head . When he saw that it was Zhao Hai, he didn t speak, instead, he gestured to a door at the side of the mountain before they proceeded to walk out . When they arrived outside, Billy removed his ear stoppers and then turned to Zhao Hai and said, Why are you here Did something happen in the frontlines Zhao Hai looked at Billy and bitterly smiled, Something did happen, but not in the frontlines . Let s take a walk, I ll tell you along the way . Then they walked towards the Dwarves Divine Palace while Zhao Hai told Billy about the spatial rift on the northern icefield, telling the Dwarf Patriarch that the Underworld has been connected to the Ark Continent . Billy carefully listened, he didn t believe that Zhao Hai would deceive him . Therefore, after Zhao Hai s report, Billy calmly looked at Zhao Hai and said, What do you have in mind Looking at Billy s calm demeanor, Zhao Hai couldn t help but be curious, Why aren t you worried Billy laughed and said, There s no use in being worried at this point . It seems like my time to die for the continent has come . I m a resident of the Ark Continent . I m not afraid to sacrifice myself . Zhao Hai admired Billy s heroic spirit . Zhao Hai said, I have a solution . But you need to come to a place with me . Then he waved his hand as they appeared in the Space .





* * *


 791: 791

Chapter 791 – Unexpected Decision From the Fishmen and the Lyon Empire



BIlly looked at the Space in a daze, all of it was beyond his comprehension . Zhao Hai looked at Billy and said, “Patriarch, come with me . I’ll discuss with you in detail . ” Then he lead Billy to the villa .



Billy was similarly stunned when he arrived at the Villa . This was because he didn’t expect to see Laura and the others there . Zhao Hai introduced Billy to the others before inviting him to sit down . Megan handed Billy a glass of wine before Zhao hai started talking about everything inside the Space .



Fully explaining the Space couldn’t just be done inside the villa . So Zhao Hai took Billy to see the background and introduced it .



Five hours passed since Zhao Hai began to talk to Billy . By the time they returned to the villa, Billy already had a general understanding of the Space .



After they sat down, Zhao Hai gave Billy a glass of wine . Billy drank all of it, and then asked for seconds before placing it down and turning to Zhao Hai, “You want the Ark Continent’s people to migrate to the Space?”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Although it can be said that I am a god inside this place, you should also know that I have no plans to oppress you . Moreover, this is the safest way we can go forward, I don’t have any other plans . I won’t force you to come to the Space, everything is up to your choice . I will still participate in the fight against the Demons and the Divine Race . However, to tell you the truth, I can’t find any future in fighting the two . And now that the Underworld has come, my confidence in defending has gotten lower . ”



Billy nodded . He was clear about the situation of the Ark Continent . Although he wasn’t in the frontlines, there were Dwarves there to provide reports in addition to Zhao Hai’s news . Although Zhao Hai gained recent victories, discerning people can see that the Demons and the Divine Race were just being harassed by Zhao Hai . Once they find ways to go around Zhao Hai’s antics, then they would attack once again . And now, there was the Underworld .



Billy turned to look at Zhao Hai and said, “I know how you have it hard . However, I cannot take responsibility of this matter alone . You should also be aware of how the Dwarves do things . Any matter needed to be discussed with everyone . I’ll go back and ask for their opinion on this . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright . But I hope to hear your decision as soon as possible . We can’t drag this matter for a long time . The Underworld’s residents are getting closer and closer . And once the Demons and the Divine Race discovers that the Underworld has come, then they would certainly attack . When that time comes, things might be too late . ”



Billy nodded, “Rest assured, I will give you an answer as soon as possible . Please lead me back . ” Zhao Hai nodded before he lead Billy back to his mountain .



After Billy returned, he immediately convened the elders and the village chiefs . He told the the Ark Continents current state before proposing Zhao Hai’s idea .



While Billy was talking with his people, Zhao Hai went on to visit the Beast King . He also took the Beast King to the Space . And just like Billy, he introduced the Space while proposing his plan .



Naturally, the Beast King didn’t agree immediately . The Beastman Race’s government was much looser than the Dwarves . The influence of the Beast King wasn’t as powerful as the Patriarchs of each tribe . So Zhao Hai lead the Beast King back to the Prairie to discuss the matter with his people . After leading the Beast King out, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately go to the Elves . Instead, he went to the Herculean Bull camp and looked for Wales .



The Herculean Bulls had also sent their cavalry to help Zhao Hai in the Buddha Empire . One can say that Zhao Hai had Wales’ unconditional support .



Wales knew that the changes in the northern icefield wasn’t good news . The powerful northern tribes were already promoted to 9th rank by Zhao Hai, and yet they were still driven pack into the Prairie . This alone fully explained how strong the creatures of the Underworld were . An enemy at the icefield was akin to having a knife at the back of Zhao Hai . Therefore, Wales was very anxious in the past few days .



When he heard that Zhao Hai came, Wales immediately welcomed him to the tent . As they entered, Wales gave the guards and order, “Guard the tent, don’t let anybody approach . ” The guard nodded before walking out .



Yale and Mendez were also inside the tent . Wales looked at Zhao Hai and said, “How come you have time to visit? Do you have any plans?”



Zhao Hai looked at Wales and smiled, “Brother, you should already know about the Space . I want the Cow-headed race to move to the Space . You can still herd there, keeping your present life while being safe .



Wales couldn’t help but stare, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Are you sure about this?”



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’ve decided . There is no safer way for the continent other than this . I have already told the Beast King about the Space, and he said it needed to be discussed . Brother, you need to be an example and help the Beast King out . You know how good the Space is better than anyone in the Prairie . What do you think?”



Wales nodded and said, “Give me a few days . I don’t think there’ll be any problems . Rest assured . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Wales and laughed, “Brother, later on we can drink daily together . Hahaha . ”



Wales smiled . He knew that inside the Space, Zhao Hai was a god . He can go wherever he wanted to go and he can do whatever he wants to do . It would be very easy for Zhao Hai to drink with Wales everyday .



Wales laughed and replied, “You better give us some good pastures . Our entire cow-headed race will be depending on you . ”



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Brother, rest assured, the grass in the Space is much better than in the Prairie . As long as you move there, you won’t have any more problems . ”



Wales nodded, “Good . I don’t have anything else to ask . Just wait for my news, I will certainly do well in the following days . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, then he said his goodbyes to Wales before returning to the Space . After that, he went to the Elves . Zhao Hai couldn’t forget the Elf Queen’s shocked face when she saw the trees of life inside the Space .



Nobody could blame the Elf Queen, the Elves treasured their tree of life . But in Zhao Hai’s Space, there seem to be one in every direction . There were even two of them beside the door of Zhao Hai’s villa . Moreover, these trees of life looked healthier than the one back in the Elf Forest .



Although she was dumbfounded by what she saw, the Elf Queen didn’t immediately agree to migrating to the Space . After all, she also needed to discuss this matter with the elders .



Zhao Hai didn’t oppose to this decision as he gave an understanding nod . After that, he immediately went to the Fishmen to see the Mermaid Queen . Naturally, he also took the Queen to the Space and introduced her with the surroundings . He also led her to the place in the background he specially prepared for the FIshman Race . [1]



Zhao Hai expected the Queen to delay her decision and discuss the matter with her people . However, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare when the Queen agreed to migrate immediately . She told Zhao Hai that she would organize the move as soon as she gets back from the Space .



This was completely unexpected, but Zhao Hai was still happy . He immediately opened a spatial rift, enabling the Fishmen access to the Space at all times .



Zhao Hai didn’t think that the first ones to move would be the Fishmen . But Zhao Hai was also glad . The Fishmen were the easiest people to settle in . Unlike the other races, the Fishmen didn’t need houses nor tents . As long as they were in the sea, then they can already take care of themselves .



After having Cai’er manage the Fishmen, Zhao Hai and Green returned to the Black Wasteland . Then the Buda Clan’s people and slaves, along with the Diamond Ape Tribe, moved and settled down in the Space .



These people weren’t with the Buda Clan for a day or two, it could be said that they were completely loyal to Zhao Hai . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to have these people move to the Space first as an example to the other residents of the continent .



After moving his people to the Space, Zhao Hai immediately went to look for the leaders of the various Empires of the continent . He told them about the state of the continent and about the Space . Finally, he proposed the migration of the continent’s residents towards the Space .



The various leaders didn’t agree immediately . They knew that once they entered the Space, then it would akin to being on Zhao Hai’s hands . If Zhao Hai had anly plans for them, then they couldn’t do anything to rebel .



Although there were God-rank experts among the enemies, these experts weren’t invincible . However, in Zhao Hai’s Space, Zhao Hai was a literal god . If Zhao Hai wants them to die, then it would be impossible for them to live . This was why they were reserved about the decision, this was the same case as the other races in the continent .



But out of Zhao Hai’s expectation was the Lyon Empire . Zhao Hai also told the Lyon Empire’s Great Nobles about his plans . Who would’ve known that after Zhao Hai proposed his idea, the Great Nobles of the Empire immediately agreed . All of them quickly moved their families to the Space while also helping Zhao Hai move the Lyon Empire’s residents .



Zhao Hai didn’t know why this was the case . But the true reason was because the Lyon Empire was already convinced of Zhao Hai’s strength . The people of the other Empires might know Zhao Hai’s might from the battle with the Demons, but the Lyon Empire were already aware of it when he extinguished the Dragons . The people of the Lyon Empire believed that since Zhao Hai assured them safety inside the Space, then safety would definitely be provided . Hence they decided to not delay and move immediately .



1 . From my advance reading, this is the main background of the Space, not those that needed to be purchased .



Chapter 791 Unexpected Decision From the Fishmen and the Lyon EmpireBIlly looked at the Space in a daze, all of it was beyond his comprehension . Zhao Hai looked at Billy and said, Patriarch, come with me . I ll discuss with you in detail . Then he lead Billy to the villa . Billy was similarly stunned when he arrived at the Villa . This was because he didn t expect to see Laura and the others there . Zhao Hai introduced Billy to the others before inviting him to sit down . Megan handed Billy a glass of wine before Zhao hai started talking about everything inside the Space . Fully explaining the Space couldn t just be done inside the villa . So Zhao Hai took Billy to see the background and introduced it . Five hours passed since Zhao Hai began to talk to Billy . By the time they returned to the villa, Billy already had a general understanding of the Space . After they sat down, Zhao Hai gave Billy a glass of wine . Billy drank all of it, and then asked for seconds before placing it down and turning to Zhao Hai, You want the Ark Continent s people to migrate to the Space Zhao Hai nodded and said, Although it can be said that I am a god inside this place, you should also know that I have no plans to oppress you . Moreover, this is the safest way we can go forward, I don t have any other plans . I won t force you to come to the Space, everything is up to your choice . I will still participate in the fight against the Demons and the Divine Race . However, to tell you the truth, I can t find any future in fighting the two . And now that the Underworld has come, my confidence in defending has gotten lower . Billy nodded . He was clear about the situation of the Ark Continent . Although he wasn t in the frontlines, there were Dwarves there to provide reports in addition to Zhao Hai s news . Although Zhao Hai gained recent victories, discerning people can see that the Demons and the Divine Race were just being harassed by Zhao Hai . Once they find ways to go around Zhao Hai s antics, then they would attack once again . And now, there was the Underworld . Billy turned to look at Zhao Hai and said, I know how you have it hard . However, I cannot take responsibility of this matter alone . You should also be aware of how the Dwarves do things . Any matter needed to be discussed with everyone . I ll go back and ask for their opinion on this . Zhao Hai nodded, Alright . But I hope to hear your decision as soon as possible . We can t drag this matter for a long time . The Underworld s residents are getting closer and closer . And once the Demons and the Divine Race discovers that the Underworld has come, then they would certainly attack . When that time comes, things might be too late . Billy nodded, Rest assured, I will give you an answer as soon as possible . Please lead me back . Zhao Hai nodded before he lead Billy back to his mountain . After Billy returned, he immediately convened the elders and the village chiefs . He told the the Ark Continents current state before proposing Zhao Hai s idea . While Billy was talking with his people, Zhao Hai went on to visit the Beast King . He also took the Beast King to the Space . And just like Billy, he introduced the Space while proposing his plan . Naturally, the Beast King didn t agree immediately . The Beastman Race s government was much looser than the Dwarves . The influence of the Beast King wasn t as powerful as the Patriarchs of each tribe . So Zhao Hai lead the Beast King back to the Prairie to discuss the matter with his people . After leading the Beast King out, Zhao Hai didn t immediately go to the Elves . Instead, he went to the Herculean Bull camp and looked for Wales . The Herculean Bulls had also sent their cavalry to help Zhao Hai in the Buddha Empire . One can say that Zhao Hai had Wales unconditional support . Wales knew that the changes in the northern icefield wasn t good news . The powerful northern tribes were already promoted to 9th rank by Zhao Hai, and yet they were still driven pack into the Prairie . This alone fully explained how strong the creatures of the Underworld were . An enemy at the icefield was akin to having a knife at the back of Zhao Hai . Therefore, Wales was very anxious in the past few days . When he heard that Zhao Hai came, Wales immediately welcomed him to the tent . As they entered, Wales gave the guards and order, Guard the tent, don t let anybody approach . The guard nodded before walking out . Yale and Mendez were also inside the tent . Wales looked at Zhao Hai and said, How come you have time to visit Do you have any plans Zhao Hai looked at Wales and smiled, Brother, you should already know about the Space . I want the Cow headed race to move to the Space . You can still herd there, keeping your present life while being safe . Wales couldn t help but stare, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, Are you sure about this Zhao Hai nodded and said, I ve decided . There is no safer way for the continent other than this . I have already told the Beast King about the Space, and he said it needed to be discussed . Brother, you need to be an example and help the Beast King out . You know how good the Space is better than anyone in the Prairie . What do you think Wales nodded and said, Give me a few days . I don t think there ll be any problems . Rest assured . Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Wales and laughed, Brother, later on we can drink daily together . Hahaha . Wales smiled . He knew that inside the Space, Zhao Hai was a god . He can go wherever he wanted to go and he can do whatever he wants to do . It would be very easy for Zhao Hai to drink with Wales everyday . Wales laughed and replied, You better give us some good pastures . Our entire cow headed race will be depending on you . Zhao Hai smiled and said, Brother, rest assured, the grass in the Space is much better than in the Prairie . As long as you move there, you won t have any more problems . Wales nodded, Good . I don t have anything else to ask . Just wait for my news, I will certainly do well in the following days . Zhao Hai nodded, then he said his goodbyes to Wales before returning to the Space . After that, he went to the Elves . Zhao Hai couldn t forget the Elf Queen s shocked face when she saw the trees of life inside the Space . Nobody could blame the Elf Queen, the Elves treasured their tree of life . But in Zhao Hai s Space, there seem to be one in every direction . There were even two of them beside the door of Zhao Hai s villa . Moreover, these trees of life looked healthier than the one back in the Elf Forest . Although she was dumbfounded by what she saw, the Elf Queen didn t immediately agree to migrating to the Space . After all, she also needed to discuss this matter with the elders . Zhao Hai didn t oppose to this decision as he gave an understanding nod . After that, he immediately went to the Fishmen to see the Mermaid Queen . Naturally, he also took the Queen to the Space and introduced her with the surroundings . He also led her to the place in the background he specially prepared for the FIshman Race . 1 Zhao Hai expected the Queen to delay her decision and discuss the matter with her people . However, Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare when the Queen agreed to migrate immediately . She told Zhao Hai that she would organize the move as soon as she gets back from the Space . This was completely unexpected, but Zhao Hai was still happy . He immediately opened a spatial rift, enabling the Fishmen access to the Space at all times . Zhao Hai didn t think that the first ones to move would be the Fishmen . But Zhao Hai was also glad . The Fishmen were the easiest people to settle in . Unlike the other races, the Fishmen didn t need houses nor tents . As long as they were in the sea, then they can already take care of themselves . After having Cai er manage the Fishmen, Zhao Hai and Green returned to the Black Wasteland . Then the Buda Clan s people and slaves, along with the Diamond Ape Tribe, moved and settled down in the Space . These people weren t with the Buda Clan for a day or two, it could be said that they were completely loyal to Zhao Hai . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to have these people move to the Space first as an example to the other residents of the continent . After moving his people to the Space, Zhao Hai immediately went to look for the leaders of the various Empires of the continent . He told them about the state of the continent and about the Space . Finally, he proposed the migration of the continent s residents towards the Space . The various leaders didn t agree immediately . They knew that once they entered the Space, then it would akin to being on Zhao Hai s hands . If Zhao Hai had anly plans for them, then they couldn t do anything to rebel . Although there were God rank experts among the enemies, these experts weren t invincible . However, in Zhao Hai s Space, Zhao Hai was a literal god . If Zhao Hai wants them to die, then it would be impossible for them to live . This was why they were reserved about the decision, this was the same case as the other races in the continent . But out of Zhao Hai s expectation was the Lyon Empire . Zhao Hai also told the Lyon Empire s Great Nobles about his plans . Who would ve known that after Zhao Hai proposed his idea, the Great Nobles of the Empire immediately agreed . All of them quickly moved their families to the Space while also helping Zhao Hai move the Lyon Empire s residents . Zhao Hai didn t know why this was the case . But the true reason was because the Lyon Empire was already convinced of Zhao Hai s strength . The people of the other Empires might know Zhao Hai s might from the battle with the Demons, but the Lyon Empire were already aware of it when he extinguished the Dragons . The people of the Lyon Empire believed that since Zhao Hai assured them safety inside the Space, then safety would definitely be provided . Hence they decided to not delay and move immediately . 1 . From my advance reading, this is the main background of the Space, not those that needed to be purchased .





* * *


 792: 792

Chapter 792 – Remaking The Ark Continent



There wasn’t much mystery as to why the Lyon Empire agreed to enter the Space . On the other hand, Zhao Hai doesn’t understand why the Mermaid Queen agreed . Although Zhao Hai was glad that they agreed, he still wondered why .



Actually, this was because the Mermaid clan was different compared to the Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves . The three latter races had members who had ascended to the Divine Realm while the mermaid race had no ascenders . In other words, they don’t have a powerful backer .



Because of this, the Fishmen immediately agreed to enter the Space . The Mermaid Queen knew that Zhao Hai would eventually defeat the Demons and the Divine Race . And although the Fishmen would have it better, their state would still be different compared to the Elves and the other two races . If Zhao Hai succeeded in his counter attack, then the Elves could meet with their people in the Divine Realm . Once they get in contact, their situation would be much safer . The case was similar to the Beastmen and the Dwarves .



But the Fishman Race was different, they didn’t have any people to help them in the Divine Realm . Even if Zhao Hai succeeded in defeating the invaders, the Fishmen still wouldn’t gain any advantage .



The Mermaid Clan had a lot of 9th ranks, but nobody was able to reach God-rank . This worried the Mermaids . Because of this, they saw hope in Zhao Hai and the potion that he had .



Although Zhao Hai’s potions could only promote people to 8th and 9th rank, Zhao Hai told them that he has yet to develop a potion for God-rank . This meant that the potion was on its way to being made . This was too tempting for the Fishmen, so the Mermaid Queen immediately agreed to enter Zhao Hai’s Space . The Mermaid Queen also saw the place that Zhao Hai had arranged for them, and to be honest, it was a much better place than where they were living right now . The Mermaid Queen had no qualms about moving their entire race over .



Although Zhao Hai was shocked at the decisions made by the Mermaid Queen and the Great Nobles, he was happy with their quick response . And even if they had some reservations at this point, they would slowly accept Zhao Hai when they live in the Space .



The Mermaid Clan and the Great Nobles took the lead in entering the Space . With the influence of the Great Nobles as well as Zhao Hai’s appeal as the Emperor, the civilians of the Lyon Empire also agreed . After all, their almighty Emperor would take them to a place devoid of war and was plentiful in food and clothing . Moreover, they also won’t need to worry about the Demons and the Divine Race .



Although the way Zhao Hai became Emperor was quite special, the people of the Lyon Empire were still very respectful towards him . This was because Zhao Hai had essentially rescued them from the Dragons . Moreover, Zhao Hai was taking the lead in resisting the Demons and the Divine Race . Even if they weren’t Beastmen, they would still respect a strong and powerful person . This was because in the Ark Continent, the stronger the person, the more respect he would gain, and Zhao Hai was a very strong man .



With Zhao Hai’s fame as well as the help of the Great Nobles, the Lyon Empire’s people began to move towards the Space . Naturally, they didn’t know about the specifics of the Space . The only thing they knew was that they were going to migrate .



And along with the movement of the Lyon Empire, the Buddha Empire’s people were also affected . It was impossible to hide the Lyon Empire’s migration to the Buddha Empire . After all, the Buddha Empire has taken refuge in the Lyon Empire . Because of this, when the commoners of the Buddha Empire heard that the Lyon Empire was migrating, they also prepared their things for migration .



People were sometimes subjected to blind obedience . And who do these civilians follow? Naturally it was the Nobles . And with Zhao Hai’s call, the commoners will surely follow . These commoners knew that the Nobles might have known something that they don’t . Therefore, once they saw the nobles moving, they suddenly thought that the Lyon Empire might be in danger . If this was true, then they needed to move quickly .



There were a lot of people with the same ideas . It was because of this that the entire population of the Lyon Empire started to move . From the commoners, to small nobles, and to the Great Nobles . All of them packed up their things and prepared to move out .



The Buddha Empire’s Imperial Clan as well as its Great Nobles couldn’t just sit still with this development . If their subordinates decided to move, then what use would they have? What would a Noble Title and a Crown do? They would become Generals with no army .



The Buddha Empire’s Nobles convened before deciding to migrate as well . The Buddha Emperor and the others understood how bad it would be for them if they didn’t move . The Demons and the Divine Race were yet to break through, however, the Buddha Empire’s people were currently inside the Lyon Empire . If the war continues for long, then the citizens would slowly be integrated to the Lyon Empire . So when Zhao Hai drives the invaders out, will the citizens come back? Because of this, the Buddha Empire’s nobles decided that it would be better to be inside Zhao Hai’s Space . At the very least, they would still have their own people and territory .



Zhao Hai had promised them that after moving to the Space, then they would be given land that was just like the Buddha Empire . Cities would be made and the place would look and feel like the old Buddha Empire .



Zhao Hai can definitely achieve this promise . The Space is under his control, and he can change its terrain at will . Because of this, Zhao Hai can change the Space’s terrain and make the Buddha Empire out of essentially nothing . It would be no different from the Buddha Empire outside .



Zhao Hai knew everything about the Buddha Empire as well as the rest of the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai ordered Cai’er to make the Space’s background to be like the Ark Continent .



Zhao Hai hadn’t prepared to migrate the Ark Continent’s people to the Space . And since he didn’t want people to go to his villa everyday, He had a separate continent made with the same structure as the Ark Continent, he would have people move there .



However, Zhao Hai was not only building the terrain of the Ark Continent, he needed to make cities as well . And naturally, this came at a price . The Space deducted tens of millions of gold coins from Zhao Hai’s account, almost resetting Zhao Hai’s money to only a couple of gold coins .



Zhao Hai looked at the rapid decline of his gold coins with a frown on his face . In the end, the number stopped going down, leaving Zhao Hai with a bit more than 10 thousand . Zhao Hai felt his heart stop, but fortunately Cai’er told him that there were a lot of things in the Space that can be sold . As long as those things mature, then they can get millions of gold coins once more .



Zhao Hai was confused by this . He remembered that the crops from the Space weren’t worth this much money . If he was able to sell them for millions of gold coins, then he would’ve already done it a long time ago .



It was only after he asked Cai’er that he understood . Those plants were cultivated in the magic world backgrounds . Plants harvested there were more than those grown in the Space’s background .



After hearing this, Zhao Hai’s sadness immediately vanished . Zhao Hai wasn’t a stingy person, and he knew how much tens of millions of gold coins can do in the Space .



As for the migration, the Fishmen didn’t need to be managed as much as the Humans . This time, Zhao Hai was taking care of the Lyon Empire . It was good that the Great Nobles of the Empire were already familiar with the environment . They immediately established their authority before leading the commoners in .



The civilians that entered the Space was actually a mix between the Lyon and Buddha Empire’s commoners . The people of the Buddha Empire were already sent to the Space’s Buddha empire . Later on, when the Buddha Empire’s Nobles arrive, the Empire would be re-established once more .



When the people from the Buddha Empire saw their homes, the couldn’t help but cry . This was especially true for the old people, they really thought that they had returned to their hometowns . They never expected that they would be able to see their homes for the rest of their lives . Although this wasn’t the original Buddha Empire, it was not different to their original home, all of them were very happy .



Fortunately for Zhao Hai’s pockets, the Radiant Empire has been completely decimated by the Divine Race . Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t need to reconstruct the Empire inside the Space . The Space’s Ark Continent was much smaller compared to the original one; it didn’t have the Black Wasteland, the Carrion Swamp, the Northern Icefield, and other uninhabited places .



If Zhao Hai really remade the Ark Continent, then he would surely be bankrupt . Even if he sold his own clothes, we still wouldn’t be able to remake the Ark Continent .



The Buddha Empire and Lyon Empire’s mass migration naturally couldn’t be hidden from the other people . This made the other Empires unable to sit still .



The first to become anxious was the Rosen Emperor . The Emperor was Zhao Hai’s father-in-law, so he supported Zhao Hai . However, he was still afraid that after moving to the Space, his high status would be gone . This made him think twice . But after seeing the actions made by the Lyon and Buddha Empires, his heart began to beat quickly .



However, even if his heart was beating fast, his actions were the contrary . On the other hand, another person made a quick move, it was Wales!



Chapter 792 Remaking The Ark ContinentThere wasn t much mystery as to why the Lyon Empire agreed to enter the Space . On the other hand, Zhao Hai doesn t understand why the Mermaid Queen agreed . Although Zhao Hai was glad that they agreed, he still wondered why . Actually, this was because the Mermaid clan was different compared to the Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves . The three latter races had members who had ascended to the Divine Realm while the mermaid race had no ascenders . In other words, they don t have a powerful backer . Because of this, the Fishmen immediately agreed to enter the Space . The Mermaid Queen knew that Zhao Hai would eventually defeat the Demons and the Divine Race . And although the Fishmen would have it better, their state would still be different compared to the Elves and the other two races . If Zhao Hai succeeded in his counter attack, then the Elves could meet with their people in the Divine Realm . Once they get in contact, their situation would be much safer . The case was similar to the Beastmen and the Dwarves . But the Fishman Race was different, they didn t have any people to help them in the Divine Realm . Even if Zhao Hai succeeded in defeating the invaders, the Fishmen still wouldn t gain any advantage . The Mermaid Clan had a lot of 9th ranks, but nobody was able to reach God rank . This worried the Mermaids . Because of this, they saw hope in Zhao Hai and the potion that he had . Although Zhao Hai s potions could only promote people to 8th and 9th rank, Zhao Hai told them that he has yet to develop a potion for God rank . This meant that the potion was on its way to being made . This was too tempting for the Fishmen, so the Mermaid Queen immediately agreed to enter Zhao Hai s Space . The Mermaid Queen also saw the place that Zhao Hai had arranged for them, and to be honest, it was a much better place than where they were living right now . The Mermaid Queen had no qualms about moving their entire race over . Although Zhao Hai was shocked at the decisions made by the Mermaid Queen and the Great Nobles, he was happy with their quick response . And even if they had some reservations at this point, they would slowly accept Zhao Hai when they live in the Space . The Mermaid Clan and the Great Nobles took the lead in entering the Space . With the influence of the Great Nobles as well as Zhao Hai s appeal as the Emperor, the civilians of the Lyon Empire also agreed . After all, their almighty Emperor would take them to a place devoid of war and was plentiful in food and clothing . Moreover, they also won t need to worry about the Demons and the Divine Race . Although the way Zhao Hai became Emperor was quite special, the people of the Lyon Empire were still very respectful towards him . This was because Zhao Hai had essentially rescued them from the Dragons . Moreover, Zhao Hai was taking the lead in resisting the Demons and the Divine Race . Even if they weren t Beastmen, they would still respect a strong and powerful person . This was because in the Ark Continent, the stronger the person, the more respect he would gain, and Zhao Hai was a very strong man . With Zhao Hai s fame as well as the help of the Great Nobles, the Lyon Empire s people began to move towards the Space . Naturally, they didn t know about the specifics of the Space . The only thing they knew was that they were going to migrate . And along with the movement of the Lyon Empire, the Buddha Empire s people were also affected . It was impossible to hide the Lyon Empire s migration to the Buddha Empire . After all, the Buddha Empire has taken refuge in the Lyon Empire . Because of this, when the commoners of the Buddha Empire heard that the Lyon Empire was migrating, they also prepared their things for migration . People were sometimes subjected to blind obedience . And who do these civilians follow Naturally it was the Nobles . And with Zhao Hai s call, the commoners will surely follow . These commoners knew that the Nobles might have known something that they don t . Therefore, once they saw the nobles moving, they suddenly thought that the Lyon Empire might be in danger . If this was true, then they needed to move quickly . There were a lot of people with the same ideas . It was because of this that the entire population of the Lyon Empire started to move . From the commoners, to small nobles, and to the Great Nobles . All of them packed up their things and prepared to move out . The Buddha Empire s Imperial Clan as well as its Great Nobles couldn t just sit still with this development . If their subordinates decided to move, then what use would they have What would a Noble Title and a Crown do They would become Generals with no army . The Buddha Empire s Nobles convened before deciding to migrate as well . The Buddha Emperor and the others understood how bad it would be for them if they didn t move . The Demons and the Divine Race were yet to break through, however, the Buddha Empire s people were currently inside the Lyon Empire . If the war continues for long, then the citizens would slowly be integrated to the Lyon Empire . So when Zhao Hai drives the invaders out, will the citizens come back Because of this, the Buddha Empire s nobles decided that it would be better to be inside Zhao Hai s Space . At the very least, they would still have their own people and territory . Zhao Hai had promised them that after moving to the Space, then they would be given land that was just like the Buddha Empire . Cities would be made and the place would look and feel like the old Buddha Empire . Zhao Hai can definitely achieve this promise . The Space is under his control, and he can change its terrain at will . Because of this, Zhao Hai can change the Space s terrain and make the Buddha Empire out of essentially nothing . It would be no different from the Buddha Empire outside . Zhao Hai knew everything about the Buddha Empire as well as the rest of the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai ordered Cai er to make the Space s background to be like the Ark Continent . Zhao Hai hadn t prepared to migrate the Ark Continent s people to the Space . And since he didn t want people to go to his villa everyday, He had a separate continent made with the same structure as the Ark Continent, he would have people move there . However, Zhao Hai was not only building the terrain of the Ark Continent, he needed to make cities as well . And naturally, this came at a price . The Space deducted tens of millions of gold coins from Zhao Hai s account, almost resetting Zhao Hai s money to only a couple of gold coins . Zhao Hai looked at the rapid decline of his gold coins with a frown on his face . In the end, the number stopped going down, leaving Zhao Hai with a bit more than 10 thousand . Zhao Hai felt his heart stop, but fortunately Cai er told him that there were a lot of things in the Space that can be sold . As long as those things mature, then they can get millions of gold coins once more . Zhao Hai was confused by this . He remembered that the crops from the Space weren t worth this much money . If he was able to sell them for millions of gold coins, then he would ve already done it a long time ago . It was only after he asked Cai er that he understood . Those plants were cultivated in the magic world backgrounds . Plants harvested there were more than those grown in the Space s background . After hearing this, Zhao Hai s sadness immediately vanished . Zhao Hai wasn t a stingy person, and he knew how much tens of millions of gold coins can do in the Space . As for the migration, the Fishmen didn t need to be managed as much as the Humans . This time, Zhao Hai was taking care of the Lyon Empire . It was good that the Great Nobles of the Empire were already familiar with the environment . They immediately established their authority before leading the commoners in . The civilians that entered the Space was actually a mix between the Lyon and Buddha Empire s commoners . The people of the Buddha Empire were already sent to the Space s Buddha empire . Later on, when the Buddha Empire s Nobles arrive, the Empire would be re established once more . When the people from the Buddha Empire saw their homes, the couldn t help but cry . This was especially true for the old people, they really thought that they had returned to their hometowns . They never expected that they would be able to see their homes for the rest of their lives . Although this wasn t the original Buddha Empire, it was not different to their original home, all of them were very happy . Fortunately for Zhao Hai s pockets, the Radiant Empire has been completely decimated by the Divine Race . Therefore, Zhao Hai didn t need to reconstruct the Empire inside the Space . The Space s Ark Continent was much smaller compared to the original one it didn t have the Black Wasteland, the Carrion Swamp, the Northern Icefield, and other uninhabited places . If Zhao Hai really remade the Ark Continent, then he would surely be bankrupt . Even if he sold his own clothes, we still wouldn t be able to remake the Ark Continent . The Buddha Empire and Lyon Empire s mass migration naturally couldn t be hidden from the other people . This made the other Empires unable to sit still . The first to become anxious was the Rosen Emperor . The Emperor was Zhao Hai s father in law, so he supported Zhao Hai . However, he was still afraid that after moving to the Space, his high status would be gone . This made him think twice . But after seeing the actions made by the Lyon and Buddha Empires, his heart began to beat quickly . However, even if his heart was beating fast, his actions were the contrary . On the other hand, another person made a quick move, it was Wales





* * *


 793: 793

Chapter 793 – Agreement!



After receiving Zhao Hai’s notice, Wales immediately gathered the heads of the cow-headed race and discussed the migration with them .



Wales’ prestige in the Cow-headed race was quite high . When the Herculean Bulls were in a slump, he led them to regain their place . Although Zhao Hai’s help was critical to the success, it still doesn’t take away from the fact that Wales was a talented leader .



At the same time, Zhao Hai held a high status in the Cow-headed race . After all, he was their Foreign Prince as well as the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince . Because of this, after Zhao Hai suggested that they move, none of the Cow-headed race’s patriarchs disagreed .



However, the Cow-headed race was no small group in the Prairie . It would take a long time for them to be moved . Because of this, their migration was much slower compared to the Humans and the Fishmen .



But this matter also highlighted the advantages of the Beastmen . Since they have tents, it didn’t take too long for their property to be transferred to the Space . This nomadic way of life proved to be more convenient compared to the Humans when it came to migration .



When Zhao Hai heard that Wales was done preparing, he immediately opened a spatial rift near the Herculean Bulls’ camp . Then he started to guide the Cow-headed Beastmen to enter the Space .



The place where Wales entered was just right behind the Lyon Empire . In this place, there was a huge piece of grassland, much bigger than the original Beastman Prairie . There wouldn’t be any problems if the entire Beastman Race relocated here .



Moreover, the grass in the Space was much more abundant compared to the outside . At the same time, they regrow quicker . This would make the lives of the herding Beastmen much better .



Zhao Hai doesn’t intend to separate the Humans and the other races . After all, they used to live together . Moreover, Zhao Hai noticed that the races in the Ark Continent actually complemented each other, able to live alongside each other in harmony . If it wasn’t for the Radiant Church, then there won’t be any discord between the various races .



After the Cow-headed Beastmen entered the Space, they immediately took a liking to it . For them, the place was just like heaven . Blue sky, green grass, jade textured water; everything here made up for the most ideal place for herding .



The Cow-headed Beastmen couldn’t help but smile widely at the place . Some elderly Cow Beastmen even went to the ground and chewed on the grass . After tasting them, their eyes shone as they loudly said, “This is high grade grass! The Prince hasn’t deceived us, this is the ideal place for us Beastmen!”



The cheer of the people resounded all over the place .



In the entire Cow-headed race, the last to enter was Wales’ Herculean Bull Tribe . However, Zhao Hai had already arranged a good spot for them to transfer their golden tent to as soon as they came in .



Wales was more than satisfied with the grassland around him . After looking out, he thought that this was a nice place to settle in .



Just like the Lyon Empire and the Buddha Empire, Wales’ move to the Space influenced the entire Beastman Race . After seeing the Cow-headed race willingly entering Zhao Hai’s Space, they started to be convinced to move as well .



After Wales and the others entered the Space, Zhao Hai wasn’t too anxious of bringing them back out . In fact, Zhao Hai wanted Wales to stay inside for a while so that Wales can help sway the minds of the other Beastmen .



After settling down for some time, Wales and some of the Cow Beastmen went out of the Space . The place where they appeared out of was Beast God City .



Wales now understood how Zhao Hai was able to appear on the Prairie on a whim . It turned out that it was because of the Space . Wales came out of the Space and immediately went to the Beast King’s Palace in order to inform the Beast King about their condition inside Zhao Hai’s Space .



The Beast King also wanted to move the Beastman Race to the Space . He knew that it was much safer inside the Space compared to outside . Migrating there would a good for the entire Beastman Race .



However, it was clear that the Beast King’s words alone wouldn’t make this happen . Therefore, he can only discuss this matter with the Patriarchs of the big warring clans . He wanted them to move as soon as possible .



Even so, the Patriarchs still didn’t agree . This annoyed the Beast King . With the White Tigers, the Polar Bears, and the Blue Hawks being held back, this meant that their enemy was a strong one . Additionally, there was the encroaching poisonous dark mist . Counter-attacking and reclaiming lost lands was virtually impossible . In this case, wouldn’t moving to the Space a much better choice?



However, the Beastmen had the same mentality as the Humans when it came to this matter . They needed someone to take the lead . Once one of them went and migrated, then it would be easier for the others to follow suit .



The Beast King actually wanted his Tiger Tribe to take the lead . After all, he was the Tiger Race’s patriarch, it would be appropriate for them to make the first step . However, this move might not be enough to convince the other races .



If the Tiger Tribe were the only ones to do this, then the effect might only be light . Just as the Beast King was annoyed at this matter, Wales came and told him that the Cow headed Race had already settled down inside the Space . This was definitely a good news for the Beast King .



After hearing Wales’ report, the Beast King immediately decided to call the Patriarchs of the big warring tribes . He wanted them to hear Wales’ report firsthand .



Although the Cow-headed race wasn’t considered as a warring tribe, they were still quite influential in the Prairie . Their special relationship with Zhao Hai provided them with a higher status among other Beastmen . All of the Beastmen know about the matters between Zhao Hai and the Herculean Bulls .



Also, Zhao Hai’s status had risen even more when he sold the Beastmen his grain, when he found the Beast God’s Spear, and when he established a milk wine business with the entire Prairie . All of these feats elevated Zhao Hai’s image inside the hearts of the Beastmen .



And now that the Demons and the Divine Race had come, Zhao Hai’s status became even higher . This was because Zhao Hai was in the forefront of the battle between the two invaders . The Beastmen admires brave people the most, because of this, their respect for Zhao Hai was quite high .



After the Patriarchs heard Wales’ report about the Space, all of them became excited . However, they had a request, they wanted to personally visit the Space .



When the Beast King heard this, he immediately took his messenger fish and told Zhao Hai about what happened .



Zhao Hai didn’t even need to think about it . Inside the conference room, a spatial rift suddenly appeared . After that, the Patriarchs were then led to witness the Space for themselves .



These Beastmen have always been weary about Zhao Hai’s skills . But for the sake of the Beastman Race, they still entered the Space .



The place where Zhao Hai sent them to was the place where the Cow-headed Beastmen were located . After looking at the grassland, the Beastmen Patriarchs immediately believed Wales’ words . The grass was indeed very good .



Beastmen had been herding for all their lives . For them, good pastures can be discerned in just one glance . This grassland was indeed very good and there were even plenty of water sources . It would be very strange if the Beastmen didn’t move after seeing this .



The Beastmen Patriarchs stayed in the Space for quite some time before they left . Once they got out, the Patriarch immediately returned to their territories and prepared their people to move out .



Their decision made Zhao Hai smile . And even more worth celebrating was the fact that the Rosen Empire had decided to move in as well . In order to convince the Emperor, Zhao Hai even promised him that there would be no change in authority once they move to the Space . Zhao Hai also showed the Space’s Rosen Empire to the Emperor . Because of this, the Emperor finally agreed .



The last time the Rosen Emperor visited the Space, the new Ark Continent was yet to be made . Now that a complete copy of the Rosen Empire was created, and people were going to live here, the Rosen Emperor naturally agreed .



Actually, the Rosen Emperor was still quite reserved about the decision . After all, he was Zhao Hai’s father-in-law . Once he entered the Space, then his position as an elder would be affected . But in the end, after Lizzy’s persuasion, the Rosen Emperor finally agreed .



As the matter stands, only the Elves, the Dwarves, and the Aksu Empire were yet to make a decision . At this moment, it had been half a month after the last attack made by the Divine Race .



Half a month wasn’t a long time, and this showed why Zhao Hai’s Space was a wonderful thing . In just half a month, Zhao Hai was able to move most of the people from the Buddha and the Lyon Empire into the Space . At the same time, large numbers of Beastmen and Fishmen had also moved in .



But although Zhao Hai was taking care of the migration, he still kept an eye out for the actions made by the Demons and the Divine Race . At this time, the Demons and the Divine Race were focused on amassing troops . Their losses in their past operation wasn’t small, so they needed some reinforcements to replace the losses . It was clear that they were yet to discover the arrival of the Underworld . Otherwise, they wouldn’t have waited for the troops and instead went forward and just attacked .



Less than two days after the Beastmen and the Rosen Empire started to move to the Space, the Aksu Empire, Elves, and Dwarves also agreed to migrate . The Aksu Empire had no special requests . On the other hand, the Dwarves and Elves had something to ask before migrating . The Elves wanted Zhao Hai to move their entire city into the Space . The Dwarves requested Zhao Hai to get the ores that they had mined all these years and then take them to the Space .



Chapter 793 Agreement After receiving Zhao Hai s notice, Wales immediately gathered the heads of the cow headed race and discussed the migration with them . Wales prestige in the Cow headed race was quite high . When the Herculean Bulls were in a slump, he led them to regain their place . Although Zhao Hai s help was critical to the success, it still doesn t take away from the fact that Wales was a talented leader . At the same time, Zhao Hai held a high status in the Cow headed race . After all, he was their Foreign Prince as well as the Beastman Race s Foreign Prince . Because of this, after Zhao Hai suggested that they move, none of the Cow headed race s patriarchs disagreed . However, the Cow headed race was no small group in the Prairie . It would take a long time for them to be moved . Because of this, their migration was much slower compared to the Humans and the Fishmen . But this matter also highlighted the advantages of the Beastmen . Since they have tents, it didn t take too long for their property to be transferred to the Space . This nomadic way of life proved to be more convenient compared to the Humans when it came to migration . When Zhao Hai heard that Wales was done preparing, he immediately opened a spatial rift near the Herculean Bulls camp . Then he started to guide the Cow headed Beastmen to enter the Space . The place where Wales entered was just right behind the Lyon Empire . In this place, there was a huge piece of grassland, much bigger than the original Beastman Prairie . There wouldn t be any problems if the entire Beastman Race relocated here . Moreover, the grass in the Space was much more abundant compared to the outside . At the same time, they regrow quicker . This would make the lives of the herding Beastmen much better . Zhao Hai doesn t intend to separate the Humans and the other races . After all, they used to live together . Moreover, Zhao Hai noticed that the races in the Ark Continent actually complemented each other, able to live alongside each other in harmony . If it wasn t for the Radiant Church, then there won t be any discord between the various races . After the Cow headed Beastmen entered the Space, they immediately took a liking to it . For them, the place was just like heaven . Blue sky, green grass, jade textured water everything here made up for the most ideal place for herding . The Cow headed Beastmen couldn t help but smile widely at the place . Some elderly Cow Beastmen even went to the ground and chewed on the grass . After tasting them, their eyes shone as they loudly said, This is high grade grass The Prince hasn t deceived us, this is the ideal place for us Beastmen The cheer of the people resounded all over the place . In the entire Cow headed race, the last to enter was Wales Herculean Bull Tribe . However, Zhao Hai had already arranged a good spot for them to transfer their golden tent to as soon as they came in . Wales was more than satisfied with the grassland around him . After looking out, he thought that this was a nice place to settle in . Just like the Lyon Empire and the Buddha Empire, Wales move to the Space influenced the entire Beastman Race . After seeing the Cow headed race willingly entering Zhao Hai s Space, they started to be convinced to move as well . After Wales and the others entered the Space, Zhao Hai wasn t too anxious of bringing them back out . In fact, Zhao Hai wanted Wales to stay inside for a while so that Wales can help sway the minds of the other Beastmen . After settling down for some time, Wales and some of the Cow Beastmen went out of the Space . The place where they appeared out of was Beast God City . Wales now understood how Zhao Hai was able to appear on the Prairie on a whim . It turned out that it was because of the Space . Wales came out of the Space and immediately went to the Beast King s Palace in order to inform the Beast King about their condition inside Zhao Hai s Space . The Beast King also wanted to move the Beastman Race to the Space . He knew that it was much safer inside the Space compared to outside . Migrating there would a good for the entire Beastman Race . However, it was clear that the Beast King s words alone wouldn t make this happen . Therefore, he can only discuss this matter with the Patriarchs of the big warring clans . He wanted them to move as soon as possible . Even so, the Patriarchs still didn t agree . This annoyed the Beast King . With the White Tigers, the Polar Bears, and the Blue Hawks being held back, this meant that their enemy was a strong one . Additionally, there was the encroaching poisonous dark mist . Counter attacking and reclaiming lost lands was virtually impossible . In this case, wouldn t moving to the Space a much better choice However, the Beastmen had the same mentality as the Humans when it came to this matter . They needed someone to take the lead . Once one of them went and migrated, then it would be easier for the others to follow suit . The Beast King actually wanted his Tiger Tribe to take the lead . After all, he was the Tiger Race s patriarch, it would be appropriate for them to make the first step . However, this move might not be enough to convince the other races . If the Tiger Tribe were the only ones to do this, then the effect might only be light . Just as the Beast King was annoyed at this matter, Wales came and told him that the Cow headed Race had already settled down inside the Space . This was definitely a good news for the Beast King . After hearing Wales report, the Beast King immediately decided to call the Patriarchs of the big warring tribes . He wanted them to hear Wales report firsthand . Although the Cow headed race wasn t considered as a warring tribe, they were still quite influential in the Prairie . Their special relationship with Zhao Hai provided them with a higher status among other Beastmen . All of the Beastmen know about the matters between Zhao Hai and the Herculean Bulls . Also, Zhao Hai s status had risen even more when he sold the Beastmen his grain, when he found the Beast God s Spear, and when he established a milk wine business with the entire Prairie . All of these feats elevated Zhao Hai s image inside the hearts of the Beastmen . And now that the Demons and the Divine Race had come, Zhao Hai s status became even higher . This was because Zhao Hai was in the forefront of the battle between the two invaders . The Beastmen admires brave people the most, because of this, their respect for Zhao Hai was quite high . After the Patriarchs heard Wales report about the Space, all of them became excited . However, they had a request, they wanted to personally visit the Space . When the Beast King heard this, he immediately took his messenger fish and told Zhao Hai about what happened . Zhao Hai didn t even need to think about it . Inside the conference room, a spatial rift suddenly appeared . After that, the Patriarchs were then led to witness the Space for themselves . These Beastmen have always been weary about Zhao Hai s skills . But for the sake of the Beastman Race, they still entered the Space . The place where Zhao Hai sent them to was the place where the Cow headed Beastmen were located . After looking at the grassland, the Beastmen Patriarchs immediately believed Wales words . The grass was indeed very good . Beastmen had been herding for all their lives . For them, good pastures can be discerned in just one glance . This grassland was indeed very good and there were even plenty of water sources . It would be very strange if the Beastmen didn t move after seeing this . The Beastmen Patriarchs stayed in the Space for quite some time before they left . Once they got out, the Patriarch immediately returned to their territories and prepared their people to move out . Their decision made Zhao Hai smile . And even more worth celebrating was the fact that the Rosen Empire had decided to move in as well . In order to convince the Emperor, Zhao Hai even promised him that there would be no change in authority once they move to the Space . Zhao Hai also showed the Space s Rosen Empire to the Emperor . Because of this, the Emperor finally agreed . The last time the Rosen Emperor visited the Space, the new Ark Continent was yet to be made . Now that a complete copy of the Rosen Empire was created, and people were going to live here, the Rosen Emperor naturally agreed . Actually, the Rosen Emperor was still quite reserved about the decision . After all, he was Zhao Hai s father in law . Once he entered the Space, then his position as an elder would be affected . But in the end, after Lizzy s persuasion, the Rosen Emperor finally agreed . As the matter stands, only the Elves, the Dwarves, and the Aksu Empire were yet to make a decision . At this moment, it had been half a month after the last attack made by the Divine Race . Half a month wasn t a long time, and this showed why Zhao Hai s Space was a wonderful thing . In just half a month, Zhao Hai was able to move most of the people from the Buddha and the Lyon Empire into the Space . At the same time, large numbers of Beastmen and Fishmen had also moved in . But although Zhao Hai was taking care of the migration, he still kept an eye out for the actions made by the Demons and the Divine Race . At this time, the Demons and the Divine Race were focused on amassing troops . Their losses in their past operation wasn t small, so they needed some reinforcements to replace the losses . It was clear that they were yet to discover the arrival of the Underworld . Otherwise, they wouldn t have waited for the troops and instead went forward and just attacked . Less than two days after the Beastmen and the Rosen Empire started to move to the Space, the Aksu Empire, Elves, and Dwarves also agreed to migrate . The Aksu Empire had no special requests . On the other hand, the Dwarves and Elves had something to ask before migrating . The Elves wanted Zhao Hai to move their entire city into the Space . The Dwarves requested Zhao Hai to get the ores that they had mined all these years and then take them to the Space .





* * *


 794: 794

Chapter 794 – Blown Away



The Demon Dragon King looked at the report on his table . This was his fifth time reading the report, he has yet to comprehend what it meant .



This report was none other than the Ark Continent’s mass migration . The report stated that the Buddha and the Lyon Empire just moved while the Aksu and Rosen Empires were packing their things . At the same time, the Beastmen were also moving . The Dwarves and the Elves’ situation were unclear .



The report also stated that once the migration becomes successful, then there would be no people left in the Ark Continent .



The Demon Dragon King doubted the authenticity of this information . Where would the people of the Ark Continent move? The continent was a huge place, where would they fit?



The Demon Dragon King knew that the Ark Continent had a lot of people . The Humans alone accounted for more than a billion people . With the other races included, then it would reach a couple billion people . What place would allow this many people to live in? Moreover, the food and living conditions of these people needed to be considered . And now that the Ark Continent showed their ability to resist, why would they decide to move?



However, the Demon Dragon King knew that it would be impossible for their spies to deceive him . This made him even more confused .



Although it was the truth, it was still too hard to believe . Therefore, he was stuck on what decision to make upon receiving the report .



He didn’t know what Zhao Hai was scheming . After their multiple confrontations, the Demon Dragon King had learned to fear Zhao Hai’s plans . If the Demon Dragon King loses more people, then he wouldn’t be able to shoulder the responsibility .



At the same time, the Divine Race also received this information . The Divine Race had their own spies in the Ark Continent . After all, the Radiant Church had managed it for many years, their foundation was quite solid . With how many people they had, weeding them out was quite hard .



It was only because the Ark Continent were strict in the past that these people hid themselves while some were being ambushed . However, since the Ark Continent had gotten more chaotic than before, it was inevitable that the attention on the spies had lessened . Therefore, the Divine Race were able to receive reports from the Ark Continent .



Like the Demon Dragon King, the Divine Race were also baffled by the report . They couldn’t comprehend what it meant . They even thought that the information was a trap .



The reason these people were yet to make a move was because they had yet to find a way to deal with Zhao Hai’s harassment tactics . Zhao Hai’s move was just too scary .



They did exactly what Zhao Hai wanted, giving him time . At this time, the Buddha and Lyon Empire had been moved to the Space . The Aksu and Rosen Empire had also begun their move along with the Elves and the Dwarves .



One could say that the most difficult to move were the Elves and the Dwarves . The Dwarves needed to have mines where they live . Therefore, Zhao Hai prepared a place with an iron and coal mine for them .



Since the Space leveled up, Zhao Hai can now make optional arrangements for the minerals of the Space . Because Zhao Hai had pure iron, he decided to place it in the new Ark Continent’s Dwarf mountain, allowing it to turn the rocks around it into iron .



On the other hand, the Elves were more difficult . They were used to living in a forest, the type that was never been touched . This was a difficult condition, needing specific planning for the Space . Having a new forest in a short time was just impossible . Zhao Hai can only leave a place for the Elves to plant trees in .



In the end, Zhao Hai decided to choose a forested background and modify it to look like the Elven Forest . The only thing he couldn’t achieve was the Elven Tree City itself .



Zhao Hai didn’t know what kind of tree it was . The Elves had grown it for a long time, it was impossible to duplicate that city in the Space .



It was fortunate that the Elves asked Zhao Hai to relocate the tree itself into the Space . After thinking about it, Zhao Hai agreed .



To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t want to leave the Elven Tree City behind as well . To Zhao Hai, that city was a miracle of nature . When Zhao Hai agreed to take the Elven Tree City along, the Elves decided to dig the city out . Otherwise, there would be now way for Zhao Hai to take it to the Space .



But as the Elves were starting to dig, Zhao Hai told them that there was no need . Zhao Hai guaranteed them that the tree wouldn’t be affected by the move .



The Space hadn’t disappointed Zhao Hai, it easily absorbed the Elven Tree City . The Elves had now officially settled inside the Space .



The condition made by the Dwarves were very unique . They wanted Zhao Hai to take the weapons and armor, as well as the ingots that they had accumulated over the years . Naturally, Zhao Hai was happy to agree .



Although the Space already had a large amount of iron, Zhao Hai was still happy to add some more .



But when Zhao Hai saw the Dwarves’ stock, he couldn’t help but be shocked . The Dwarves had almost hollowed the mountain range after all these years . And all of the iron ore that they weren’t able to process were stockpiled and then turned to ingots for later use . Also, one needed to know that the amount of ore mined in a day was much bigger than the amount that could be processed in the same timeframe .



The iron ore was just too much, Zhao Hai simply couldn’t estimate it . The iron ingots and products were already piled in huge mountain-like piles, not to mention the iron ore . The Dwarves’ stockpile was just too large .



After taking all these things, Billy also proposed something . He wanted to leave a few people behind and completely dig the entire mountain of ores .



When Zhao Hai heard Billy, he thought about it for a moment before he agreed . Leaving those iron ores in the Ark Continent would be a waste . Also, it might even benefit the Demons and the Divine Race . So Zhao Hai would rather use them for himself .



In the past, the Dwarves were considering their safety when they were mining the mountain . There were places that they haven’t dug out because it might cause the mountain to collapse . Since they didn’t need to worry about that now, then they would clear the mountain even if it cause it to crumple .



This idea also opened a new thought for Zhao Hai . Although the valuable things inside the Ark Continent were already taken to the Space, there were still things in the continent that were of value, things like wood, bamboo, some machines, metal and the like . Naturally Zhao Hai didn’t want to just leave them be . Since the Demons and the Divine Race didn’t attack and the people had already moved, Zhao Hai released massive amounts of undead to collect things . The ransack was even more ruthless than the shakedowns made by corrupt officials . As long as something can be used, they weren’t let go .



The ones who gave Zhao Hai the least worry were the Beastmen . All of their items were very easy to move . They just placed their belongings on carts before they moved, it was a completely easy process .



On the other hand, the ones Zhao Hai worried the most were the Fishmen . The people of the sea were just too numerous . As the Fishmen entered the Space, Zhao Hai discovered that they were too slow . To solve this, Zhao Hai told the Elf Queen to concentrate the Fishmen and he would just take them to the Space . This process would be quicker than having them go through the spatial rift .



The Queen agreed to Zhao Hai’s proposal . Groups of Fishmen made cube formations and stayed where they were . Then Zhao Hai continuously absorbed them towards the Space .



This takes more time and effort, but Zhao Hai had no other choice . But what moved Zhao Hai was the fact that there were also a lot of useful things in the sea, such as iron ores, other metals, and sea products . It would be a waste to leave them be .



However, Zhao Hai also knew that it wouldn’t be so easy to extract those things out . And compared to the seas, the mainland still had a lot of resources he could use . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to just take the easy route and leave the seas for now .



The Demons and the Divine Race didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have a thing such as the Space . The people who moved discovered that things weren’t different after they moved . They were just met by their empty house, the same style that they were used to . Under the efforts of the officials, their residence didn’t change . For the people, it was just like moving all of their things outside their house before placing it right back in . Moreover, their new homes seemed more comfortable compared to before .



In the past, the homes of these commoners were worn out since they didn’t have the money for repair . Although Zhao Hai made a complete copy of the Ark Continent, it was troublesome for him to also imitate the worn out look of the houses . Because of this, the commoners were given with newer versions of their old house . Naturally, the commoners were happy with this result .



After going through great effort, the relocation of the Ark Continent was short of completion . Except the Fishmen who lived far, all of the people were already settled inside the Space .



Chapter 794 Blown AwayThe Demon Dragon King looked at the report on his table . This was his fifth time reading the report, he has yet to comprehend what it meant . This report was none other than the Ark Continent s mass migration . The report stated that the Buddha and the Lyon Empire just moved while the Aksu and Rosen Empires were packing their things . At the same time, the Beastmen were also moving . The Dwarves and the Elves situation were unclear . The report also stated that once the migration becomes successful, then there would be no people left in the Ark Continent . The Demon Dragon King doubted the authenticity of this information . Where would the people of the Ark Continent move The continent was a huge place, where would they fit The Demon Dragon King knew that the Ark Continent had a lot of people . The Humans alone accounted for more than a billion people . With the other races included, then it would reach a couple billion people . What place would allow this many people to live in Moreover, the food and living conditions of these people needed to be considered . And now that the Ark Continent showed their ability to resist, why would they decide to move However, the Demon Dragon King knew that it would be impossible for their spies to deceive him . This made him even more confused . Although it was the truth, it was still too hard to believe . Therefore, he was stuck on what decision to make upon receiving the report . He didn t know what Zhao Hai was scheming . After their multiple confrontations, the Demon Dragon King had learned to fear Zhao Hai s plans . If the Demon Dragon King loses more people, then he wouldn t be able to shoulder the responsibility . At the same time, the Divine Race also received this information . The Divine Race had their own spies in the Ark Continent . After all, the Radiant Church had managed it for many years, their foundation was quite solid . With how many people they had, weeding them out was quite hard . It was only because the Ark Continent were strict in the past that these people hid themselves while some were being ambushed . However, since the Ark Continent had gotten more chaotic than before, it was inevitable that the attention on the spies had lessened . Therefore, the Divine Race were able to receive reports from the Ark Continent . Like the Demon Dragon King, the Divine Race were also baffled by the report . They couldn t comprehend what it meant . They even thought that the information was a trap . The reason these people were yet to make a move was because they had yet to find a way to deal with Zhao Hai s harassment tactics . Zhao Hai s move was just too scary . They did exactly what Zhao Hai wanted, giving him time . At this time, the Buddha and Lyon Empire had been moved to the Space . The Aksu and Rosen Empire had also begun their move along with the Elves and the Dwarves . One could say that the most difficult to move were the Elves and the Dwarves . The Dwarves needed to have mines where they live . Therefore, Zhao Hai prepared a place with an iron and coal mine for them . Since the Space leveled up, Zhao Hai can now make optional arrangements for the minerals of the Space . Because Zhao Hai had pure iron, he decided to place it in the new Ark Continent s Dwarf mountain, allowing it to turn the rocks around it into iron . On the other hand, the Elves were more difficult . They were used to living in a forest, the type that was never been touched . This was a difficult condition, needing specific planning for the Space . Having a new forest in a short time was just impossible . Zhao Hai can only leave a place for the Elves to plant trees in . In the end, Zhao Hai decided to choose a forested background and modify it to look like the Elven Forest . The only thing he couldn t achieve was the Elven Tree City itself . Zhao Hai didn t know what kind of tree it was . The Elves had grown it for a long time, it was impossible to duplicate that city in the Space . It was fortunate that the Elves asked Zhao Hai to relocate the tree itself into the Space . After thinking about it, Zhao Hai agreed . To be honest, Zhao Hai didn t want to leave the Elven Tree City behind as well . To Zhao Hai, that city was a miracle of nature . When Zhao Hai agreed to take the Elven Tree City along, the Elves decided to dig the city out . Otherwise, there would be now way for Zhao Hai to take it to the Space . But as the Elves were starting to dig, Zhao Hai told them that there was no need . Zhao Hai guaranteed them that the tree wouldn t be affected by the move . The Space hadn t disappointed Zhao Hai, it easily absorbed the Elven Tree City . The Elves had now officially settled inside the Space . The condition made by the Dwarves were very unique . They wanted Zhao Hai to take the weapons and armor, as well as the ingots that they had accumulated over the years . Naturally, Zhao Hai was happy to agree . Although the Space already had a large amount of iron, Zhao Hai was still happy to add some more . But when Zhao Hai saw the Dwarves stock, he couldn t help but be shocked . The Dwarves had almost hollowed the mountain range after all these years . And all of the iron ore that they weren t able to process were stockpiled and then turned to ingots for later use . Also, one needed to know that the amount of ore mined in a day was much bigger than the amount that could be processed in the same timeframe . The iron ore was just too much, Zhao Hai simply couldn t estimate it . The iron ingots and products were already piled in huge mountain like piles, not to mention the iron ore . The Dwarves stockpile was just too large . After taking all these things, Billy also proposed something . He wanted to leave a few people behind and completely dig the entire mountain of ores . When Zhao Hai heard Billy, he thought about it for a moment before he agreed . Leaving those iron ores in the Ark Continent would be a waste . Also, it might even benefit the Demons and the Divine Race . So Zhao Hai would rather use them for himself . In the past, the Dwarves were considering their safety when they were mining the mountain . There were places that they haven t dug out because it might cause the mountain to collapse . Since they didn t need to worry about that now, then they would clear the mountain even if it cause it to crumple . This idea also opened a new thought for Zhao Hai . Although the valuable things inside the Ark Continent were already taken to the Space, there were still things in the continent that were of value, things like wood, bamboo, some machines, metal and the like . Naturally Zhao Hai didn t want to just leave them be . Since the Demons and the Divine Race didn t attack and the people had already moved, Zhao Hai released massive amounts of undead to collect things . The ransack was even more ruthless than the shakedowns made by corrupt officials . As long as something can be used, they weren t let go . The ones who gave Zhao Hai the least worry were the Beastmen . All of their items were very easy to move . They just placed their belongings on carts before they moved, it was a completely easy process . On the other hand, the ones Zhao Hai worried the most were the Fishmen . The people of the sea were just too numerous . As the Fishmen entered the Space, Zhao Hai discovered that they were too slow . To solve this, Zhao Hai told the Elf Queen to concentrate the Fishmen and he would just take them to the Space . This process would be quicker than having them go through the spatial rift . The Queen agreed to Zhao Hai s proposal . Groups of Fishmen made cube formations and stayed where they were . Then Zhao Hai continuously absorbed them towards the Space . This takes more time and effort, but Zhao Hai had no other choice . But what moved Zhao Hai was the fact that there were also a lot of useful things in the sea, such as iron ores, other metals, and sea products . It would be a waste to leave them be . However, Zhao Hai also knew that it wouldn t be so easy to extract those things out . And compared to the seas, the mainland still had a lot of resources he could use . Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to just take the easy route and leave the seas for now . The Demons and the Divine Race didn t think that Zhao Hai would have a thing such as the Space . The people who moved discovered that things weren t different after they moved . They were just met by their empty house, the same style that they were used to . Under the efforts of the officials, their residence didn t change . For the people, it was just like moving all of their things outside their house before placing it right back in . Moreover, their new homes seemed more comfortable compared to before . In the past, the homes of these commoners were worn out since they didn t have the money for repair . Although Zhao Hai made a complete copy of the Ark Continent, it was troublesome for him to also imitate the worn out look of the houses . Because of this, the commoners were given with newer versions of their old house . Naturally, the commoners were happy with this result . After going through great effort, the relocation of the Ark Continent was short of completion . Except the Fishmen who lived far, all of the people were already settled inside the Space .





* * *





Chapter 795 – Bird Flying on a Vast Sky

The Demons and the Divine Race finally felt that something was wrong . They haven’t received news from their spies for a couple days now . Although Zhao Hai’s soldiers didn’t retreat, the information that they received made them feel uneasy . They were starting to believe that the information was true . If the people of the Ark Continent really migrated, what would they do?

Although both invaders were restless, the unease felt by the Demons were less compared to the Divine Race . Their main goal was the Ark Continent’s land, so even if the people have moved away, it didn’t matter that much .

On the other hand, the Divine Race wanted the people of the continent . They saw this invasion as an act of revenge . This was because the Ark Continent had bested them once before . For the proud Divines, this was completely intolerable . However, the Divine Race found that they won’t be able to do that now .

The Demons were constantly receiving reinforcements, with the Great Demon King coming in a few days . The Demon Dragon King didn’t want to attack before the Great Demon King arrived .

The situation of the Divine Race was complex . When they sent news to the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus Race, they expected them to send their elites in order to deal with Zhao Hai .

However, they didn’t think that even if the two races said that they would send people in, their preparation was too slow . Many days have passed yet their army were yet to arrive . It was very obvious that they were delaying time . This made Thunder Yun confused, he couldn’t understand why the two races would do this . But in fact, Thunder Yun had forgotten . The two races did indeed feel they needed to take revenge against Zhao Hai, however, their hatred for the Divine Race was deeper . Strictly speaking, they couldn’t blame Zhao Hai for killing their people . If the Divine Race didn’t invade the Ark Continent, then those Barbarian and Winged Pegasus people wouldn’t have died . Their deaths were actually because of the Divine Race .





Thunder Yun hadn’t thought about this point . He has been thinking as someone far above the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus people . In his mind, these two races should always obey the Divine Race . The deaths of the two units were well deserved . They were slaves of the Divine Race, they didn’t have the right to resent the Divine Race .

It was because of this mindset that Thunder Yun miscalculated the reaction of the two races, costing him a lot of time in the end . Finally, Thunder Yun felt that something was wrong . After a strict order towards the two races, the process of reinforcement went forward a bit faster . While this was happening, huge changed already happened in the Ark Continent . Aside from the magic beasts, one could hardly see anything alive . The ones being busy at this time were the undead .

Zhao Hai sat in the Space and took a deep breath, he can finally sigh with relief . The entire Ark Continent had migrated to the Space, everyone was now safe . A large worry in his heart has been removed . The only thing left to worry about was upgrading the Space as well as repelling the Demons and the Divine Race .

The people of the Ark Continent were very happy to live in the Space . The Space’s air was much better compared to the Ark Continent . The growth of crops was also faster compared to the mainland . When the Empires moved to the Space, their reserves were transported by Zhao Hai as well . Because of this, the lives of the civilians were much better than before .

In the past, the commoners were also worried about being unable to eat their meals . But now they don’t need to worry about it . There was a lot of land in the Space, and the crop yield was very high . Additionally, Zhao Hai was providing food and clothing subsidies to the people . One could say that the commoners were already set when it came to necessities and shelter .

Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the villa, looking at the troops in the Buddha Empire . However, these troops weren’t the ones who harassed the Demons and the Divine Race . After transporting their families to the Space, Zhao Hai had the original army take a rest in order to recuperate .

Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking of letting the Demons and the Divine Race off . These two groups didn’t come with good intentions . This was especially true for the Divine Race, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to forgive them . He was unlike the people who migrated to the Space, they were already living great lives, thinking that there was no need to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race .





Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking of letting the Demons and the Divine Race off . These two groups didn’t come with good intentions . This was especially true for the Divine Race, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to forgive them . He was unlike the people who migrated to the Space, they were already living great lives, thinking that there was no need to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race .

After the Ark Continent’s people were moved to the Space, Zhao Hai had finally breathed a sigh of relief . When he deals with the Demons and the Divine Race in the future, he would be less reserved compared to before . At this point, Zhao Hai was thinking about how to deal with the two invaders .

Zhao Hai also discovered that there was no need for him to use the continent’s military . After all, the people had just moved to the Space for two days . If Zhao Hai decided to mobilize them once more, then there would be little point to sending them to migrate .

The military strength that Zhao Hai depended on would originate in a certain place, the Northern Icefield!

The Northern Icefield has been fully occupied by the undead . The undead propagating there right now were just low level undead or low level dark creatures . These things held no threat against Zhao Hai . The reason the Beastmen were afraid of the Underworld was because of the Dark Mist . Not only was the mist poisonous, it also hindered people from seeing through it . Because of this, the Beastmen weren’t able to see that the undead they were going against were just low level ones .

And for Zhao Hai, these undead were very good manpower sources . These things would immediately be subdued by the Space, transforming them into Zhao Hai’s own undead army . Because of this, Zhao Hai didn’t plan on sending more troops out into the battlefield .

The entire Ark Continent had become Zhao Hai’s large playground . He was now able to fight in however way he wanted . With his current strength, he can now fight with the Demons and the Divine Race . It was time to find out whether Zhao Hai’s tactics were stronger compared to the Demon and the Divine Race armies .

Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race’s camp and sneered . Now he was thinking about how to start dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . At this moment, a voice was heard, “Brother Hai, can I ask you one thing?”





Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race’s camp and sneered . Now he was thinking about how to start dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . At this moment, a voice was heard, “Brother Hai, can I ask you one thing?”

Zhao Hai turned his head to see Berry . Zhao Hai looked at Berry and asked, “Berry? What’s wrong? As long as I can do it, then I’ll help you . After all, I’m your husband, tell my what you want . ”

Berry looked excited at Zhao Hai’s response before she sighed and said, “Brother Hai, this might sound awkward . But, I, I want to ask you to allow my people to enter the Space . ” Zhao Hai stered, he didn’t think that Berry would say this . He turned to Berry and said, “Why did you suddenly think of this?” Berry looked at the blue skies outside and said, ‘Brother Hai, we cannot see this kind of sky in the Demon Realm . For the Demons, skies like these can only be found in heaven . My Succubus Race has a high status in the Demon Realm, but those strong Demons like to treat us as playthings . If the Succubus race wanted to survive, then they would need to marry those with great power . In exchange, we would keep our living space . We Succubi didn’t want to live like this, but there was no other way . Brother Hai, your Space is huge . If there is a chance, I’d want to have a place for my family to live in . ”

Zhao Hai looked at Berry’s face and smiled, “There’s no need to think about it . That’s not a problem . As long as an opportunity comes, then I can make the Succubus of the Demon Realm enter the Space . But we need to consider where they’ll live in, we can’t have them be in the villa at all times . ”

When Berry heard Zhao Hai, she smiled before throwing a kiss towards Zhao Hai’s face . Zhao Hai turned his head to meet Berry’s lips, then the two went on to passionately kiss on the spot .

At this time, Megan’s voice can be heard, “Everyone, come quick . There’s two affectionate people here . ” Then came the giggles of the women .

When Berry heard Megan, her body immediately jumped up as she looked at Megan and the others with a reddened face . Megan and the others went to the Space’s Ark Continent to see how the people were doing, therefore, Berry had the confidence to get bold . But now she was seen by the other women, naturally she would be embarrassed .

When Zhao Hai saw that the women were back, he smiled and said, “You’re back . How are the people? Are there no problems?”



When Berry heard Megan, her body immediately jumped up as she looked at Megan and the others with a reddened face . Megan and the others went to the Space’s Ark Continent to see how the people were doing, therefore, Berry had the confidence to get bold . But now she was seen by the other women, naturally she would be embarrassed .

When Zhao Hai saw that the women were back, he smiled and said, “You’re back . How are the people? Are there no problems?”

Megan pouted and said, “Brother Hai, don’t change the topic . You haven’t kissed me like that before . ”

Megan’s response made the women’s laughter even louder . Although Megan was red-faced, she was still giggling . She didn’t care . After all, only they were left in the villa . Shue and Shun, along with Blockhead and Rockhead were out and exploring the new Ark Space .

This Ark Space was where the people of the Ark Continent were . Zhao Hai had officially named it Ark Space . Besides that there was also the Fishman Space, naturally, it was the place where the Fishmen were .

As soon as these two places were arranged, Zhao Hai felt great relief . He finally felt like a bird flying in a vast sky .

The Ark Continent’s people had become shackles that prevented him from doing a lot of things . There were the Demons and the Divine Race, and more importantly, the cultivation realm . Now that the Ark Continent was safe, Zhao Hai can finally focus his full effort in dealing with his problems .

 Chapter 795 Bird Flying on a Vast Sky The Demons and the Divine Race finally felt that something was wrong . They haven t received news from their spies for a couple days now . Although Zhao Hai s soldiers didn t retreat, the information that they received made them feel uneasy . They were starting to believe that the information was true . If the people of the Ark Continent really migrated, what would they do Although both invaders were restless, the unease felt by the Demons were less compared to the Divine Race . Their main goal was the Ark Continent s land, so even if the people have moved away, it didn t matter that much . On the other hand, the Divine Race wanted the people of the continent . They saw this invasion as an act of revenge . This was because the Ark Continent had bested them once before . For the proud Divines, this was completely intolerable . However, the Divine Race found that they won t be able to do that now . The Demons were constantly receiving reinforcements, with the Great Demon King coming in a few days . The Demon Dragon King didn t want to attack before the Great Demon King arrived . The situation of the Divine Race was complex . When they sent news to the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus Race, they expected them to send their elites in order to deal with Zhao Hai . However, they didn t think that even if the two races said that they would send people in, their preparation was too slow . Many days have passed yet their army were yet to arrive . It was very obvious that they were delaying time . This made Thunder Yun confused, he couldn t understand why the two races would do this . But in fact, Thunder Yun had forgotten . The two races did indeed feel they needed to take revenge against Zhao Hai, however, their hatred for the Divine Race was deeper . Strictly speaking, they couldn t blame Zhao Hai for killing their people . If the Divine Race didn t invade the Ark Continent, then those Barbarian and Winged Pegasus people wouldn t have died . Their deaths were actually because of the Divine Race . Thunder Yun hadn t thought about this point . He has been thinking as someone far above the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus people . In his mind, these two races should always obey the Divine Race . The deaths of the two units were well deserved . They were slaves of the Divine Race, they didn t have the right to resent the Divine Race . It was because of this mindset that Thunder Yun miscalculated the reaction of the two races, costing him a lot of time in the end . Finally, Thunder Yun felt that something was wrong . After a strict order towards the two races, the process of reinforcement went forward a bit faster . While this was happening, huge changed already happened in the Ark Continent . Aside from the magic beasts, one could hardly see anything alive . The ones being busy at this time were the undead . Zhao Hai sat in the Space and took a deep breath, he can finally sigh with relief . The entire Ark Continent had migrated to the Space, everyone was now safe . A large worry in his heart has been removed . The only thing left to worry about was upgrading the Space as well as repelling the Demons and the Divine Race . The people of the Ark Continent were very happy to live in the Space . The Space s air was much better compared to the Ark Continent . The growth of crops was also faster compared to the mainland . When the Empires moved to the Space, their reserves were transported by Zhao Hai as well . Because of this, the lives of the civilians were much better than before . In the past, the commoners were also worried about being unable to eat their meals . But now they don t need to worry about it . There was a lot of land in the Space, and the crop yield was very high . Additionally, Zhao Hai was providing food and clothing subsidies to the people . One could say that the commoners were already set when it came to necessities and shelter . Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the villa, looking at the troops in the Buddha Empire . However, these troops weren t the ones who harassed the Demons and the Divine Race . After transporting their families to the Space, Zhao Hai had the original army take a rest in order to recuperate . Zhao Hai wasn t thinking of letting the Demons and the Divine Race off . These two groups didn t come with good intentions . This was especially true for the Divine Race, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to forgive them . He was unlike the people who migrated to the Space, they were already living great lives, thinking that there was no need to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race . After the Ark Continent s people were moved to the Space, Zhao Hai had finally breathed a sigh of relief . When he deals with the Demons and the Divine Race in the future, he would be less reserved compared to before . At this point, Zhao Hai was thinking about how to deal with the two invaders . Zhao Hai also discovered that there was no need for him to use the continent s military . After all, the people had just moved to the Space for two days . If Zhao Hai decided to mobilize them once more, then there would be little point to sending them to migrate . The military strength that Zhao Hai depended on would originate in a certain place, the Northern Icefield The Northern Icefield has been fully occupied by the undead . The undead propagating there right now were just low level undead or low level dark creatures . These things held no threat against Zhao Hai . The reason the Beastmen were afraid of the Underworld was because of the Dark Mist . Not only was the mist poisonous, it also hindered people from seeing through it . Because of this, the Beastmen weren t able to see that the undead they were going against were just low level ones . And for Zhao Hai, these undead were very good manpower sources . These things would immediately be subdued by the Space, transforming them into Zhao Hai s own undead army . Because of this, Zhao Hai didn t plan on sending more troops out into the battlefield . The entire Ark Continent had become Zhao Hai s large playground . He was now able to fight in however way he wanted . With his current strength, he can now fight with the Demons and the Divine Race . It was time to find out whether Zhao Hai s tactics were stronger compared to the Demon and the Divine Race armies . Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race s camp and sneered . Now he was thinking about how to start dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . At this moment, a voice was heard, Brother Hai, can I ask you one thing Zhao Hai turned his head to see Berry . Zhao Hai looked at Berry and asked, Berry What s wrong As long as I can do it, then I ll help you . After all, I m your husband, tell my what you want . Berry looked excited at Zhao Hai s response before she sighed and said, Brother Hai, this might sound awkward . But, I, I want to ask you to allow my people to enter the Space . Zhao Hai stered, he didn t think that Berry would say this . He turned to Berry and said, Why did you suddenly think of this Berry looked at the blue skies outside and said, Brother Hai, we cannot see this kind of sky in the Demon Realm . For the Demons, skies like these can only be found in heaven . My Succubus Race has a high status in the Demon Realm, but those strong Demons like to treat us as playthings . If the Succubus race wanted to survive, then they would need to marry those with great power . In exchange, we would keep our living space . We Succubi didn t want to live like this, but there was no other way . Brother Hai, your Space is huge . If there is a chance, I d want to have a place for my family to live in . Zhao Hai looked at Berry s face and smiled, There s no need to think about it . That s not a problem . As long as an opportunity comes, then I can make the Succubus of the Demon Realm enter the Space . But we need to consider where they ll live in, we can t have them be in the villa at all times . When Berry heard Zhao Hai, she smiled before throwing a kiss towards Zhao Hai s face . Zhao Hai turned his head to meet Berry s lips, then the two went on to passionately kiss on the spot . At this time, Megan s voice can be heard, Everyone, come quick . There s two affectionate people here . Then came the giggles of the women . When Berry heard Megan, her body immediately jumped up as she looked at Megan and the others with a reddened face . Megan and the others went to the Space s Ark Continent to see how the people were doing, therefore, Berry had the confidence to get bold . But now she was seen by the other women, naturally she would be embarrassed . When Zhao Hai saw that the women were back, he smiled and said, You re back . How are the people Are there no problems Megan pouted and said, Brother Hai, don t change the topic . You haven t kissed me like that before . Megan s response made the women s laughter even louder . Although Megan was red faced, she was still giggling . She didn t care . After all, only they were left in the villa . Shue and Shun, along with Blockhead and Rockhead were out and exploring the new Ark Space . This Ark Space was where the people of the Ark Continent were . Zhao Hai had officially named it Ark Space . Besides that there was also the Fishman Space, naturally, it was the place where the Fishmen were . As soon as these two places were arranged, Zhao Hai felt great relief . He finally felt like a bird flying in a vast sky . The Ark Continent s people had become shackles that prevented him from doing a lot of things . There were the Demons and the Divine Race, and more importantly, the cultivation realm . Now that the Ark Continent was safe, Zhao Hai can finally focus his full effort in dealing with his problems .





* * *


 796: 796

Chapter 796 – Zhao Hai’s Depression



Megan felt that Zhao Hai’s mood has become better, that is why she made this joke . Zhao Hai looked at Megan and couldn’t help but laugh, “Alright, I’ll give you one just like that . My little Megan, come here!” Then he opened both of his arms towards Megan .



Megan made an ugly face as she said, “I won’t hug you . ” Then she ran of while giggling like a little girl .



Seeing Megan running off, Zhao Hai felt specially relaxed . The one feeling happy wasn’t just him, Megan and the others felt it as well .



When Zhao Hai thought about it, he finally understood what was going on . Laura and the others were native to the Ark Continent . Besides their family members, they also had friends and relatives who lived there . Although Zhao Hai had resisted the invasion made by the Demons and the Divine Race, the women still couldn’t help but worry for the future . If Zhao Hai couldn’t resist one day, then their families and friends wouldn’t have good lives .



Megan and the others had always been right beside Zhao Hai during the war . Because of this, they knew firsthand how powerful the Demons and the Divine Race were . Naturally, this fact made them even more worried .



They were worried for their family and friends’ safety, so how could they be at ease . Since Zhao Hai was busy thinking about how to deal with the invaders, he had failed to notice their mood .



But now that the people of the Ark Continent were in the Space, it wasn’t only Zhao Hai who felt great relief . Megan and the others felt happy as well, their worries had vanished into thin air .



After thinking about this, Zhao Hai’s heart couldn’t help but feel warm . Megan and the others had it hard, but they still didn’t tell Zhao Hai to send their family and friends to the Space . It can be seen that they still held Zhao Hai first in their hearts, this touched Zhao Hai’s heart .



At the same time, Zhao Hai also felt guilty . He hadn’t thought into how Laura and the others felt . If he wasn’t firm in his resolve to transfer the Ark Continent’s people to the Space, then he wouldn’t have seen their happy expressions right now .



Zhao Hai got up from his chair and hugged his wives as he whispered “Sorry” in a soft voice .



Laura and the others were intelligent, so they immediately understood what Zhao hai meant . They couldn’t blame Zhao Hai and just didn’t say anything . Instead, they gently held Zhao Hai and hugged him tightly as well .



After some time, Zhao Hai said, “I just discussed with Berry, if an opportunity comes, we’ll have her people move to the Space . ” Laura and the others nodded, Laura replied, “Right, the Demon Realm’s environment is just too terrible . The Space is much better in comparison . . On the other hand, Brother Hai, those commoners won’t have food problems anymore . After a long time, those people might go lazy . Should we give them something to do?”



Zhao Hai stared, then he said, “Right, that wouldn’t be great . Do you have any ideas? Tell me?”



Laura smiled and said, “What are the reasons why we received the people of the Ark Continent into the Space? One of them is to gather faith power while another is to increase our strength . The Space’s environment is much better compared to outside . There are no natural disasters here and there was no need to worry about food . If this continued, then the people would get lazy, so we need to make them do something . The main things we need to take care of is faith and their strength . ” When Zhao Hai heard this, he replied, “You mean, we’ll have them worship me as a god while training them in magic and battle qi?”



Laura nodded and said, “At this time, we can’t have them just worship you . That is just impossible, it might even cause dislike . Therefore, I have thought of a good way to do so . In the Ark Space, we need to have a projection in each city, showing the fight against the Demons and the Divine Race . What do you think?”



Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “That wouldn’t be hard . When fight comes, we can have projections in each city . But will this work?” Laura was full of confidence, “It’ll work, definitely . Brother Hai, every time you fight with your undead, people will surely cheer . ”



Megan and the others smiled when they heard Laura . In fact, they had already discussed this matter before . Having the people of the Ark Continent worship Zhao Hai as a god wouldn’t be an easy matter . After all, Zhao Hai was just like them, a person of the Ark Continent . Would you suddenly worship a friend at your side as a god? That would be impossible . Because of this, Laura and the others decided that forcing Zhao Hai as a god would be impossible .



Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, let’s do it according to you plan . However, we need to wait for some time before we fight the Demons and the Divine Race . There are still good things left in the Ark Continent . I was thinking that as long as they don’t attack us, then we wouldn’t make the first move . In the meantime, we’ll slowly take more good things into the Space . What do you think?”



Laura smiled and said, “Brother Hai is really mad with money . But if those things remain in the Ark Continent, then they might be used by the Demons and the Divine Race . in any case, the Ark Continent’ people needed to adapt for some time . Also, I’m afraid that the Demons and the Divine Race would wait too long . ”



Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Don’t worry, the Demons and the Divine Race should be aware of the change in the Ark Continent . After all, we caught a lot of spies last time . ”



When Zhao Hai moved the people of the Ark Continent to the Space, the spies of the Demons and the Divine Race began to come out . Naturally, those people wouldn’t go and see Zhao Hai face to face . Instead, they made backhanded remarks, saying malicious words towards Zhao Hai . Their purpose was to stop the people from listening to him .



However, they underestimated Zhao Hai’s control over the Space . Along with Cai’er, it was easy to investigate who these people were .



At first, the people of the Ark Continent didn’t understand why Zhao Hai was arresting these people . Zhao Hai didn’t do the job this time, he hired Dark Mages from the Space to kill these people and turn them into advanced undead before asking them what they were doing . Before long, the people understood who those arrested people were .



And from the mouths of those people, it seems like the Demons and the Divine Race were already aware of the migration . However, this didn’t affect Zhao Hai . In any case, the relocation has been completed . The next step to consider was how to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race .



Laura smiled and said, “Alright, the Demons and the Divine Race should be anxious right about now . But Brother Hai, how are you planning to deal with them? Will it be just like before?”



Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Why not . You should know that we are only facing against the Taurus Divines, the other nine continents are yet to appear . And now that the Ark Continent has been destroyed by us, how about we go and explore the Divine Realm . And if an opportunity comes, we can also go to the Demon Realm . Let’s see if they have things that can upgrade the Space . ”



Laura nodded, “Right, if we can get more things that can upgrade the Space, then that would be great . The most important thing for us right now is to upgrade the Space . Then if we meet the Immortal Cultivator in the future, we would have more ways to defend ourselves . ”



Zhao Hai nodded before he sighed inwardly . To be honest, Zhao Hai was a bit depressed right now . It was because of the Space’s Ranch . When he played the game before, he can remember that the Ranch was able to summon divine beasts at a later time . For example, he can summon the Nine Dragons . The Space had a lot of those kinds of Divine Beasts, and their strengths were indeed very strong . What depressed Zhao Hai was the fact that these Divine Beasts should already be available once the Space reaches level 70 . However, they were yet to appear . Currently, the strongest creatures in the Space were those God-rank magic beasts . Zhao Hai didn’t understand why this was at first .



However, after the Space’s backgrounds were introduced, Zhao Hai was given a prompt . Since the Ark Continent was a magic plane, then the only beasts that can be brought to it were magic beasts and normal animals . On the other hand, Divine Beasts such as the nine dragons were part of the cultivator background . This explained why they were yet to be purchased in the Ranch .



In other words, if Zhao Hai wanted to raise these Divine Beasts, then he would need to be in the cultivator realms . At this time, the only thing he can raise were magic beasts .



This made Zhao Hai depressed . If he was able to get just a couple of these Divine Beasts, then there would be no problem in dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race .



Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “We can also use this period of time to slowly wean the people to treat Brother Hai as a God . But unfortunately, our understanding of faith power was just too limited . ”



Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Let’s not dwell on that matter for long . Let’s take care of the Demons and the Divine Race first . Lizzy, Megan, do you have any plans?”



Chapter 796 Zhao Hai s DepressionMegan felt that Zhao Hai s mood has become better, that is why she made this joke . Zhao Hai looked at Megan and couldn t help but laugh, Alright, I ll give you one just like that . My little Megan, come here Then he opened both of his arms towards Megan . Megan made an ugly face as she said, I won t hug you . Then she ran of while giggling like a little girl . Seeing Megan running off, Zhao Hai felt specially relaxed . The one feeling happy wasn t just him, Megan and the others felt it as well . When Zhao Hai thought about it, he finally understood what was going on . Laura and the others were native to the Ark Continent . Besides their family members, they also had friends and relatives who lived there . Although Zhao Hai had resisted the invasion made by the Demons and the Divine Race, the women still couldn t help but worry for the future . If Zhao Hai couldn t resist one day, then their families and friends wouldn t have good lives . Megan and the others had always been right beside Zhao Hai during the war . Because of this, they knew firsthand how powerful the Demons and the Divine Race were . Naturally, this fact made them even more worried . They were worried for their family and friends safety, so how could they be at ease . Since Zhao Hai was busy thinking about how to deal with the invaders, he had failed to notice their mood . But now that the people of the Ark Continent were in the Space, it wasn t only Zhao Hai who felt great relief . Megan and the others felt happy as well, their worries had vanished into thin air . After thinking about this, Zhao Hai s heart couldn t help but feel warm . Megan and the others had it hard, but they still didn t tell Zhao Hai to send their family and friends to the Space . It can be seen that they still held Zhao Hai first in their hearts, this touched Zhao Hai s heart . At the same time, Zhao Hai also felt guilty . He hadn t thought into how Laura and the others felt . If he wasn t firm in his resolve to transfer the Ark Continent s people to the Space, then he wouldn t have seen their happy expressions right now . Zhao Hai got up from his chair and hugged his wives as he whispered Sorry in a soft voice . Laura and the others were intelligent, so they immediately understood what Zhao hai meant . They couldn t blame Zhao Hai and just didn t say anything . Instead, they gently held Zhao Hai and hugged him tightly as well . After some time, Zhao Hai said, I just discussed with Berry, if an opportunity comes, we ll have her people move to the Space . Laura and the others nodded, Laura replied, Right, the Demon Realm s environment is just too terrible . The Space is much better in comparison . . On the other hand, Brother Hai, those commoners won t have food problems anymore . After a long time, those people might go lazy . Should we give them something to do Zhao Hai stared, then he said, Right, that wouldn t be great . Do you have any ideas Tell me Laura smiled and said, What are the reasons why we received the people of the Ark Continent into the Space One of them is to gather faith power while another is to increase our strength . The Space s environment is much better compared to outside . There are no natural disasters here and there was no need to worry about food . If this continued, then the people would get lazy, so we need to make them do something . The main things we need to take care of is faith and their strength . When Zhao Hai heard this, he replied, You mean, we ll have them worship me as a god while training them in magic and battle qi Laura nodded and said, At this time, we can t have them just worship you . That is just impossible, it might even cause dislike . Therefore, I have thought of a good way to do so . In the Ark Space, we need to have a projection in each city, showing the fight against the Demons and the Divine Race . What do you think Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, That wouldn t be hard . When fight comes, we can have projections in each city . But will this work Laura was full of confidence, It ll work, definitely . Brother Hai, every time you fight with your undead, people will surely cheer . Megan and the others smiled when they heard Laura . In fact, they had already discussed this matter before . Having the people of the Ark Continent worship Zhao Hai as a god wouldn t be an easy matter . After all, Zhao Hai was just like them, a person of the Ark Continent . Would you suddenly worship a friend at your side as a god That would be impossible . Because of this, Laura and the others decided that forcing Zhao Hai as a god would be impossible . Zhao Hai nodded and said, Alright, let s do it according to you plan . However, we need to wait for some time before we fight the Demons and the Divine Race . There are still good things left in the Ark Continent . I was thinking that as long as they don t attack us, then we wouldn t make the first move . In the meantime, we ll slowly take more good things into the Space . What do you think Laura smiled and said, Brother Hai is really mad with money . But if those things remain in the Ark Continent, then they might be used by the Demons and the Divine Race . in any case, the Ark Continent people needed to adapt for some time . Also, I m afraid that the Demons and the Divine Race would wait too long . Zhao Hai smiled and said, Don t worry, the Demons and the Divine Race should be aware of the change in the Ark Continent . After all, we caught a lot of spies last time . When Zhao Hai moved the people of the Ark Continent to the Space, the spies of the Demons and the Divine Race began to come out . Naturally, those people wouldn t go and see Zhao Hai face to face . Instead, they made backhanded remarks, saying malicious words towards Zhao Hai . Their purpose was to stop the people from listening to him . However, they underestimated Zhao Hai s control over the Space . Along with Cai er, it was easy to investigate who these people were . At first, the people of the Ark Continent didn t understand why Zhao Hai was arresting these people . Zhao Hai didn t do the job this time, he hired Dark Mages from the Space to kill these people and turn them into advanced undead before asking them what they were doing . Before long, the people understood who those arrested people were . And from the mouths of those people, it seems like the Demons and the Divine Race were already aware of the migration . However, this didn t affect Zhao Hai . In any case, the relocation has been completed . The next step to consider was how to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race . Laura smiled and said, Alright, the Demons and the Divine Race should be anxious right about now . But Brother Hai, how are you planning to deal with them Will it be just like before Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, Why not . You should know that we are only facing against the Taurus Divines, the other nine continents are yet to appear . And now that the Ark Continent has been destroyed by us, how about we go and explore the Divine Realm . And if an opportunity comes, we can also go to the Demon Realm . Let s see if they have things that can upgrade the Space . Laura nodded, Right, if we can get more things that can upgrade the Space, then that would be great . The most important thing for us right now is to upgrade the Space . Then if we meet the Immortal Cultivator in the future, we would have more ways to defend ourselves . Zhao Hai nodded before he sighed inwardly . To be honest, Zhao Hai was a bit depressed right now . It was because of the Space s Ranch . When he played the game before, he can remember that the Ranch was able to summon divine beasts at a later time . For example, he can summon the Nine Dragons . The Space had a lot of those kinds of Divine Beasts, and their strengths were indeed very strong . What depressed Zhao Hai was the fact that these Divine Beasts should already be available once the Space reaches level 70 . However, they were yet to appear . Currently, the strongest creatures in the Space were those God rank magic beasts . Zhao Hai didn t understand why this was at first . However, after the Space s backgrounds were introduced, Zhao Hai was given a prompt . Since the Ark Continent was a magic plane, then the only beasts that can be brought to it were magic beasts and normal animals . On the other hand, Divine Beasts such as the nine dragons were part of the cultivator background . This explained why they were yet to be purchased in the Ranch . In other words, if Zhao Hai wanted to raise these Divine Beasts, then he would need to be in the cultivator realms . At this time, the only thing he can raise were magic beasts . This made Zhao Hai depressed . If he was able to get just a couple of these Divine Beasts, then there would be no problem in dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, We can also use this period of time to slowly wean the people to treat Brother Hai as a God . But unfortunately, our understanding of faith power was just too limited . Zhao Hai sighed and said, Let s not dwell on that matter for long . Let s take care of the Demons and the Divine Race first . Lizzy, Megan, do you have any plans





* * *





Chapter 797 – Death Qi Army

Lizzy and Megan had great insight when it came to the battlefield that Zhao Hai didn’t have . Therefore, he hoped to ask Lizzy and Megan about this matter .

Lizzy knit her brows and said, “Big Brother Hai, I think we need to have different attitudes in dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . We need to fight one while we keep the other . ”

Zhao Hai frowned and said, “What do you mean?”

Lizzy replied, “The reason why the Demons and the Divine Race invaded the Ark Continent is different . The Divine Race wanted to enslave the people of the Continent . Brother Hai should already know that the Divine Race wanted more faith power for that immortal cultivator . And from what it seems, their hatred for the Ark Continent is deep . I’m afraid they won’t let the Ark Continent’s people go easily . On the other hand, the Demons only wanted the Ark Continent’s land . They wanted a better place, so they needed to deal with the Ark Continent’s resident . However, if we provide them with a better place, then wouldn’t they stop their invasion?”

When he heard Lizzy, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . What Lizzy meant was the Demons migrating to the Space . Was this possible?

Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy’s face and said, “How do we go about it?”

Lizzy smiled and said, “We need to look for an opportunity . Winning the Demons immediately is not good . I think we must wait for some time and then hit the Demons with a painful attack before winning them over . As for the Divine Race, they are already devout followers of the immortal cultivator . It would be impossible to shift them to our side . ”





Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “It doesn’t matter if we can or cannot win them over . The ghosts of the Ocean Waves Dynasty’s people wouldn’t allow it . In any case, we are need to go and prepare for a fight . There is still the Underworld . The circumstances related to that place is vastly different compared to the Demons and the Divine Race . What do we do about them?”

Lizzy smiled and said, “We deal with them as well . Big Brother Hai, have you forgotten? When it comes to manpower, the Underworld’s creatures are our number one source . Later on, we can get reinforcements from them . ”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh as he replied, “Alright, we’ll take care of that . Later on, the Underworld would supply us with a lot of troops . ”

Ever since he received the Ark Continent’s people to the Space, Zhao Hai can be said to be extremely confident . Without anything holding his ankles down, he can now do whatever he wanted .

‘Dragon returning to the sea, tiger returning to the mountain’, this was Zhao Hai’s mood right now . He wasn’t afraid that he couldn’t deal with the Demons and the Divine Race . If that happens, then he could just hide inside the Space and slowly develop his strength . That way, even if he couldn’t beat them, he could still cause them massive headaches . This was where Zhao Hai was good at .

While Zhao Hai was being relaxed, the Demons and the Divine Race were actually anxious . This was because their reinforcements were coming .

Needless to say, the Demon reinforcements were personally led by the Great Demon King; an army of 50 million with 1 million God ranks . Although this might look inferior compared to the Divine Race, their actual fighting strength couldn’t be underestimated .

The Divine Race’s reinforcements were also quite special since it came from three parties . There were the elites coming from both the Barbarians as well as the Winged Pegasus Race, and lastly, the reinforcements coming from the Taurus Divines themselves . Altogether, their number reached an astonishing 40 million troops .

Naturally, these people were yet to arrive at the Continent . However, news of their approach came, three days later, they would arrive .





Naturally, these people were yet to arrive at the Continent . However, news of their approach came, three days later, they would arrive .

Zhao Hai didn’t know about these, but he didn’t need to . At this point, he was scraping the Ark Continent’s landscape . Everything useful have been collected to the Space . He sent undead to dig wherever possible, every mineral was sent over to the Space .

In addition to the mainland, the endless sea was also providing materials for the Space . For Zhao Hai, these were indispensable, they cannot be left to waste .

This wasn’t to say that Zhao Hai was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to beat the Demons and the Divine Race . On the contrary, Zhao Hai believed that he would drive them out in the future . He just knew that it would take a long time . And when the time comes, he needed to make sure that the Demons and the Divine Race were the weakest they could be . The Demons and the Divine Race weren’t stupid, once they occupy the continent, they would surely scour the place for resources, just like what Zhao Hai was doing .

At that time, the Ark Continent would surely be devastated . Therefore, Zhao Hai might as well do it himself .

Zhao Hai didn’t know that time what was waiting for him, but that is irrelevant . At this point, he had already taken all the cavalry units out of the Buddha empire . The only ones left in the continent were the busily mining undead .

The Demons and the Divine Race also noted the lack of movements from the Buddha Empire . Before long, they discovered that both Rising Sun City and Upper Bank city’s garrison troops had vanished . However, they still didn’t dare to walk towards the Buddha Empire . Their previous blunder was still clear in their minds .

Three days went by in a blink of an eye . Zhao Hai sat inside the Space as usual, looking at the monitor . Naturally, he was looking at the state of the Demons and the Divine Race . Although Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of the reinforcements, the conversations from both camps predicated the arrival . Because of this, Zhao Hai was closely paying attention to the two camps .

While Zhao Hai was looking at the two camps, he was also looking at the Goblins that were working the fields . It can be seen that the strength of these Goblins were great . Compared to the Humans, they might be as strong as an average woman . But even then, they still kept doing their job without resting .





While Zhao Hai was looking at the two camps, he was also looking at the Goblins that were working the fields . It can be seen that the strength of these Goblins were great . Compared to the Humans, they might be as strong as an average woman . But even then, they still kept doing their job without resting .

Zhao Hai knew that this wasn’t because the Goblins didn’t want to stop, they just couldn’t dare to . Before his own eyes, Zhao Hai saw Goblins being killed just because they attempted to rest .

Upon seeing this scene, Zhao Hai held a new understanding about the cruelty of the Divine Race . For a race who worshipped a deity, they were more disgusting to look at compared to the Demons .

Zhao Hai pitied these Goblins . He knew that if these Goblins were allowed to develop, then they would’ve developed a Magic and Mechanical Civilization . It was just a pity that the Divine Race snuffed that potential out .

While Zhao Hai was sighing in regret, Cai’er suddenly said, “Young Master, there is a commotion at the Demon camp . Their reinforcements have arrived . ”

Zhao Hai gawked before he changed the monitor’s display to the Demon camp . On their spatial rift were large quantities of Demons . Moreover, their numbers were increasingly piling up .

When he saw the Demon Army, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown . He discovered some differences between this army and those who came before them . Although the Demons in the past weren’t weak, and their training was very good, they were lacking something when compared to these reinforcements, Death Qi!

Death Qi, not killing aura . As long as you have killed people, then your body will exude a killing aura . If you kill an ordinary person then you will get a killing aura, killing a large amount of magic beasts would gain you a killing aura as well . However, this Death Qi was an evolved version of killing aura . If one hadn’t killed at least a thousand people, then it would be impossible for someone to gain Death Qi .

This Death Qi was actually a state of disregarding the difference between life and death . People with Death Qi fight as though they were undead . They weren’t in a brainwashed state or in a mind-controlled condition . These people just killed too many people that they disregarded life altogether . They stopped caring about how many they killed and even stopped caring about their own life .

What made Zhao Hai frown was each person in this army had Death Qi . In other words, this army had walked through mountains of corpses and seas of blood . Even if faces with people higher rank than them, there was a high probability of these Demons being able to win .



This Death Qi was actually a state of disregarding the difference between life and death . People with Death Qi fight as though they were undead . They weren’t in a brainwashed state or in a mind-controlled condition . These people just killed too many people that they disregarded life altogether . They stopped caring about how many they killed and even stopped caring about their own life .

What made Zhao Hai frown was each person in this army had Death Qi . In other words, this army had walked through mountains of corpses and seas of blood . Even if faces with people higher rank than them, there was a high probability of these Demons being able to win .

This army had pitch black full body armor . Their weapons were pitch black spears . They looked like any ordinary army, but Zhao Hai reckoned that if these people face the Divine Race, then the Divine Race would have no choice but to retreat .

Zhao Hai carefully observed the reinforcing army . Batch upon batch continuously appeared out of the Spatial Rift . Millions upon millions of Death Qi army appeared, it was a terrifying sight .

Although Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about the Ark Continent anymore, he still couldn’t help but wipe a bead of cold sweat . He couldn’t imagine how they would defend if the Ark Continent didn’t migrate to the Space .

Not to say the continent’s army, even Zhao Hai’s undead would find it hard to face this kind of enemies .

Zhao Hai also found out that after this army arrived, those Demons doing construction were looking at them with admiring eyes . Although the Death Qi army were standing there like statues, the other Demons couldn’t help but look at them with eyes of worship .

Zhao Hai believed that this army was certainly an extraordinary unit in the Demon Realm .

At this time, a huge magic beast suddenly appeared from the spatial right . This enormous magic beast looked like an elephant . It had large fan-like ears and two long ivory tusks, however, what made this beast different was the horn on top of its head . Moreover, its skin looked just like metal armor . From its appearance alone, one could see how hard its skin was . The elephant’s four long legs were like four sturdy pillars . Its tail was very long and at its tip was a sharp arrow shape, just like a devil’s tail . The arrow was moving as though it had a life of its own .

 Chapter 797 Death Qi Army Lizzy and Megan had great insight when it came to the battlefield that Zhao Hai didn t have . Therefore, he hoped to ask Lizzy and Megan about this matter . Lizzy knit her brows and said, Big Brother Hai, I think we need to have different attitudes in dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race . We need to fight one while we keep the other . Zhao Hai frowned and said, What do you mean Lizzy replied, The reason why the Demons and the Divine Race invaded the Ark Continent is different . The Divine Race wanted to enslave the people of the Continent . Brother Hai should already know that the Divine Race wanted more faith power for that immortal cultivator . And from what it seems, their hatred for the Ark Continent is deep . I m afraid they won t let the Ark Continent s people go easily . On the other hand, the Demons only wanted the Ark Continent s land . They wanted a better place, so they needed to deal with the Ark Continent s resident . However, if we provide them with a better place, then wouldn t they stop their invasion When he heard Lizzy, Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare . What Lizzy meant was the Demons migrating to the Space . Was this possible Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy s face and said, How do we go about it Lizzy smiled and said, We need to look for an opportunity . Winning the Demons immediately is not good . I think we must wait for some time and then hit the Demons with a painful attack before winning them over . As for the Divine Race, they are already devout followers of the immortal cultivator . It would be impossible to shift them to our side . Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, It doesn t matter if we can or cannot win them over . The ghosts of the Ocean Waves Dynasty s people wouldn t allow it . In any case, we are need to go and prepare for a fight . There is still the Underworld . The circumstances related to that place is vastly different compared to the Demons and the Divine Race . What do we do about them Lizzy smiled and said, We deal with them as well . Big Brother Hai, have you forgotten When it comes to manpower, the Underworld s creatures are our number one source . Later on, we can get reinforcements from them . Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh as he replied, Alright, we ll take care of that . Later on, the Underworld would supply us with a lot of troops . Ever since he received the Ark Continent s people to the Space, Zhao Hai can be said to be extremely confident . Without anything holding his ankles down, he can now do whatever he wanted . Dragon returning to the sea, tiger returning to the mountain , this was Zhao Hai s mood right now . He wasn t afraid that he couldn t deal with the Demons and the Divine Race . If that happens, then he could just hide inside the Space and slowly develop his strength . That way, even if he couldn t beat them, he could still cause them massive headaches . This was where Zhao Hai was good at . While Zhao Hai was being relaxed, the Demons and the Divine Race were actually anxious . This was because their reinforcements were coming . Needless to say, the Demon reinforcements were personally led by the Great Demon King an army of 50 million with 1 million God ranks . Although this might look inferior compared to the Divine Race, their actual fighting strength couldn t be underestimated . The Divine Race s reinforcements were also quite special since it came from three parties . There were the elites coming from both the Barbarians as well as the Winged Pegasus Race, and lastly, the reinforcements coming from the Taurus Divines themselves . Altogether, their number reached an astonishing 40 million troops . Naturally, these people were yet to arrive at the Continent . However, news of their approach came, three days later, they would arrive . Zhao Hai didn t know about these, but he didn t need to . At this point, he was scraping the Ark Continent s landscape . Everything useful have been collected to the Space . He sent undead to dig wherever possible, every mineral was sent over to the Space . In addition to the mainland, the endless sea was also providing materials for the Space . For Zhao Hai, these were indispensable, they cannot be left to waste . This wasn t to say that Zhao Hai was afraid that he wouldn t be able to beat the Demons and the Divine Race . On the contrary, Zhao Hai believed that he would drive them out in the future . He just knew that it would take a long time . And when the time comes, he needed to make sure that the Demons and the Divine Race were the weakest they could be . The Demons and the Divine Race weren t stupid, once they occupy the continent, they would surely scour the place for resources, just like what Zhao Hai was doing . At that time, the Ark Continent would surely be devastated . Therefore, Zhao Hai might as well do it himself . Zhao Hai didn t know that time what was waiting for him, but that is irrelevant . At this point, he had already taken all the cavalry units out of the Buddha empire . The only ones left in the continent were the busily mining undead . The Demons and the Divine Race also noted the lack of movements from the Buddha Empire . Before long, they discovered that both Rising Sun City and Upper Bank city s garrison troops had vanished . However, they still didn t dare to walk towards the Buddha Empire . Their previous blunder was still clear in their minds . Three days went by in a blink of an eye . Zhao Hai sat inside the Space as usual, looking at the monitor . Naturally, he was looking at the state of the Demons and the Divine Race . Although Zhao Hai wasn t aware of the reinforcements, the conversations from both camps predicated the arrival . Because of this, Zhao Hai was closely paying attention to the two camps . While Zhao Hai was looking at the two camps, he was also looking at the Goblins that were working the fields . It can be seen that the strength of these Goblins were great . Compared to the Humans, they might be as strong as an average woman . But even then, they still kept doing their job without resting . Zhao Hai knew that this wasn t because the Goblins didn t want to stop, they just couldn t dare to . Before his own eyes, Zhao Hai saw Goblins being killed just because they attempted to rest . Upon seeing this scene, Zhao Hai held a new understanding about the cruelty of the Divine Race . For a race who worshipped a deity, they were more disgusting to look at compared to the Demons . Zhao Hai pitied these Goblins . He knew that if these Goblins were allowed to develop, then they would ve developed a Magic and Mechanical Civilization . It was just a pity that the Divine Race snuffed that potential out . While Zhao Hai was sighing in regret, Cai er suddenly said, Young Master, there is a commotion at the Demon camp . Their reinforcements have arrived . Zhao Hai gawked before he changed the monitor s display to the Demon camp . On their spatial rift were large quantities of Demons . Moreover, their numbers were increasingly piling up . When he saw the Demon Army, Zhao Hai couldn t help but frown . He discovered some differences between this army and those who came before them . Although the Demons in the past weren t weak, and their training was very good, they were lacking something when compared to these reinforcements, Death Qi Death Qi, not killing aura . As long as you have killed people, then your body will exude a killing aura . If you kill an ordinary person then you will get a killing aura, killing a large amount of magic beasts would gain you a killing aura as well . However, this Death Qi was an evolved version of killing aura . If one hadn t killed at least a thousand people, then it would be impossible for someone to gain Death Qi . This Death Qi was actually a state of disregarding the difference between life and death . People with Death Qi fight as though they were undead . They weren t in a brainwashed state or in a mind controlled condition . These people just killed too many people that they disregarded life altogether . They stopped caring about how many they killed and even stopped caring about their own life . What made Zhao Hai frown was each person in this army had Death Qi . In other words, this army had walked through mountains of corpses and seas of blood . Even if faces with people higher rank than them, there was a high probability of these Demons being able to win . This army had pitch black full body armor . Their weapons were pitch black spears . They looked like any ordinary army, but Zhao Hai reckoned that if these people face the Divine Race, then the Divine Race would have no choice but to retreat . Zhao Hai carefully observed the reinforcing army . Batch upon batch continuously appeared out of the Spatial Rift . Millions upon millions of Death Qi army appeared, it was a terrifying sight . Although Zhao Hai wasn t worried about the Ark Continent anymore, he still couldn t help but wipe a bead of cold sweat . He couldn t imagine how they would defend if the Ark Continent didn t migrate to the Space . Not to say the continent s army, even Zhao Hai s undead would find it hard to face this kind of enemies . Zhao Hai also found out that after this army arrived, those Demons doing construction were looking at them with admiring eyes . Although the Death Qi army were standing there like statues, the other Demons couldn t help but look at them with eyes of worship . Zhao Hai believed that this army was certainly an extraordinary unit in the Demon Realm . At this time, a huge magic beast suddenly appeared from the spatial right . This enormous magic beast looked like an elephant . It had large fan like ears and two long ivory tusks, however, what made this beast different was the horn on top of its head . Moreover, its skin looked just like metal armor . From its appearance alone, one could see how hard its skin was . The elephant s four long legs were like four sturdy pillars . Its tail was very long and at its tip was a sharp arrow shape, just like a devil s tail . The arrow was moving as though it had a life of its own .





* * *


 798: 798

Chapter 798 – Domain Weapon



As this magic beast went out of the spatial rift, it suddenly made a world-shaking roar . Its imposing aura can only be described as terrifying .



At this time, a jet black whip had flung out of the spatial rift . Whap! It hit the back of the magic beast . The once imposing magic beast immediately calmed down after being struck by the whip . It seems like it became a bullied puppy as it flapped its ears and behaved .



Although this magic beast was enormous, it was actually flying in the sky . And from how it looked, it wasn’t a 9th rank beast, but instead it was clearly God-rank .



Along with the magic beast were several of its kind . Strapped on their bodies were iron chains, seemingly dragging something .



These magic beasts weren’t fast, but they eventually made it out of the spatial rift . After the thing they were dragging was seen, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare . It looked like a carriage in a shape of a huge demon’s head .



The head shaped carriage looked exactly like a devil’s head . Two curved horns, two blood-red eyes, and long fangs that jutted out of its mouth .



Although it was a carriage, there were no wheels attached to it . It was a head flying in the sky, there was no need for wheels . To be honest, it looked more like a flying house than a carriage .



This floating house was more than ten meters high and looked very spacious . When Zhao Hai looked into the carriage, the devil’s eyes were actually inlaid with two pieces of red gems .



On the mouth of the devil’s head sat a tall man . He wore black armor that blocked his face . He sat there as if he were an iron statue . In his hand was a jet black whip, the same whip used to silence the large magic beast .



The large carriage pulled by five elephant shaped magic beasts slowly went out of the spatial rift as it stopped right in front of the Demonic Abyss .



Strangely, even if the magic beasts have stopped, the carriage still stayed floating there .



At this time, the black dragon carriage stopped by the flying carriage . Next to the black dragon carriage were a large group of God-rank experts .



When the black dragon carriage stopped, the Demon Dragon King stood up from his seat before he gave a loud greeting, “Welcome, my King!” And just as his voice fell, the God-ranks following him gave their greeting as well, “Welcome, my King!”



After that, all the Demons in the Demonic Abyss knelt simultaneously and said, “Welcome, my King!”



After the greetings faded into the air, the devil carriage’s mouth started to open up . Then a Vile Demon walked out of the mouth .



The Demon was not very tall and looked just like any other Demon . He wore a black robe and had some wrinkles on his face, just like an old Vile Demon .



However, the imposing aura that emanated from this person was very astonishing . He just stood there but one could feel as though they were seeing a mountain, something that could stand forever, never to be toppled down .



The presence of the Great Demon King was roaring . When Zhao Hai saw this, he couldn’t help but smile faintly before saying, “He looks very strong . It seems I’ll get to meet him soon . ”



Cai’er’s voice came, “Young Master, that is the Demon Realm’s Great Demon King . In his over a thousand years of life, his prestige in the Demon Realm is incomparable to anyone else . Nobody really knows how strong he really is since he hadn’t made a move for several hundred years . The carriage that he rode in is called the Devil’s War Chariot . It’s a floating carriage made entirely out of a special kind of iron . Moreover, several magic formations are installed in the carriage as it was built . Not only could these formations make the passenger feel comfortable, it also allowed the carriage to be used in a fight . This carriage can unify with the Great Demon King’s Domain, becoming a Domain Weapon . It’s power is very overbearing . ”



Zhao Hai asked, “Domain Weapon? What’s that?”



Cai’er answered, “From what I’ve heard, Domain Weapons are weapons that a God-rank’s Domain could use . Just like the Young Master, your Domain can transform into whatever you want . And after your Domain can transform into human-shape, it can use a weapon for itself . When other God-ranks become strong, their Domains would embody large versions of themselves . In this case, it would be impossible for these Domains to use conventional weapons . Therefore, these people would make weapons that would specifically be used alongside one’s Domain . And there are materials in the universe that allow such weapons to be made, and these weapons would be called Domain Weapons . These weapons are more formidable compared to ordinary weapons . Moreover, they allow a person’s Domain to exhibit more than their usual power . These weapons are incredibly valuable treasures . ”



Zhao Hai nodded, this was the first time that he heard about these Domain Weapons . To be honest, he hadn’t thought about Domains having weapons before .



At this time, the Great Demon King spoke, he looked at the Demon Dragon King and the others before nodding, “Very good, you’ve done a great job . Demon Dragon, come with me . As for the others, go back to what you were doing . ” Then he turned around and went back into his Devil’s War Chariot .



The action of this old Demon can only be described as serene, but to all Demons this was how it should be . Especially those who followed the Demon Dragon King, all of them were smiling . Even if the Great Demon King spoke words to them in passing, saying they did a good job, they still couldn’t help but feel their bones become lighter .



These Demons knew that the Great Demon King wouldn’t crack a joke, and will not say any sarcasm . If he said they did well, then the Great Demon King did praise their job, no hidden meanings . Being able to obtain a commendation from the Great Demon King was an enormous morale boost for these Demons .



The Demon Dragon King nodded before he jumped out of his black dragon carriage and into the Great Demon King’s chariot . While he did so, he was met with envious looks from the other Demons . Those who can enter the Great Demon King’s chariot can only be counted on one’s fingers, and the Demon Dragon King was one of those people .



This wasn’t the first time that the Demon Dragon King entered the chariot, but when he did the first time, he couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise .



One would be met with a hundred square meter lobby upon entering . Spread across the lobby was a thick carpet, in the middle of it was a table and a smaller table to hold pots and cups . On the table were small plates with normal plates as well .



The Great Demon King sat on the other side of the table, pouring liquor on the cups . The Demon Dragon King slowly sat on the opposite side before be bowed to the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, I have disappointed you . ”



The Great Demon King placed his liquor pot down, he waved his hand and said, “You haven’t disappointed me at all . Tell me how the fights went . You only failed because your enemy is too strong . I couldn’t blame you for that . Here, join me for a cup . ”



The Demon Dragon King took the cup respectfully as he matched the Great Demon King in drinking the liquor . After placing their cups down, he took the liquor pot and poured the Great Demon King a cup .



The Great Demon King didn’t take the cup as he looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “So what’s the problem with Zhao Hai? Is he really that strong?”



The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Strong, very strong . Aside from you, Your Majesty, I haven’t seen someone as strong as he is . I am not his match . ”



The Great Demon King nodded and said, “It seems like this person is too problematic . Right, what’s the deal with his undead army? Tell me . ”



The Demon Dragon King nodded, “I don’t know why, but Zhao Hai had a lot of strong undead . His ordinary undead had 9th rank strength . And if a God-rank expert dies and was turned into undead, they would retain their God-rank strength . Moreover, Zhao Hai had several tens of millions of strong undead . ”



The Great Demon King knit his brows and said, “This Zhao Hai is formidable, and you said that he defeated the Divine Race?”



The Demon Dragon King nodded, “Ever since the Divine Race has descended, we have sent for people to monitor their advance . Once they set out, we would dispatch our troops . In the past, when we heard that the Divine Race had set out, we sent our troops onward as well . But I didn’t expect that the Ark Continent would be this formidable in harassment methods . Their mounts were very fast, not even God-ranks can overtake them . Because of this, our every step was made with excruciating pace . ” After speaking here, the Demon Dragon King stopped and looked at the Great Demon King .



The Great Demon King waved his hand as he took up his cup and drank . Then the Demon Dragon King continued, “Although we were dragged behind, I thought that it would be difficult for ZHao Hai to defeat the Divine Race . So I thought that if we retreat this time under their constant attacks, then we would give the bulk of the benefits to the Divine Race . Because of this, I decided to move forward while capturing cities along the way . However, I didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would actually repel the Divine Race’s advance . After that, he led his undead army to make a hard assault on our numbers . This caused us to lose a lot of men . Along with his undead, Zhao Hai also had devil mosquitoes to harass us . The mosquitoes are strong, and their numbers are enormous as well . They’re very difficult to deal with . ”



The Great Demon King nodded and said, “This Zhao Hai is the Ark Continent’s most formidable person since its existence . For him to have the strength to block both the Demons and the Divine Race . Good, good, this person is already a hero!”



The Demon Dragon King looked at the Great Demon King before he said, “Your Majesty, I have received additional information in the past few days . Please take a look . ” Then he took out a beast skin scroll and placed it on the table .



Chapter 798 Domain WeaponAs this magic beast went out of the spatial rift, it suddenly made a world shaking roar . Its imposing aura can only be described as terrifying . At this time, a jet black whip had flung out of the spatial rift . Whap It hit the back of the magic beast . The once imposing magic beast immediately calmed down after being struck by the whip . It seems like it became a bullied puppy as it flapped its ears and behaved . Although this magic beast was enormous, it was actually flying in the sky . And from how it looked, it wasn t a 9th rank beast, but instead it was clearly God rank . Along with the magic beast were several of its kind . Strapped on their bodies were iron chains, seemingly dragging something . These magic beasts weren t fast, but they eventually made it out of the spatial rift . After the thing they were dragging was seen, Zhao Hai couldn t help but stare . It looked like a carriage in a shape of a huge demon s head . The head shaped carriage looked exactly like a devil s head . Two curved horns, two blood red eyes, and long fangs that jutted out of its mouth . Although it was a carriage, there were no wheels attached to it . It was a head flying in the sky, there was no need for wheels . To be honest, it looked more like a flying house than a carriage . This floating house was more than ten meters high and looked very spacious . When Zhao Hai looked into the carriage, the devil s eyes were actually inlaid with two pieces of red gems . On the mouth of the devil s head sat a tall man . He wore black armor that blocked his face . He sat there as if he were an iron statue . In his hand was a jet black whip, the same whip used to silence the large magic beast . The large carriage pulled by five elephant shaped magic beasts slowly went out of the spatial rift as it stopped right in front of the Demonic Abyss . Strangely, even if the magic beasts have stopped, the carriage still stayed floating there . At this time, the black dragon carriage stopped by the flying carriage . Next to the black dragon carriage were a large group of God rank experts . When the black dragon carriage stopped, the Demon Dragon King stood up from his seat before he gave a loud greeting, Welcome, my King And just as his voice fell, the God ranks following him gave their greeting as well, Welcome, my King After that, all the Demons in the Demonic Abyss knelt simultaneously and said, Welcome, my King After the greetings faded into the air, the devil carriage s mouth started to open up . Then a Vile Demon walked out of the mouth . The Demon was not very tall and looked just like any other Demon . He wore a black robe and had some wrinkles on his face, just like an old Vile Demon . However, the imposing aura that emanated from this person was very astonishing . He just stood there but one could feel as though they were seeing a mountain, something that could stand forever, never to be toppled down . The presence of the Great Demon King was roaring . When Zhao Hai saw this, he couldn t help but smile faintly before saying, He looks very strong . It seems I ll get to meet him soon . Cai er s voice came, Young Master, that is the Demon Realm s Great Demon King . In his over a thousand years of life, his prestige in the Demon Realm is incomparable to anyone else . Nobody really knows how strong he really is since he hadn t made a move for several hundred years . The carriage that he rode in is called the Devil s War Chariot . It s a floating carriage made entirely out of a special kind of iron . Moreover, several magic formations are installed in the carriage as it was built . Not only could these formations make the passenger feel comfortable, it also allowed the carriage to be used in a fight . This carriage can unify with the Great Demon King s Domain, becoming a Domain Weapon . It s power is very overbearing . Zhao Hai asked, Domain Weapon What s that Cai er answered, From what I ve heard, Domain Weapons are weapons that a God rank s Domain could use . Just like the Young Master, your Domain can transform into whatever you want . And after your Domain can transform into human shape, it can use a weapon for itself . When other God ranks become strong, their Domains would embody large versions of themselves . In this case, it would be impossible for these Domains to use conventional weapons . Therefore, these people would make weapons that would specifically be used alongside one s Domain . And there are materials in the universe that allow such weapons to be made, and these weapons would be called Domain Weapons . These weapons are more formidable compared to ordinary weapons . Moreover, they allow a person s Domain to exhibit more than their usual power . These weapons are incredibly valuable treasures . Zhao Hai nodded, this was the first time that he heard about these Domain Weapons . To be honest, he hadn t thought about Domains having weapons before . At this time, the Great Demon King spoke, he looked at the Demon Dragon King and the others before nodding, Very good, you ve done a great job . Demon Dragon, come with me . As for the others, go back to what you were doing . Then he turned around and went back into his Devil s War Chariot . The action of this old Demon can only be described as serene, but to all Demons this was how it should be . Especially those who followed the Demon Dragon King, all of them were smiling . Even if the Great Demon King spoke words to them in passing, saying they did a good job, they still couldn t help but feel their bones become lighter . These Demons knew that the Great Demon King wouldn t crack a joke, and will not say any sarcasm . If he said they did well, then the Great Demon King did praise their job, no hidden meanings . Being able to obtain a commendation from the Great Demon King was an enormous morale boost for these Demons . The Demon Dragon King nodded before he jumped out of his black dragon carriage and into the Great Demon King s chariot . While he did so, he was met with envious looks from the other Demons . Those who can enter the Great Demon King s chariot can only be counted on one s fingers, and the Demon Dragon King was one of those people . This wasn t the first time that the Demon Dragon King entered the chariot, but when he did the first time, he couldn t help but exclaim in surprise . One would be met with a hundred square meter lobby upon entering . Spread across the lobby was a thick carpet, in the middle of it was a table and a smaller table to hold pots and cups . On the table were small plates with normal plates as well . The Great Demon King sat on the other side of the table, pouring liquor on the cups . The Demon Dragon King slowly sat on the opposite side before be bowed to the Great Demon King and said, Your Majesty, I have disappointed you . The Great Demon King placed his liquor pot down, he waved his hand and said, You haven t disappointed me at all . Tell me how the fights went . You only failed because your enemy is too strong . I couldn t blame you for that . Here, join me for a cup . The Demon Dragon King took the cup respectfully as he matched the Great Demon King in drinking the liquor . After placing their cups down, he took the liquor pot and poured the Great Demon King a cup . The Great Demon King didn t take the cup as he looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, So what s the problem with Zhao Hai Is he really that strong The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, Strong, very strong . Aside from you, Your Majesty, I haven t seen someone as strong as he is . I am not his match . The Great Demon King nodded and said, It seems like this person is too problematic . Right, what s the deal with his undead army Tell me . The Demon Dragon King nodded, I don t know why, but Zhao Hai had a lot of strong undead . His ordinary undead had 9th rank strength . And if a God rank expert dies and was turned into undead, they would retain their God rank strength . Moreover, Zhao Hai had several tens of millions of strong undead . The Great Demon King knit his brows and said, This Zhao Hai is formidable, and you said that he defeated the Divine Race The Demon Dragon King nodded, Ever since the Divine Race has descended, we have sent for people to monitor their advance . Once they set out, we would dispatch our troops . In the past, when we heard that the Divine Race had set out, we sent our troops onward as well . But I didn t expect that the Ark Continent would be this formidable in harassment methods . Their mounts were very fast, not even God ranks can overtake them . Because of this, our every step was made with excruciating pace . After speaking here, the Demon Dragon King stopped and looked at the Great Demon King . The Great Demon King waved his hand as he took up his cup and drank . Then the Demon Dragon King continued, Although we were dragged behind, I thought that it would be difficult for ZHao Hai to defeat the Divine Race . So I thought that if we retreat this time under their constant attacks, then we would give the bulk of the benefits to the Divine Race . Because of this, I decided to move forward while capturing cities along the way . However, I didn t expect that Zhao Hai would actually repel the Divine Race s advance . After that, he led his undead army to make a hard assault on our numbers . This caused us to lose a lot of men . Along with his undead, Zhao Hai also had devil mosquitoes to harass us . The mosquitoes are strong, and their numbers are enormous as well . They re very difficult to deal with . The Great Demon King nodded and said, This Zhao Hai is the Ark Continent s most formidable person since its existence . For him to have the strength to block both the Demons and the Divine Race . Good, good, this person is already a hero The Demon Dragon King looked at the Great Demon King before he said, Your Majesty, I have received additional information in the past few days . Please take a look . Then he took out a beast skin scroll and placed it on the table .





* * *





Chapter 799 – Cai’er Is Jealous?

The Great Demon King took the scroll on the table and carefully read it . By the time he placed the scroll back on the table, he was already frowning, he looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “Has this been confirmed?”

The Demon Dragon King nodded, “It’s confirmed . When this information was sent, it was done in code . So even if it was intercepted, it would be impossible for outsiders to understand it . There’s no way for it to be tampered . ”

The Great Demon King knit his brows and said, “Do you have any other information?”

The Demon Dragon King shook his head and said, “After this one, no additional information was sent . I couldn’t make up my mind about this information . First, because it was too outrageous . Second, because it might be a misinformation sent by the enemy . They might already know the identity of our people, so they sent misleading information to be sent to us . And lastly, it might be true . It wouldn’t be good for us if this was true . And two days ago, I got information from our scouts that the garrison troops of the Ark Continent have all vanished . I’m still confused about what is happening . ”

The Great Demon King knit his brows, then he nodded and said, “Right, we shouldn’t advance recklessly . It’s possible that its another trap . The enemy is very sly, we need to be careful . ”

The Demon Dragon King replied, “I think the Divine Race wouldn’t just step back with their previous failure . They will certainly make a stronger attack . At the same time, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to let the Divine Race off . When the Divine Race descended they used an entire Empire’s worth of people to do their blood sacrifice . I heard that when Zhao Hai knew about this, he coughed up some blood while swearing to kill all invading Divines . His hatred for the Divine Race should be greater compared to us . ”

The Great Demon King frowned and said, “Is that the case? The people don’t treat the Demons as the evil ones? They think that the Divine Race are more vile?”





The Demon Dragon King smiled bitterly and said, “Others might not know this, but Zhao Hai doesn’t think like ordinary people . It’s possible that he didn’t have any hatred for the Demons . On the other hand, his hatred for the Divine Race is true . I can see Divine Race soldiers among Zhao Hai’s undead . It’s clear that he turned them into undead immediately after killing them . ”

The Great Demon King smiled and said, “I believe Zhao Hai’s hatred for us wouldn’t be less . After all, we are invading the Ark Continent . Anyone who invades the continent should be enemies to Zhao Hai . Going back to the information you’ve received, I think there are some inaccuracies about it . Ever since the Demons and Divine Race had arrived in the continent, it can be said that Zhao Hai always had the upper hand . In this case, there is no reason for him to suddenly move the people of the Ark Continent . From what I think, there should be another situation happening in the continent, something we have yet to know . Did you send people to check it?”

The Demon Dragon King’s expression turned ugly before he gave a nod, “I did, but after sending all of them, nobody came back . I reckon they have been killed of by Zhao Hai . This caused me to doubt making an attack while also being more and more suspicious about the authenticity of the report . I think it’s Zhao Hai’s trap . ”

The Great Demon King nodded, “Right, we don’t want to make a blunder against Zhao Hai . Good, you arrange for the reinforcing army to take a rest, let them be used to the Ark Continent’s environment . I think the Divine Race’s reinforcements wouldn’t take too long before they arrive . As soon as the Divine Race makes their move, we’ll dispatch our troops as well . I really want to meet this Zhao Hai . ”

The Demon Dragon King nodded before he bowed and asked to be excused . After seeing the Demon Dragon King walk out, the Great Demon King took his wine cup and drank some liquor . Then he muttered, “Just wait, sooner or later, the Demons will be out of your control . ” Then the Great Demon King turned his gaze towards the Demon God’s portrait . The Demon God had three heads, six arms, and an ugly facial expression . Besides weapons, the Demon God also held several heads in his hands . This caused the portrait to emanate a vile aura . If one were weak of mind, they might even see blood dripping from the picture . ”

Why would the Great Demon King say this to the portrait? What was wrong? Does he want to change their faith?

Naturally, ZhaoHai didn’t know these . The Devil’s War chariot was a Domain Weapon . It’s quite powerful that the Space’s monitor wasn’t able to see inside it .

However, Zhao Hai didn’t care about it, he only cared about looking at the reinforcing Demon Army . Besides the ten million or so Death Qi warriors, there were also ordinary Demon soldiers .

From Zhao Hai’s count, there were about 50 million people that came out of the spatial rift . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but mutter,”They actually went full force . I didn’t think they would send this much people . ”





From Zhao Hai’s count, there were about 50 million people that came out of the spatial rift . Zhao Hai couldn’t help but mutter,”They actually went full force . I didn’t think they would send this much people . ”

After the reinforcement army came, the Demonic Abyss up to Demon City had become huge military compound . On the other hand, the Great Demon King’s chariot stayed on the skies above the Demonic Abyss .

At this time, Laura and the others were merrily taking a walk . They didn’t have anything to do in these past few days, so they strolled around the Ark Space looking for something to do . Although everything in the Ark Space was the same as the Ark Continent, there were still things needed to be taken care of . Because of this, Zhao Hai sent them over to help .

Although the Buda Clan was also inside the Space, they were in a separate island a distance away from the Ark Continent . And even if it was quite close, one couldn’t easily reach the island . This was exactly what Zhao Hai wanted . In doing so, the Buda Clan wasn’t too far nor too close to the continent . This was to maintain a sense of mystery to the clan .

Naturally, Laura and the others wouldn’t have him help the people of the continent . That would be the job for the Buda Clan’s people . Because of this, Zhao Hai hadn’t appeared in the Ark Space since .

This was actually Laura’s idea . It wouldn’t be easy to deify Zhao Hai in the minds of the Ark Continent’s people . After all, nobody would see someone they can casually talk to as a god,

When Laura and the others walked into the living room and saw the Devil’s War Chariot on the monitor, they couldn’t help but gasp in surprise .

After seeing their reaction, Zhao Hai laughed before he enlarged the devil’s face . This frightened the women even more .

With Zhao Hai’s laughter, the women understood that Zhao Hai was intentionally scaring them . They immediately went to Zhao Hai and pinched his sides . Naturally, they knew that this wouldn’t do anything to Zhao Hai .





With Zhao Hai’s laughter, the women understood that Zhao Hai was intentionally scaring them . They immediately went to Zhao Hai and pinched his sides . Naturally, they knew that this wouldn’t do anything to Zhao Hai .

But Zhao Hai still yelled in pain . He didn’t brace himself, moreover, he can still feel pain .

After pinching Zhao Hai many more times, Laura and the other gave a snort before stopping and sitting with Zhao Hai . Laura even told Cai’er, “Cai’er, play that scene back!”

Upon hearing Laura, Zhao Hai almost spit out blood . He couldn’t handle the pressure in the room so he stood up and pulled Berry over while saying, “Berry, let’s go, join me for a bath . In any case, nothing great would happen in the Demon Army soon . ” Then he took Berry downstairs to the hot spring .

Berry’s face was red but she still continued to follow Zhao Hai . Megan turned to Berry and yelled, “Sister Berry, if you can’t take it anymore don’t hesitate to ask for help!”

After Megan said that, Laura and the others laughed . This made Berry’s face even redder . Berry’s joking skill was weak, so she couldn’t think of anything wise to retort . She just turned to Megan and said, “Hmph, I don’t need help . If you come, then I’ll turn you away!” This made the women laugh even more .

That night, Zhao Hai was very tired . The reason for this was because he was unable to stop the women from invading his room .

The next morning, while Zhao Hai was still asleep, Cai’er entered his room . Zhao Hai was lying naked in his bed, Laura and the others were also right by Zhao Hai’s side . All of them were sleeping quite smoothly .

When Cai’er saw this, her face couldn’t help but turn red . Then she snorted before making a water ball and splashing Zhao Hai’s face with it . Her control was very good, not a single drop of water splashed on the women’s bodies .

Zhao Hai immediately woke up, he sat up and looked at Cai’er, “Cai’er, what did you just do?”



When Cai’er saw this, her face couldn’t help but turn red . Then she snorted before making a water ball and splashing Zhao Hai’s face with it . Her control was very good, not a single drop of water splashed on the women’s bodies .

Zhao Hai immediately woke up, he sat up and looked at Cai’er, “Cai’er, what did you just do?”

Cai’er snorted and said, “Young Master, get up . The Divine Race’s reinforcements have arrived . ” When Zhao Hai heard Cai’er, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment before he carefully got up from his bed . He took extra care to not disturb the women .

Cai’er looked at Zhao Hai’s movements before he snorted and flashed out of the room . Zhao Hai turned to Cai’er’s direction before he muttered, “What happened to Cai’er? Strange . ”

However, he still went to the bathroom and cleaned himself up . Then he wore some clothes before proceeding towards the living room . After Zhao Hai left, Laura smiled along with the other women . Laura opened her eyes, looked at the others and said, “Brother Hai is really too daft when it came to reading sentiment . He couldn’t even recognize Cai’er’s jealous look . ”

Lizzy opened her eyes and replied, “Yeah, but Big Brother Hai is like that . He would never know about those things . I wonder what Brother Hai’s face would be once he discovers that Cai’er likes him . ”

After imagining Zhao Hai’s shocked expression, the women couldn’t help but look at each other . When they noticed that all of them were naked, their faces immediately turned red . Meanwhile, Megan hugged Lizzy from behind as she traced Lizzy’s chest and said, “Lizzy, these are really big . No wonder Brother Hai likes to touch them so much . ”

Lizzy had no intention of just receiving Megan’s attack, naturally she would counter attack . Before long, the women were noisily laughing inside the room .

 Chapter 799 Cai er Is Jealous The Great Demon King took the scroll on the table and carefully read it . By the time he placed the scroll back on the table, he was already frowning, he looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, Has this been confirmed The Demon Dragon King nodded, It s confirmed . When this information was sent, it was done in code . So even if it was intercepted, it would be impossible for outsiders to understand it . There s no way for it to be tampered . The Great Demon King knit his brows and said, Do you have any other information The Demon Dragon King shook his head and said, After this one, no additional information was sent . I couldn t make up my mind about this information . First, because it was too outrageous . Second, because it might be a misinformation sent by the enemy . They might already know the identity of our people, so they sent misleading information to be sent to us . And lastly, it might be true . It wouldn t be good for us if this was true . And two days ago, I got information from our scouts that the garrison troops of the Ark Continent have all vanished . I m still confused about what is happening . The Great Demon King knit his brows, then he nodded and said, Right, we shouldn t advance recklessly . It s possible that its another trap . The enemy is very sly, we need to be careful . The Demon Dragon King replied, I think the Divine Race wouldn t just step back with their previous failure . They will certainly make a stronger attack . At the same time, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to let the Divine Race off . When the Divine Race descended they used an entire Empire s worth of people to do their blood sacrifice . I heard that when Zhao Hai knew about this, he coughed up some blood while swearing to kill all invading Divines . His hatred for the Divine Race should be greater compared to us . The Great Demon King frowned and said, Is that the case The people don t treat the Demons as the evil ones They think that the Divine Race are more vile The Demon Dragon King smiled bitterly and said, Others might not know this, but Zhao Hai doesn t think like ordinary people . It s possible that he didn t have any hatred for the Demons . On the other hand, his hatred for the Divine Race is true . I can see Divine Race soldiers among Zhao Hai s undead . It s clear that he turned them into undead immediately after killing them . The Great Demon King smiled and said, I believe Zhao Hai s hatred for us wouldn t be less . After all, we are invading the Ark Continent . Anyone who invades the continent should be enemies to Zhao Hai . Going back to the information you ve received, I think there are some inaccuracies about it . Ever since the Demons and Divine Race had arrived in the continent, it can be said that Zhao Hai always had the upper hand . In this case, there is no reason for him to suddenly move the people of the Ark Continent . From what I think, there should be another situation happening in the continent, something we have yet to know . Did you send people to check it The Demon Dragon King s expression turned ugly before he gave a nod, I did, but after sending all of them, nobody came back . I reckon they have been killed of by Zhao Hai . This caused me to doubt making an attack while also being more and more suspicious about the authenticity of the report . I think it s Zhao Hai s trap . The Great Demon King nodded, Right, we don t want to make a blunder against Zhao Hai . Good, you arrange for the reinforcing army to take a rest, let them be used to the Ark Continent s environment . I think the Divine Race s reinforcements wouldn t take too long before they arrive . As soon as the Divine Race makes their move, we ll dispatch our troops as well . I really want to meet this Zhao Hai . The Demon Dragon King nodded before he bowed and asked to be excused . After seeing the Demon Dragon King walk out, the Great Demon King took his wine cup and drank some liquor . Then he muttered, Just wait, sooner or later, the Demons will be out of your control . Then the Great Demon King turned his gaze towards the Demon God s portrait . The Demon God had three heads, six arms, and an ugly facial expression . Besides weapons, the Demon God also held several heads in his hands . This caused the portrait to emanate a vile aura . If one were weak of mind, they might even see blood dripping from the picture . Why would the Great Demon King say this to the portrait What was wrong Does he want to change their faith Naturally, ZhaoHai didn t know these . The Devil s War chariot was a Domain Weapon . It s quite powerful that the Space s monitor wasn t able to see inside it . However, Zhao Hai didn t care about it, he only cared about looking at the reinforcing Demon Army . Besides the ten million or so Death Qi warriors, there were also ordinary Demon soldiers . From Zhao Hai s count, there were about 50 million people that came out of the spatial rift . Zhao Hai couldn t help but mutter, They actually went full force . I didn t think they would send this much people . After the reinforcement army came, the Demonic Abyss up to Demon City had become huge military compound . On the other hand, the Great Demon King s chariot stayed on the skies above the Demonic Abyss . At this time, Laura and the others were merrily taking a walk . They didn t have anything to do in these past few days, so they strolled around the Ark Space looking for something to do . Although everything in the Ark Space was the same as the Ark Continent, there were still things needed to be taken care of . Because of this, Zhao Hai sent them over to help . Although the Buda Clan was also inside the Space, they were in a separate island a distance away from the Ark Continent . And even if it was quite close, one couldn t easily reach the island . This was exactly what Zhao Hai wanted . In doing so, the Buda Clan wasn t too far nor too close to the continent . This was to maintain a sense of mystery to the clan . Naturally, Laura and the others wouldn t have him help the people of the continent . That would be the job for the Buda Clan s people . Because of this, Zhao Hai hadn t appeared in the Ark Space since . This was actually Laura s idea . It wouldn t be easy to deify Zhao Hai in the minds of the Ark Continent s people . After all, nobody would see someone they can casually talk to as a god, When Laura and the others walked into the living room and saw the Devil s War Chariot on the monitor, they couldn t help but gasp in surprise . After seeing their reaction, Zhao Hai laughed before he enlarged the devil s face . This frightened the women even more . With Zhao Hai s laughter, the women understood that Zhao Hai was intentionally scaring them . They immediately went to Zhao Hai and pinched his sides . Naturally, they knew that this wouldn t do anything to Zhao Hai . But Zhao Hai still yelled in pain . He didn t brace himself, moreover, he can still feel pain . After pinching Zhao Hai many more times, Laura and the other gave a snort before stopping and sitting with Zhao Hai . Laura even told Cai er, Cai er, play that scene back Upon hearing Laura, Zhao Hai almost spit out blood . He couldn t handle the pressure in the room so he stood up and pulled Berry over while saying, Berry, let s go, join me for a bath . In any case, nothing great would happen in the Demon Army soon . Then he took Berry downstairs to the hot spring . Berry s face was red but she still continued to follow Zhao Hai . Megan turned to Berry and yelled, Sister Berry, if you can t take it anymore don t hesitate to ask for help After Megan said that, Laura and the others laughed . This made Berry s face even redder . Berry s joking skill was weak, so she couldn t think of anything wise to retort . She just turned to Megan and said, Hmph, I don t need help . If you come, then I ll turn you away This made the women laugh even more . That night, Zhao Hai was very tired . The reason for this was because he was unable to stop the women from invading his room . The next morning, while Zhao Hai was still asleep, Cai er entered his room . Zhao Hai was lying naked in his bed, Laura and the others were also right by Zhao Hai s side . All of them were sleeping quite smoothly . When Cai er saw this, her face couldn t help but turn red . Then she snorted before making a water ball and splashing Zhao Hai s face with it . Her control was very good, not a single drop of water splashed on the women s bodies . Zhao Hai immediately woke up, he sat up and looked at Cai er, Cai er, what did you just do Cai er snorted and said, Young Master, get up . The Divine Race s reinforcements have arrived . When Zhao Hai heard Cai er, he couldn t help but stare for a moment before he carefully got up from his bed . He took extra care to not disturb the women . Cai er looked at Zhao Hai s movements before he snorted and flashed out of the room . Zhao Hai turned to Cai er s direction before he muttered, What happened to Cai er Strange . However, he still went to the bathroom and cleaned himself up . Then he wore some clothes before proceeding towards the living room . After Zhao Hai left, Laura smiled along with the other women . Laura opened her eyes, looked at the others and said, Brother Hai is really too daft when it came to reading sentiment . He couldn t even recognize Cai er s jealous look . Lizzy opened her eyes and replied, Yeah, but Big Brother Hai is like that . He would never know about those things . I wonder what Brother Hai s face would be once he discovers that Cai er likes him . After imagining Zhao Hai s shocked expression, the women couldn t help but look at each other . When they noticed that all of them were naked, their faces immediately turned red . Meanwhile, Megan hugged Lizzy from behind as she traced Lizzy s chest and said, Lizzy, these are really big . No wonder Brother Hai likes to touch them so much . Lizzy had no intention of just receiving Megan s attack, naturally she would counter attack . Before long, the women were noisily laughing inside the room .





* * *





Chapter 800 – Transfer

Zhao Hai sat in the living room and looked at the Divine Race Army in the monitor . The Divine Race reinforcements this time were divided into three teams, the heavy Barbarian cavalry, the light winged pegasus cavalry, and the Divine Race infantry .

The Winged Pegasus light cavalry were in front, being the first to enter the Radiant Empire . The Divine Race infantry went next and after that were the Barbarian heavy cavalry . Their motion was fast, it didn’t take too long for all of them to arrive at the Radiant Empire . However, the one who attracted Zhao Hai’s attention the most was the carriage right in the middle of the Divine Race infantry .

Similar to how the Great Demon King arrived, this carriage was pulled by one high level magic beast . But instead of an elephant shaped beast, the magic beast used to pull this carriage was a type of lion . The lion was snow white, with two steady wings on each of its side . With how white the magic beast was, one could feel an extraordinarily holy aura coming out of it .

The carriage itself was as interesting as the lion type magic beast . The carriage looked like a large great sword . But instead of metal, the great sword was made out of white wood, probably saint light wood . However, one could see that it was leagues better than the conventional saint light wood .

On the sides of this carriage was a team of knights . The knights resemble the Radiant Church’s Knight Corps . They all wore white armor with white cloaks behind it, had spears on their hands and shields on the other, and on their waists were swords .

These knights amounted to about ten thousand . Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that these Knights were all God-ranks .

After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly . The Taurus Divines had sent a strong army this time, just like the Demons . But what made Zhao Hai interested in the matter wasn’t the army . Zhao Hai was looking at the carriage, he reckoned that it was a Domain Weapon as well .





Zhao Hai had discovered a different feature on the Space’s monitor . Usually, the monitor would display red on Zhao Hai’s allies while green on his enemies . If the enemy party used a magic formation to block the surveillance, then the area would be depicted by a white spot . However, Zhao Hai saw something that he hadn’t seen before . When the Great Demon King arrived, his carriage was displayed as a light blue dot . This light blue dot was shown on the Divine Race’s carriage as well .

Because of this, Zhao Hai boldly assumed that the Space would detect Domain Weapons as light blue spots . If this is correct, then that Divine Race carriage should be a Domain Weapon as well . [1]

However, Zhao Hai was also curious about who was riding the carriage . He wanted to know if the person was like the Demon Realm Ruler, the Great Demon King . Was it the Taurus Continent Monarch?

While Zhao Hai was thinking about this, Thunder Yun and his people came forward to express their greetings . Thunder Yun, along with the other Generals went to the carriage and simultaneously said, “Welcome, Sir Marshal”

Just as Thunder Yun’s voice fell, a door opened on the tail end of the great sword shaped carriage . The door was fitted well with the entire sword, Zhao Hai wasn’t able to notice it at first .

The hollow area inside the carriage were inlaid with transparent crystals, one can see that they were used for lighting purposes . The entire sword carriage was about 20 meters long, perfectly suited to be used by a human shaped Domain .

At this time, a few people came out of the sword carriage door . When he saw these people, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get stunned . This was because it wasn’t the king of the Taurus continent, but several maids instead . The maids were very beautiful, even under a thin veil over their faces . All of them were 9th rank and looked like fairies as they came out .

Zhao Hai originally didn’t take it seriously when he saw that the person was escorted by the maids . So when he saw Thunder Yun’s ugly expression, Zhao Hai was confused .

However, Zhao Hai was quick to understand Thunder Yun’s expresion . This was because after eight maids came out of the sword carriage, a young man walked out .





However, Zhao Hai was quick to understand Thunder Yun’s expresion . This was because after eight maids came out of the sword carriage, a young man walked out .

The young man wore a white robe, his face was pale but beautiful . He had a smile on his face but it wasn’t a smile of happiness, instead, it was a smile of someone looking down on people, showing his arrogance . He also held two women on his sides .

When he saw that a young man was sent as reinforcement, Zhao Hai was shocked . He believed that it would be impossible for this young man to be the King of the Taurus Continent . His temperament alone wasn’t something found on strong Divine Race characters . It was impossible for the Divine Race to follow this young man .

Moreover, Thunder Yun greeted the Marshal . However, his age was just too low for a position as head of a military . It might even be possible that he hadn’t been on a battlefield before .

No wonder Thunder Yun’s expression was ugly to behold . The young man wasn’t the man he thought would come .

Thunder Yun looked at the young man and respectfully said, “Your Highness the Third Prince, why have you come to the Ark Continent and taken the carriage of the Marshall?”

The Third Prince chuckled and said, “It’s nothing, I told my uncle that I want to see this world . He had me go instead and take his carriage . ”

Thunder Yun’s expression turned uglier, he looked at the Third Prince and said, “Your Highness, have his Majesty the King read the letter? The situation here is dire, things can get dangerous in an instant . If you have nothing to do here, then I ask Your Highness Third Prince to please return . ”

When he heard Thunder Yun, the Third Prince’s complexion sank . He snorted before he gave a retort, “Thunder Yun, who do you think you are? What qualifications do you have to order me? You think I can’t have my father revoke your status as Chief Commander?”





When he heard Thunder Yun, the Third Prince’s complexion sank . He snorted before he gave a retort, “Thunder Yun, who do you think you are? What qualifications do you have to order me? You think I can’t have my father revoke your status as Chief Commander?”

Thunder Yun fearlessly stared right back at the Third Prince and said, “If your highness can do that, then I would gladly step down . ”

The Third Prince’s complexion turned colder when he heard Thunder Yun . Then he snorted and took out a Command Token and a scroll . Then he looked at Thunder Yun and said, “No wonder Father said that you get more useless as you got older . Even a small plane such as the Ark Continent needed a large number of troops . Thunder Yun, listen to my command . You shall now be transferred away from your position as Chief of Command . However, you will stay in the frontlines as I take command of the troops . ”

The Third Prince’s command caused an uproar to the military officers behind Thunder Yun . They didn’t expect this to happen . The Third Prince would replace Thunder Yun as commander? One must know that the Third Prince had never gone to the battlefield before . Although he had studied the ways of battle, how could he compare to a seasoned General like Thunder Yun? Have the King and Marshal really sent this order?

Thunder Yun’s stunned face looked at the Third Prince . Then his startled expression turned into anger as he said, “That is impossible . I need to see His Highness’ decree!” The Third Prince didn’t say anything as he just coldly snorted and threw the scroll over to Thunder Yun . Thunder Yun took the scroll and impatiently opened it . Upon seeing its contents, he couldn’t help but be shocked, he muttered, “Impossible . This is impossible . This can’t happen . ”

While Thunder Yun was muttering to himself, a hand suddenly came and snatched the scroll away from his hands . Naturally, this hand belonged to the Third Prince . The Third Prince looked at Thunder Yun and said, “Now that you’ve finished reading, do you have anything else to say? Everyone listen! From now on, I will officially be the Chief Commander of this army . If violations occur, then they would be judged by martial law!”

After having said that, the Third Prince turned around and returned to his sword carriage . Then the carriage moved slowly forward without caring about Thunder Yun and the other Generals . All of them were staring blankly, they didn’t know what happened, everything went by too quick . What happened was way out of their expectations that they weren’t even able to respond .

It wasn’t only Thunder Yun and the others, Zhao Hai was also dumbfounded about what just happened . He couldn’t comprehend what just occurred . A transfer of command? Does the Divine Race really want to do this?”

However, Zhao Hai changed his mind . This development was a godsend to him . The Divine Race just traded a veteran General with an inexperienced young man . In other words, Thunder Yun’s removal alone has caused great damage to the Divine Race army .

Dealing with an inexperienced fellow was much easier compared to an old fox like Thunder Yun . For Zhao Hai, this was an extremely good thing .



However, Zhao Hai changed his mind . This development was a godsend to him . The Divine Race just traded a veteran General with an inexperienced young man . In other words, Thunder Yun’s removal alone has caused great damage to the Divine Race army .

Dealing with an inexperienced fellow was much easier compared to an old fox like Thunder Yun . For Zhao Hai, this was an extremely good thing .

After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, “Hahaha, good, good job Divine Race . You actually helped me a lot . I couldn’t thank you enough . ”

While he was laughing, Laura and the others came into the room . It seems like they had just come back from taking a bath judging by their wet hair . When they saw Zhao Hai laughing, Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai? What are you so happy?”

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others in the eyes before he smiled, “Something good arrived . The Divine Race just removed Thunder Yun from being the commander of their army . What they replaced him with was an inexperienced Third Prince of the Taurus Continent . This fellow even looks like he hadn’t been on a battlefield before . ”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Laura and the others couldn’t help but stare . Then they looked at each other before staring blankly at the monitor . After some time, Lizzy said, “The Divine Race are courting death . Big Brother Hai, it seems like we need to change our tactics to capitalize on this move . ”

Ignoring the fact that it is shaped like a weapon . . Geez Zhao Hai  Chapter 800 Transfer Zhao Hai sat in the living room and looked at the Divine Race Army in the monitor . The Divine Race reinforcements this time were divided into three teams, the heavy Barbarian cavalry, the light winged pegasus cavalry, and the Divine Race infantry . The Winged Pegasus light cavalry were in front, being the first to enter the Radiant Empire . The Divine Race infantry went next and after that were the Barbarian heavy cavalry . Their motion was fast, it didn t take too long for all of them to arrive at the Radiant Empire . However, the one who attracted Zhao Hai s attention the most was the carriage right in the middle of the Divine Race infantry . Similar to how the Great Demon King arrived, this carriage was pulled by one high level magic beast . But instead of an elephant shaped beast, the magic beast used to pull this carriage was a type of lion . The lion was snow white, with two steady wings on each of its side . With how white the magic beast was, one could feel an extraordinarily holy aura coming out of it . The carriage itself was as interesting as the lion type magic beast . The carriage looked like a large great sword . But instead of metal, the great sword was made out of white wood, probably saint light wood . However, one could see that it was leagues better than the conventional saint light wood . On the sides of this carriage was a team of knights . The knights resemble the Radiant Church s Knight Corps . They all wore white armor with white cloaks behind it, had spears on their hands and shields on the other, and on their waists were swords . These knights amounted to about ten thousand . Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that these Knights were all God ranks . After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn t help but smile bitterly . The Taurus Divines had sent a strong army this time, just like the Demons . But what made Zhao Hai interested in the matter wasn t the army . Zhao Hai was looking at the carriage, he reckoned that it was a Domain Weapon as well . Zhao Hai had discovered a different feature on the Space s monitor . Usually, the monitor would display red on Zhao Hai s allies while green on his enemies . If the enemy party used a magic formation to block the surveillance, then the area would be depicted by a white spot . However, Zhao Hai saw something that he hadn t seen before . When the Great Demon King arrived, his carriage was displayed as a light blue dot . This light blue dot was shown on the Divine Race s carriage as well . Because of this, Zhao Hai boldly assumed that the Space would detect Domain Weapons as light blue spots . If this is correct, then that Divine Race carriage should be a Domain Weapon as well . 1 However, Zhao Hai was also curious about who was riding the carriage . He wanted to know if the person was like the Demon Realm Ruler, the Great Demon King . Was it the Taurus Continent Monarch While Zhao Hai was thinking about this, Thunder Yun and his people came forward to express their greetings . Thunder Yun, along with the other Generals went to the carriage and simultaneously said, Welcome, Sir Marshal Just as Thunder Yun s voice fell, a door opened on the tail end of the great sword shaped carriage . The door was fitted well with the entire sword, Zhao Hai wasn t able to notice it at first . The hollow area inside the carriage were inlaid with transparent crystals, one can see that they were used for lighting purposes . The entire sword carriage was about 20 meters long, perfectly suited to be used by a human shaped Domain . At this time, a few people came out of the sword carriage door . When he saw these people, Zhao Hai couldn t help but get stunned . This was because it wasn t the king of the Taurus continent, but several maids instead . The maids were very beautiful, even under a thin veil over their faces . All of them were 9th rank and looked like fairies as they came out . Zhao Hai originally didn t take it seriously when he saw that the person was escorted by the maids . So when he saw Thunder Yun s ugly expression, Zhao Hai was confused . However, Zhao Hai was quick to understand Thunder Yun s expresion . This was because after eight maids came out of the sword carriage, a young man walked out . The young man wore a white robe, his face was pale but beautiful . He had a smile on his face but it wasn t a smile of happiness, instead, it was a smile of someone looking down on people, showing his arrogance . He also held two women on his sides . When he saw that a young man was sent as reinforcement, Zhao Hai was shocked . He believed that it would be impossible for this young man to be the King of the Taurus Continent . His temperament alone wasn t something found on strong Divine Race characters . It was impossible for the Divine Race to follow this young man . Moreover, Thunder Yun greeted the Marshal . However, his age was just too low for a position as head of a military . It might even be possible that he hadn t been on a battlefield before . No wonder Thunder Yun s expression was ugly to behold . The young man wasn t the man he thought would come . Thunder Yun looked at the young man and respectfully said, Your Highness the Third Prince, why have you come to the Ark Continent and taken the carriage of the Marshall The Third Prince chuckled and said, It s nothing, I told my uncle that I want to see this world . He had me go instead and take his carriage . Thunder Yun s expression turned uglier, he looked at the Third Prince and said, Your Highness, have his Majesty the King read the letter The situation here is dire, things can get dangerous in an instant . If you have nothing to do here, then I ask Your Highness Third Prince to please return . When he heard Thunder Yun, the Third Prince s complexion sank . He snorted before he gave a retort, Thunder Yun, who do you think you are What qualifications do you have to order me You think I can t have my father revoke your status as Chief Commander Thunder Yun fearlessly stared right back at the Third Prince and said, If your highness can do that, then I would gladly step down . The Third Prince s complexion turned colder when he heard Thunder Yun . Then he snorted and took out a Command Token and a scroll . Then he looked at Thunder Yun and said, No wonder Father said that you get more useless as you got older . Even a small plane such as the Ark Continent needed a large number of troops . Thunder Yun, listen to my command . You shall now be transferred away from your position as Chief of Command . However, you will stay in the frontlines as I take command of the troops . The Third Prince s command caused an uproar to the military officers behind Thunder Yun . They didn t expect this to happen . The Third Prince would replace Thunder Yun as commander One must know that the Third Prince had never gone to the battlefield before . Although he had studied the ways of battle, how could he compare to a seasoned General like Thunder Yun Have the King and Marshal really sent this order Thunder Yun s stunned face looked at the Third Prince . Then his startled expression turned into anger as he said, That is impossible . I need to see His Highness decree The Third Prince didn t say anything as he just coldly snorted and threw the scroll over to Thunder Yun . Thunder Yun took the scroll and impatiently opened it . Upon seeing its contents, he couldn t help but be shocked, he muttered, Impossible . This is impossible . This can t happen . While Thunder Yun was muttering to himself, a hand suddenly came and snatched the scroll away from his hands . Naturally, this hand belonged to the Third Prince . The Third Prince looked at Thunder Yun and said, Now that you ve finished reading, do you have anything else to say Everyone listen From now on, I will officially be the Chief Commander of this army . If violations occur, then they would be judged by martial law After having said that, the Third Prince turned around and returned to his sword carriage . Then the carriage moved slowly forward without caring about Thunder Yun and the other Generals . All of them were staring blankly, they didn t know what happened, everything went by too quick . What happened was way out of their expectations that they weren t even able to respond . It wasn t only Thunder Yun and the others, Zhao Hai was also dumbfounded about what just happened . He couldn t comprehend what just occurred . A transfer of command Does the Divine Race really want to do this However, Zhao Hai changed his mind . This development was a godsend to him . The Divine Race just traded a veteran General with an inexperienced young man . In other words, Thunder Yun s removal alone has caused great damage to the Divine Race army . Dealing with an inexperienced fellow was much easier compared to an old fox like Thunder Yun . For Zhao Hai, this was an extremely good thing . After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn t help but laugh, Hahaha, good, good job Divine Race . You actually helped me a lot . I couldn t thank you enough . While he was laughing, Laura and the others came into the room . It seems like they had just come back from taking a bath judging by their wet hair . When they saw Zhao Hai laughing, Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, Brother Hai What are you so happy Zhao Hai looked at Laura and the others in the eyes before he smiled, Something good arrived . The Divine Race just removed Thunder Yun from being the commander of their army . What they replaced him with was an inexperienced Third Prince of the Taurus Continent . This fellow even looks like he hadn t been on a battlefield before . Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Laura and the others couldn t help but stare . Then they looked at each other before staring blankly at the monitor . After some time, Lizzy said, The Divine Race are courting death . Big Brother Hai, it seems like we need to change our tactics to capitalize on this move . Ignoring the fact that it is shaped like a weapon . . Geez Zhao Hai





* * *

